###chapter 1

**************
Haunted by years of abuse from her father, 17-year-old Megan survives a near-fatal attack only to face a new nightmare: PTSD, infertility, and a relentless media circus. When Logan Peters, her wounded teacher-turned-guardian, risks his career and fragile sobriety to protect her, their fractured souls collide. As Megan battles self-destruction and Logan grapples with his dying wife's last wish, they forge a forbidden bond in the shadows of trauma. But with her abuser possibly escaping prison, can their scarred love become a lifeline—or will it drown them both? A raw tale of shattered trust and the desperate light we cling to.
**************

**Hi all just to let you know this is the second book in the series. the first book is called Saving Megan. If you go to my profile you will be able to answer it. **


"I don't know anymore," Logan says, looking at Stephanie.

"I do," she says with a small smile. "It's time for you to let me go and for you to move on," 

"You make it sound so easy," he states and wheels up to her in his wheelchair. "I love you, but" he nibbles his bottom lip and looks down at his lap.

"I know you love me, but you love her too. In a way, you've moved on. You just haven't let go of me yet," she states, looking up at the ceiling. "Can I see her?" she asks.

"She's still in a coma," Logan mutters.  

"She won't die," Stephanie says, smiling at him. "She hasn't gone through all that to die right at the last minute," 

"I know," 	

"You don't; you think she's going to die," Stephanie pauses, "if she dies, you'll go off track, and that's what I'm scared of and probably Eric and Lynn are scared too," 

"I'll be fine; I'll deal with it properly this time,"

"See, you do think she'll die," she says, chuckling slightly. He sighs and rakes his hand through his hair.

"No I think the doctors are right and it could be months or years before she wakes up and even then she may have no memory," he retorts.

"Ah, you're scared of her forgetting about you, the man that saved her." 

"Whatever," he grunts, "I need to go," he says, wheeling backwards.

"You can pull the plug on me once I've met her," Stephanie says with a smile on her face before Logan leaves the room.

"Whatever Steph," he mumbles to himself. 

Logan has been in hospital for two weeks now. He is still in a bad way, not that he is letting on. The doctors want to keep him in for a while as he cannot move his leg. 

Eric stands behind him and starts to push him down the corridor.

"How is she?" Eric asks, referring to Stephanie.

"Same as always," he mumbles.

Eric sighs and stays silent, Logan hasn't been in the best of moods since he woke. Everyone knows Logan has been beating himself up about Megan but didn't truly know how much. Logan blames himself for not being there on time, for not doing something sooner. He didn't understand how people could say he saved her when really he didn't. He let her go home to that cruel man everyday not ever saying a word to anyone about his suspicions. 

"I'm sorry," Eric says, suddenly breaking the silence.

"What for?" 

"For not believing you, I mean I did sort of believe you, when she was in hospital but she's been bullied before so I just figured the story that she told us was true, because girls can be mean and it was believable," he says quietly. "So I'm sorry, Lynn and I  should have believed you." 

Logan stays quiet and rests his head on his hand while Eric takes him back to the room he is staying in. 

"Oh you're back," Lynn greets "how is she?" she asks.

"Same as always," Logan says and wheels himself to Megan's bed. He takes her hand and relaxes in the chair. Julie sits opposite him looking at her best friend then at him.

"Melanie says she's going to come by after school," she states. Logan doesn't say anything. He doesn't really care, he just wants Megan to be ok and to pull through. Julie sighs and looks at Lynn and Eric to see they were picking their jackets up.

"We are going to go home for a bit, we'll bring you some more clothes Logan," Lynn says, earning a small mumble of an Ok from Logan. She sighs and walks out with her husband not far behind. 

"Her dad is-"

"He is not her dad," Logan snaps, cutting Julie off.

"Well he's apparently awake," she says slowly, trying desperately to make it not sound bad.

"Funny how he's ok while his daughter is fighting for her own life because of him," he growled "arsehole."

"He wants to see her." 

"What!" he snaps, turning to look at her.

"I don't fully know if they'll let him but apparently he's begging to see her and keeps asking if she's ok," she informed. "They are apparently thinking about letting him see her from the outside and then hopefully he'll co-operate with them," 

"They're fucking insane right?" he asks.

"I don't know, it's just what I've heard" she says truthfully.

He sighs and links his fingers with Megan's. He hated seeing her like this, she had a tube down her throat to help her breath, wires coming from both hands one for morphine the other had fluids. A wire coming from her nose that was taped onto her right cheek for her feeding, everything annoyed him and everything made his fear become more and more real. The doctors told him there was nothing they could do, all they had to do was wait and hope. 

"Yeah well now everyone knows,"he states. 

"True. I'm going I have a lot of homework and my English sub is crap at explaining things, good job there's only a few days left till we break for Christmas." she says and walked out of the room.

"Yeah good job," Logan muttered and kissed Megan's hand.

**A few days later**

"I never knew he was you know," Julie says, crossing her legs on the chair she was sitting on.

First her fingers, second her arm and the nurse takes the tube from her throat. Third, her head moved from side to side and then stopped looking straight forward, her eyes still closed. 

"Turn the light down," she heard someone say. 

The smell of disinfectant filled her nostrils, almost burning the inside. The smell was so strong. Comfort isn't what she would describe what she was feeling beneath her; it was more hard but acceptable comfort. The feelings inside her were pain and pain, nothing but pain. 

"W...where?" she tried to speak but it hurt to do that also. She heard someone shush her and fear crept in as who that would be. No wonder she felt pain he had done as much as he could do to her last night or what she thought was last night. 

Her eyes slowly opened and the first thing she saw was white just bright white. She closed her eyes and moved her head to the side and opened them again to see a dimmed light on what seemed to be on a white 
bedside table. 

She tried again "W...where am I?" she asks to whoever was in the room. She knew it wasn't her room, she didn't need to have clear vision to realise that. She looked back up at the ceiling gulping down trying to relieve some of the pain. No one heard her, she hardly heard herself talk. 

"Megan," someone says. She looked around blinking trying to stop her blurred vision.

"Yeah," she says, sounding like a faint whisper.

"Do you know where you are?" the voice asked again.

"No" she cried and squeezed her eyes shut "I want to go home," she cried.

"Maybe we should leave this until she's up properly?" the woman says but it sounded like she had said it to someone else. Megan groaned and turned her head from side to side. "It's ok Megan, we'll give you some morphine for the pain," the voice sounded again. Water slowly seeped out of Megan's closed eyelids and fell down the side of her face. "It's ok," the woman says but this time put her hand on her head and stroked her forehead with her thumb. After a minute or so Megan went quiet and the tears stopped and her mind went into a dreamless state once more.
###chapter 2
"Ok Logan, now try bending your leg," Logan's physiotherapist said. She was of Japanese ethnic and had long black shiny hair. Her build was petite and she wore the same white coat as what Megan's doctor wore.

Logan had started to see his physiotherapist as soon as he woke up but only went to a few sessions but ever since Megan finally woke up he made sure he had meetings every day. She wasn't much conversation when he went to see her. She just laid on her side not saying a word to anyone she did however mutter a few things to herself and when she noticed people looking at her she'd make an effort to smile at them.

Logan focused and his leg twitched up slightly.

"Ok urm maybe we should take a break for a while," the woman suggested. Logan sighed in frustration "don't worry these things take time, you've made a great process." The woman reassured me.

Logan didn't say anything and made his way back into the wheelchair. Eric smiled slightly and wheeled Logan out of the Physiotherapists office.

"I'll see you tomorrow," she said smiling and shut the door behind them.

"Can you take me to the room her father is in?" Logan asked his uncle.

"What?" he asked, surprised.

"I want to see how he's doing," he said, moving his hand over his mouth.

"Logan I don't" Logan cut him off.

"Please, I can't exactly do anything, can I? With only one leg working," he snapped.

"Fine," Eric said, defeated and took Logan to where Jonathon was.

After five minutes they were outside the room he was in. There was a police officer standing outside his door and another not far down the hall. From the window Logan could see inside. Anger rose in him as he noticed him asleep. It annoyed him how he could sleep yet Megan was too scared to.

"He's sedated," a voice sounded from his side. He turned to see it was a woman in a dark grey suit. She was a redhead and quite slim. "I never knew he was ill"

"Who are you?" Logan asked.

"His secretary," the redhead said and looked back at the man lying in the bed in the room. "He keeps asking to see his daughter yet they won't let him which is a shame really."

"What?" Logan asked angrily.

"I'm not fully sure what has happened but-" Logan cut her off.

"He's not allowed to see her because he's being beating her," Logan snapped. The woman's face fell and she shook her head "why the hell do you think there's a police officer stood at his door, his daughter is on a different ward and is still on observation," Logan paused "he's not some fucking saint you know,"

"I...I didn't know. No one has told me anything. All I know is that he's mentally ill," the woman said, still with shock on her face.

"Yeah well now you do," Logan snapped and looked at Eric "can you take me back now?" he asked. Eric nodded and started to push Logan back to Megan's room. The red head followed.

"Wait can you tell me everything as I know nothing and well if he's done what you've said he's done then I want to make sure she's ok," Eric stopped Logan and Logan looked at the woman.

"Whatever," he muttered and started to wheel himself to Megan's room. He didn't care if she followed him or not he couldn't exactly stop her.

---

Megan looked out the window, her eyes laced with clear salty water. She had heard someone come into the room but she didn't turn to see who it was. She didn't care who it was as long as it wasn't the man who made her the way she was now.

"Megan the doctor is here to see you," Lynn said. Megan gave no indication that she had heard Lynn.

"Megan," the doctor said, walking into Megan's view. "I have something to tell you," by the tone of his voice she could tell it was something bad. She slowly looked him in the eyes. "When you came into hospital," he stopped when the door opened again. At the corner of her eye she saw Logan and Eric and a woman she only knew by face. Megan turned her attention back to the doctor. "Can I continue with these people here?" the doctor asks. Megan nods in response. "Urm..." he said while sitting down on the chair next to her bed by the window. "The night you came into hospital and we prepped you for surgery and while we were doing the surgery to stop the bleeding we found that you were pregnant," he explained. Megan slowly closed her eyes and then opened them again "and we also found that you have had quite a few miscarriages, we are not sure for definite but the miscarriages may have damaged your womb. The recent miscarriage has done most of the damage because you had internal bleeding as well. I am not saying this is for definite, that is why we will need to do more tests later in time." The doctor explained.

Megan turned her gaze back outside watching the rain fall. "It's nearly Christmas," she said quietly.

"In a week," the doctor stated. Megan didn't say anything and tilted her head back so her head was now resting on the pillow. "Ok," the doctor said standing up, "someone will come in later on to talk to you now that you are well enough to see people," he explained. Megan didn't reply but her eyes followed him out.

Logan wheeled himself to her and gave her a small smile. She didn't return it; she turned her head back out the window.

"Hi Megan," she heard a woman say. Megan didn't reply. The woman moved in the direction of Megan's gaze "How are you feeling?" the woman asked. Megan sighed and looked up at the ceiling.

"Can someone put the TV on please?" she muttered. There was a long silence which caused Megan to look around the room to see all the reluctant faces.

"Sure," the woman said with a confused look on her face. The red head took the TV remote from the shelf and pressed the TV on. Within a couple of seconds the TV hummed to life and straight away they were faced with the news. "Do you want me to turn it over?" she asked.

"No," Megan said "thank you," she mumbled and closed her eyes. She didn't care for what was on the TV; she just wanted some sound in the room. She was sick of thinking about the same thing all the time. She hated night time more than anything in the world right now. It was the worst time. She couldn't close her eyes without an image coming into her mind scaring her half to death.

"Are you ok?" she heard Logan ask her. She opened her eyes and looked at him. She scanned his body with her eyes. She hated herself; she felt it was her fault he was in the wheelchair having to go see a physiotherapist practically every day just so he could walk again. She didn't understand how he could still look at her the way he does and still be in the same room as her, without getting angry at her and hurting her.

Megan didn't reply, she just slowly looked away from him and looked at the TV to see a brunette woman holding a microphone in her hand. Megan frowned slightly because the place the woman was at seemed familiar to her. "Could you turn this up please?" she asked whoever was listening. The sound on the TV slowly rose and what the woman was saying became clearer.

"I am stood outside the family where the poor girl was beaten and raped by her own father," Megan's jaw dropped.

"Turn it off," she said. They looked at her "turn it off," she snapped. The TV went off and Megan went silent. They all knew that what had happened to her was going to be on the news and they knew telling her would have a big effect.

"Can you all leave please?" she asked. The red head looked at her "Now," she said. They nodded and slowly walked out. Logan stayed where he was and looked at her "why didn't you tell me?" she asked him.

"I thought it would be best not to,"

"And what have me wondering why all my classmates are talking and whispering about me when I got to school,"

"I'm sorry I probably should have told you," he paused "I was just trying to protect you,"

"I don't need protecting," she paused and started to move the covers off her body "and I do not need to be here anymore," she said and lifted up her leg that was in a pot and took the crutches from the side of her bed.

"Megan you're not well enough you still need" she cut him off

"No I don't need to stay here I'm fine I need to go see my father,"

"What? You know he's here?"

"Yes I do, a woman came in earlier and told my doctor about him," she answered and started to lift herself up with the help of the crutches.

"Megan you can't be serious about seeing him,"

"I am serious and no one can stop me," she snapped while hopping along.

"Megan," Logan said and wheeled himself to the door and turned to look at her. She sighed and looked at him her eyes slowly starting to water. "You can't go see him,"

"Why the hell not? He's my father," she snapped angrily. This was the first time since she woke up she had showed any emotion. Logan sighed and then looked at her seeing the look on her face.

"For one they won't allow you to see him and two there's no way in hell I am letting you," he snapped.

"Why do you intend to get involved in my life so much? Do you not realise that I do not need you?" she asked angrily "I need to see him to make sure he is ok and I need you to leave me the fuck alone,"

"Why are you so angry at me? I have done nothing but care for you,"

"Did I ask you to? No I didn't"

"Yes you did if I'm not mistaken the night I got shot was the night you called me up asking for my help," he retorted. She sighed and looked up at the ceiling holding back her tears.

"Do you not think I know that it is my fault that you are in the wheelchair? Why do you think I can't look at you?" she snapped and moved her hand to her chest. "I don't understand you," she cried.

Logan sighed and put the break on his wheelchair "you're angry at yourself?" he asked. She nodded and wiped the tears from her cheeks.

"The reason we are both here is because of me, because I was stupid to think that the jerk I called dad could get help. The only reason I want to see him is because I know I will have nothing else but him outside this hospital," Megan moved her hand back to her chest as her breathing became shallow. Logan frowned and pushed himself up out of the wheelchair putting all his weight on one foot.

"That's not true," he stated.

"Isn't it I have no mom I have no one I do have a grandfather that I hate for hating me mother but apart from that I have no one," she cried and stepped closer to him.

"It's funny how they say that the guy is the dumb one at seeing things like this," he muttered to himself and moved forward putting his hand on the bed for support. "You have me and you may think you don't but you do" he stated and pulled her close to him. "Please stop trying to distance yourself from me and let me help you. Please," he said kissing the top of her head.

"Help me now because I can't breathe,"

"What?" he asked pulling away.

"I can't breathe Logan," she said and collapsed onto the floor, her vision going blurry and fading back into nothingness.
###chapter 3
Logan slowly walked forward while holding the bar at each side of him for support. One step, two steps, three step and the steps kept on going. A smirk went across him face as he looked down at his feet. It had been two and a half weeks since Megan collapsed right in front of him, her heart stopping right in front of him. The worst moments of his life were right there at that moment. He could see right then and there what was now going to happen. He could see himself relapsing, quitting his job going back into a state of depression and anger and he could see history repeating itself all over again, him on the edge ready to take his own life, ready to end it all just like he was before.

"Good you have made brilliant progress," his physiotherapist stated. "You need to exercise your leg like you are but now try walking at least ten steps a day ok?" she asked. Logan nodded and took the crutches. He hadn't used his wheelchair in over a week, he just used the crutches and he had come quite accustomed to using them.

A small smile crept along that handsome face of his as he reached the floor her room was on. He didn't have to worry about relapsing as about a minute after he saw her collapse in front of him. He stood watching the team of doctors and nurses try and make her heart beat again and they did and at that moment he felt everyone in the room let out a sigh of relief. At the moment she started breathing again was the moment he saw what he had to do. As long as she lived he knew he'd be happy.

Logan had spent most of the two weeks arranging Stephanie's funeral, he had never thought he would see someone smile at picking out their own coffin, but he did when he saw Stephanie do it. He could see that he was doing the right thing even if it did hurt him to do it but if it made her smile what did his feelings matter.

The doctors had put Megan in a coma to stop her from opening her internal stitches and for her body to heal quicker. The doctors thought she would try and leave and originally wanted to put her in a drug induced coma but there were no parents or guardians to sign the documents. Now they had an eligible reason. Logan walked to her room and slowly opened the door to see Melanie, Yasmin and Julie all sat in her room.

"Hey," they all said together.

He gave them a small smile and walked to the seat he always sat in. They all looked at each other then looked at him.

"Why were you there that night?" Melanie finally said.

"She called me and asked me to come and help her," he simply said. Logan had finally agreed to talk to the police. They took a written statement from him and recorded his interview. He was surprised that he actually could remember everything once he started to say everything out loud.

"What happened when you got to her? Because in the time that you got to her house you could have rang an ambulance and police," Melanie stated "it would have saved so much time and so much trouble you wouldn't have got shot and she wouldn't be here now."

Yasmin and Julie looked at Melanie to see the anger on her face. "Also why didn't you say anything to the school when she told you what had been happening? You could have told them as she didn't make you promise not to and well it is your job to do so no matter what." She snarled angrily. Logan sighed and went to answer when Melanie continued "Why didn't you just say something as soon as you thought something was wrong? This is your fault." She snapped, "you shouldn't even be here." She mumbled.

"Melanie," Yasmin said quietly as if to say that was out of order.

"Yeah maybe I should have said something but if you were a real friend that didn't want her getting hurt you would have said something even if she did make you promise not to," Logan said looking at her behind his hair "you can carry on taking your anger out on me Melanie but I know and these two know you are angry with yourself more than anyone else," he retorted to her. "We are all angry at ourselves, I wouldn't blame you if you were angry at me I'm angry at myself but we can't change what has happened just be thankful she's ok,"

"Ok" Melanie repeated "does she look fucking ok she's in a coma and well I know my friend and I can bet anything that she is not ok in the head right now," she snapped.

"Logan's right," Yasmin said, cutting into the little argument Melanie was trying to start. They all looked at her "I may have found out a little late but I could have phoned the police as soon as I found out or that day when her dad took her home from Julie's," she paused "I don't think anyone can feel as bad as what you and Logan feel but we all knew and we all thought we were doing the right thing," she paused "Megan made you and Tyler promise not to tell anyone there must of been something that she said to Mr Peters to make him not tell anyone, something big because a promise doesn't look like it would stop him from telling anyone if he's had a wife go through similar stuff." Yasmin looked at Logan and so did Melanie and Julie.

"She threatened to tell the school that I sexually harassed her," he mumbled. Their eyes widened and they looked at Megan.

"No freaking way," Yasmin said.

"What a bitch," Julie said slowly.

"At the time I only had theories so really what I had to say wouldn't have stood up in a room with the board, the principal and her dad. I would have lost my job and then I wouldn't have been able to help her at all," he stated. "But," he sighed "that's not important, let's all just be happy that she's not with that arsehole that was her father," he said and rubbed his face.

A nurse with strawberry blonde hair walked into the room. She smiled sweetly at everyone and then walked to Megan's bed. She put her hand to Megan's neck and placed her middle finger and marriage finger on her pulse and looked at her watch. After a minute or so she took her hand away and reached for Megan's hospital notes and wrote something down.

"The doctor will be waking her up shortly," she stated "now her leg is healed and it seems her heart is recovering lovely. They may do an MRI to make sure everything else is ok," she said and put the board down. She then walked out to walk back a few seconds later with bags of cleared liquid and a bag of what seemed like mashed food. "Plus her weight has gone up which also means less problems are going to happen and it also means she'll have more energy to have more visitors rather than just one," she said smiling at the girls.

"How much did she weigh when she came in?" asked Melanie.

"Around six stone which is really bad for her height, now she weighs about seven," the nurse smiled again and started to replace the empty bags that were hooked to a pole that came from Megan's bed. The nurse then replaced the empty bags with the full ones. She then walked out with the empty ones to return again a couple of seconds later with a needle kit. She grabbed a chair put on some gloves and started to take the drip from Megan's hand. After she finished taking the drip out of Megan's hand the nurse started to tap her hand looking for another vein to put a clean drip in.

"When she wakes up we'll probably try her with some solid food there will also be psychiatrist coming in for when we wake her up and a dietician as there may be a possibility she may be suffering from an eating disorder," the nurse paused and then looked at them "which means she'll be having more therapy," the nurse shook her head slightly and moved hair from Megan's face. "Well I'll be leaving," she sighed and walked out while taking her gloves off and dropping them in the bin near the door and then shut the door behind her.

The three girls looked at each other and then at Logan to see him take hold of her hand again. They watched as he squeezed her hand and then intertwined his fingers with hers.

"When are you back at school?" Yasmin asked him.

"Not for a while, I need to have more Physio before I can go back and apparently counseling for my 'trauma' of being shot. They think I have too much anger," he said and then moved his other hand through his hair.

"You do," Julie muttered and then looked at her friend, "I still don't get why she wanted to see Jonathon,"

"Yeah it confused me at first," Logan stated "and then she told me why,"

"Why then?" Julie asked

"Because she doesn't think anyone will want anything to do with her now she thinks she's no good," Logan answered and looked at them to see them sigh and then look at their friend.

---

Megan sighed for the millionth time that day. She had been awake for three days now and everyday she had a visit from police and social workers, she hated it. They stood in their suits asking her questions she really didn't want to answer.

"Megan," the blonde woman said, now sitting at the side of her bed "you do understand that how you have been treated is not how a parent should treat their children, right?" she asked.

Megan moved her hand to her ribs. She wasn't laid in bed anymore; she was sat in a wheelchair waiting for someone to take her away from this room. She had been left alone in the room with the social workers and the police for two hours now and she hadn't said a word.

The blonde sighed and rubbed her eyes "Megan if you don't talk to us your father may get away with what he has done to you. Do you want that?" the woman asked. Megan had heard the woman say this to her hundreds of times and it didn't make any difference.

Megan blinked and moved her head away from the woman and towards the door. She watched as the door slowly opened and in walked a tall silver haired man in an expensive suit. Megan's eyes widened as she watched the tall man shut the door and then walk over to her.

"Urm excuse me sir-" the man cut the blonde off.

"I'm her grandfather," he said and stood in front of Megan. He sighed and shook his head "could you leave for a moment please," he stated. The blonde nodded and left with the police leaving the door open. "It's been a while, hasn't it Princess?" he asked. Megan gulped and looked away from him. The man sighed "I've arranged for you to come and live with me until you are eighteen and then you can do whatever you like," he stated and sat down in the chair next to her. "I was going to let you have your own apartment but I don't think you are in any state to be living on your own."

"What are you doing here?" she asked slowly.

"Who is this teacher I have heard so much about?" he asked.

"Get out." She said coldly.

"Princess I am sorry for what I said about your mother, I was wrong...your mother was the best thing that had happened to my son," he stated and looked at Megan "and I am sorry for what has been happening to you," Megan glared at him "I did know about my son's condition and I did beg with him to get some help after your mom died because he had stopped taking his meds,"

"Get out," she snapped once more.

"I will come back later, I have some papers to sign and I will wait outside till you are willing to talk to me," he said.

"That won't happen," she said as she watched him walk out of her room.

After several minutes Logan came into her room and sat down in his usual chair. He frowned slightly as he looked at her.

"I'm fine," she said before he asked her. He sighed, "Can you take me somewhere away from this room?" she asked him.

"Yeah," he stated "I want to take you to see someone anyway," he informed me and stood up and started to wheel her out of the room.
###chapter 4
**Logan**

I hadn't been this nervous in my life. I wasn't going to tell Megan who Stephanie was, I was too scared to. They would most likely get on but Megan was very distant from people at the moment and she hardly said anything to anyone. I would be lucky if I heard more than a hundred words from her in a day.

"Where are we going?" she asked me after a few minutes.

"To go see a friend of mine, you'll like her," I said quietly

-

I sat in the chair beside Stephanie's bed watching Megan as she made no I contact with anyone. Stephanie on the other hand was just laid staring at her and every now and then her eyes would drift to me. I had introduced them but still they never spoke. It didn't feel like an awkward silence to me as I was used to silence when I was around Megan. 

Stephanie sighs slightly and turned her attention back to Megan "so you feeling like shit?" she asks her. I rolled my eyes slightly; trust her to say what's on her mind. Megan didn't say anything she just looked at her head on and then laid her head back while closing her eyes. She had being in pain ever since she woke up and she was most likely in pain now just wasn't saying anything.

"Are you ok?" I ask  her.

"Just tired," she mumbled and looked at Stephanie. Megan sighs while looking at her analyzing her slightly. "You're on a life support machine," Megan stated.

"Am I, ohmigod I so totally didn't know they told me it was just there for show those damn doctors always lying to me," Stephanie said with a small smirk. 

Megan smirked slightly and then her facial features went back into the cold look "Why?" Megan asked.

"Some accident," Stephanie lied "I heard what happened to you that pretty sucks to be honest," she states "but hey at least you're alive," she muttered.

"Hmm," Megan hummed slightly and started to yawn. 

"You're a quiet one," Stephanie stated and she got no reply from Megan, "you got a boyfriend?" she asks. Megan shrugged her shoulders which made me frown slightly and I saw Stephanie look at me and smirk slightly at the corner of my eye. "What do you mean you don't know?" she asks.

"I mean I don't know I could have one if I wanted or I could not it really depends if I want one or not, I know he'll go back out with me and I know he'll accept it if I say I don't want a boyfriend," Megan mumbled.

"Ahh you have a back up," Stephanie said with a smile "I had a back up," my head shot at her my eyes wide "he was called Carl," My jaw nearly came off my head. "But I'd probably catch something off him so I decided to keep my distance," I frowned and looked down. I suddenly didn't want to be in this room anymore. My ego felt battered and bruised.

"He's not a back up," Megan stated "he's a soon to be ex that is going to stay an ex," she muttered and moved her hand over eyes.

"Oh," Stephanie said and looked back at me then back at her "are you ok?" she asks.

"Yeah," Megan said letting out a long breath "I'm just tired," she states still not looking up from her lap and her hand hiding her eyes. I moved to her and moved her hair out of the way.

"What's wrong?" I ask  quietly. She stayed silent for a moment and then spoke "and please don't tell me you're just tired," I cut in. 

"It's nothing," she muttered. I sigh slightly and looked towards Stephanie to see her smiling slightly while looking at us.

"I'll get a nurse to take you back to your room.

"Nice meeting you," Stephanie stated.

"Hmm you too," Megan said quietly still in the same position she was in a few minute ago.

After I had taken Megan to the nurse I walked back to Stephanie. I sat down back in my seat and gave her a small smile.

"She's nice," Stephanie said. I frowned slightly wondering if she was telling me the truth "she is, I like her obviously she's a little withdrawn but she seems ok," she explained.

"Hmm and I don't know what to do she hardly talks just now was probably the most she's spoken to someone since she woke except for the little arguments she's had with me,"

"Yeah about them do you blame her she obviously has some feelings for you and you're sort of disabled at the moment because of her father, she's going to obviously see that as her fault and going to be angry at herself but seen as she can't shout at herself  you're the next person she can shout at that she thinks will tell her that she's wrong," Stephanie paused "you're probably the only person who won't stand there and give her a sympathetic look, she probably hates that look right now," Stephanie explained.

I sigh slightly as I did see her point and she was most likely to be right. "I'm going to go, I'll be back later," I state.

I heard her sigh slightly and I knew why it was because I was putting off turning her life support machine off.  I don't think she realised how hard it is for me to do that, I love her just as much as I love Megan and I've known her for so long and coming to this hospital to come and see her every few days is natural for me to do it feels normal, but once she's gone I'll have nothing to fill that void.

"Oh and Logan," she called. I stopped and looked at her "tell her that what she is doing won't change what's happened it'll just make everything worse," she states. I frowned slightly and nodded an OK at her. 

After a few minutes, she stopped outside Megan's room to see she wasn't there. I frowned and looked around for some nurses when I saw the one I had let bring her up here. I limped over with my crutch and caught her attention.

"The girl I ask  you to bring up here in the wheelchair where did you take her," I ask  "because she's not in her room,"

"She wanted to go see her dad so I let her,"

"What?" I ask not fully sure she says what I thought she says.

"She says her dad was in this hospital somewhere but she wasn't sure where because her memory was fuzzy so I looked her dad up on the computer and I took her to his room," she states "Why is there a problem?" she asks. 

I let out a breath trying to calm myself down after all it wasn't the nurse's fault she was so fucking stupid. I turned and started my way to her father's room. The whole way to her father's room was telling myself to calm down but I couldn't understand why the hell she still wanted to visit him after what happened after I told her she didn't need him. Why wouldn't she just trust me?

----

Megan sat in her wheelchair at the foot of her father's bed glaring at him. He did not try to make any eye contact; he was sitting up and looking down at his lap.

"Why are you here?" he asks quietly, breaking the silence that had laced over them over the past seven minutes. He got no reply from her "Please Megan you shouldn't be here you should be as far away from me as possible,"he states. 

Megan stayed silent, her eyes just watching every movement he made as he spoke. She watched him inhale a big breath and let it out again while closing his eyes.

"I'm guessing you've just woken from your coma,"he states.

"I can't have children," Megan suddenly said. His eyes snapped towards her "because of you I can't have children," He gulped as he watched her eyes fill with water "because of you I'm terrified to sleep, because of fucking you I can't feel anything but dirt all the time," she yelled at him.

The door then opened and Logan walked in. He walked straight towards her and knelt down hugging her. She slowly moved her arms around him, hugging him back and crying into his shoulder. 

"I...I'm sorry, I'm going to make sure I get punished properly. People are telling me to plead insanity but I'm not going to because I need to be punished," her father said. 

"Please get me out of here Logan," she muttered. Logan nodded and got up and moved behind her and started to push her out of the room. 

"I'm sorry sweetheart," Jonathon said before she left. 

"Stop a minute," Megan said. Logan reluctantly stopped her "I hate you don't ever call me sweetheart or anything as you are nothing to me," she snarled and Logan wheeled her out of the room and shut the door behind him. 



###chapter 5
Once back at Megan's room Logan stopped her at the foot of her bed. He sighs and sat down looking at her. She was still crying and she wasn't making any eye contact with him.

"Why did you want to see him?" Logan finally asked.

"I needed to tell him how I felt," she muttered, "I'm sorry if you're angry with me," she says.

"I'm not angry with you. I was just confused as to why and well now I know why,"he states. He got on his knees and pulled her close to him as she cried "you shouldn't feely dirty, as you're far from it ok," he hushed as he stroked her head. Megan remained silent and cried into his chest. He knew she wouldn't believe anything he says to her but he also knew that if he told her enough times she just might.

Logan pulled back from the hug slightly as he heard the door open. He looked to see a tall man with silver hair in an expensive suit glaring at him slightly.

"Are you Logan Peters?" the man asked.

Logan felt Megan sigh and turn to the man "go away," she snapped "why don't you listen?" she asks rhetorically.

"I'm your grandfather and I'm not just going to leave you alone when you've just nearly died and need someone to take care of you,"he states.

Logan looked at Megan to see her looking at her lap and then looked back at Megan's grandfather. He sighs slightly at her grandfather's sort of desperate look and then looks back at Megan.

"Why don't you just hear him out?" he asks "I'll stay with you,"he states.

"Ok," she says quietly and Logan wiped the tears from her cheeks and sat in a chair next to Megan. Her grandfather sat down and looked at Megan.

"By the way my name is Carlton," he says to Logan and turns back to Megan. "I know you don't want to see me and I do understand why, heck I wouldn't want to see me either but given the circumstances," Megan cut him off.

"Given the fact your son decided to go loopy and attack and rape me," she snapped. Carlton closed his eyes and inhaled deeply.

"Yes,"he says quietly and then was silent for a few seconds "he came to see me about two weeks before you came into hospital asking me if I would let you live with me for a while," he informed. Megan frowned slightly while looking at him "he said he needed to go away for a while he didn't know when but he says he'd drop you off at mine one day unexpectedly and leave for a few months. I obviously asked him why but he wouldn't say and well in the end I agreed," He paused and looked at Megan "unfortunately he decided to get help just a little too late."

"What do you mean?" she asks

"The day that put you both in here, he had organised to get help, he was suppose to be seeing the psychiatrist on the Friday and he was most likely going to check himself into hospital as when the police checked the house, they saw papers he had printed off all filled in and his stuff packed for when he got there," Carlton explained.

"How do you know all this?" 

"Your uncle he's on his way back from India he just needs to finish off the job he's on or hit I don't know you know it's all secret but he hacked into the police file and got some people to tell him everything and it seems Jonathon had organised to get help a few times but always failed to turn up to the sessions," 

"He's on his way back?" she asks. Carlton nodded and ran a hand through his hair.

"He's not happy as you would imagine but he's promised to be on his best behaviour,"he states.

There was a moment of silence. Logan held Megan's hand while stroking it; fresh tears had formed in her eyes as she looked out the window.

"Urm..." she says, breaking the silence, "how did Jonathon get what he has?" she suddenly asked.

Carlton stayed silent for a moment and looked at her "when he was five he was taken from me and your grandmother and so was his mate, the kidnapper thought it was Brett but it wasn't and well the guy that took him made him change his name to Benjamin. He would call him Benjamin and well long story short he was tortured and raped by him for about eight years when we finally got him back. His friend however died, 

"Jonathon was forced to kill him when he was nine. When we got him back he had therapy but he wouldn't talk to no one and he was obviously messed up but when he was 15, something snapped in him. We had noticed differences in his behaviour but this just proved it. We had a dog and well he killed it, he beat it and then burnt it while it was breathing and he just kept having violent outbursts. Carl had to move out as Jonathon, well Benjamin tried to kill him several times and we only realised what had when his mother was saying his name and he kept saying 'don't call me that, that is not my name' and he would do things to punish himself if he felt he had done wrong. It did all go away once we got him the right help and he was fine and then he met your mother."

"What about my mom?" Megan asked.

"Well when he started going out with her he wouldn't take his medication in front of her because she didn't know for a while and well before they got married I had found out he turned on her just the once and this is how she found out, he attacked her just randomly she didn't expect it no one would have because of how in love they looked, but he did and he started taking his medication again and what you overheard at the wedding was wrong," he paused "I was telling him not to go through with it because he didn't know when he was going to have another episode and I didn't think you or your mother was able to handle him with the 
way he was and I wasn't saying your mother was bad for him because of her background, I was saying it because of how in love with her he was." 

"Isn't that a good thing?" Megan asked.

"Yes and no, the last time they had a major argument and you thought Jonathon had gone on a business trip he hadn't he was in hospital for attempting suicide because he felt he would go back to being Benjamin without her and well when she died he obviously proved himself right," he paused "I am sorry for not contacting you over the past few years,"

Megan sighs slightly and looks at Logan to see him staring down at his feet "how can you say sorry to her and expect her to be ok with you afterwards, you could see all this coming yet you didn't do anything," Logan growled still glaring at the floor. "Did you expect her to go through the shit she has gone through and be ok afterwards?" he snapped.

"No and I did try every so often but she didn't want to see me and I know I probably should have tried harder," 

"Yeah you should have," Logan snapped and then looked at Megan "I'm sorry I don't mean to get angry in front of you," he states and hugged her. 

"It's ok," she said quietly and then pulled back from the hug and looked at her grandfather. "I don't want to live with you," she states "as it means leaving my friends, and well I've met your girlfriend and I don't like her"

"I know you don't," he paused. "I'll try and find something that you will agree with ok?" he asks. She nodded slightly "as I'm now officially your guardian and everything. I've already paid the hospital bills for you both," Logan looked at him "It's really the least I can do and I know you probably wouldn't want to go to this but you do have to I've arranged a psychologist for you and I can if you want bring you a file of the two that I think are the best,"  he paused "and then once you've picked we can arrange on your living arrangements,"he states and stood up "I'll be by tomorrow,"he states "see you tomorrow princess,"he says and moved his hand on her head ruffling her hair a little and walked out f the hospital room.

There was silence as Megan sat staring at her lap. Logan turned her in the wheelchair so she was facing him. "It'll be ok,"he says looking at her. She looked at him and tried her best to smile back at him but it obviously didn't work as his facial expression didn't change. 

"What if I end up like him?" she asks as her voice broke.

"You won't,"

"I may do, what if I end up being psychotic or something," 

"You won't because you have people around you that love you and will try their best to help you whenever you need it even if you think you don't need it," he explained. Megan sighs and looked down at her lap "I'm being serious Megan I won't let you go in that direction if anything I'm going to go in that direction before you," she looked at him "in fact I forbid you to go mental before me do you understand that,"he says. Megan smiled slightly "Are you smiling," she looked away from him and shook her head. "Yes you are," he says smiling too "about time I saw those dimples," Megan slowly moved her hands to her face. "If you hide them I will cry," She looked at him and raised an eyebrow "I am not joking I can make myself cry," 

"Go on then," she says. He frowned and shook his head "because you can't," 

"Yeah you're right I can't,"he says smiling and then takes her hands in his "and you cannot go mental before me understand I've told you this now in fact promise me you won't go mental before me."

"I promise," she muttered. He moved his ear closer to her, acting as if he didn't hear "I promise," she says louder.

"Good,"he said and hugged her tightly.
###chapter 6
**Logan**

Megan had been more talkative now which was good. It had been a week since we had seen her dad and I personally think it was the best because she was more alive. I was now on my way to a meeting with her grandfather, he was still trying to think of a place for her to stay where she'd be happy. 

I opened the door and sat down in the usual seat I sat at when I saw Megan. She had gone for another bout of therapy for her ankle. She could walk on it but not for long.

"So basically does anyone have any ideas as for her to stay with me is only a last resort as she doesn't want to stay with me," her grandfather said.

"It is best for her to stay with someone she knows and has some communication with," her psychotherapist said, looking at us all. Melanie, Eric, Lynn, the head teacher and I were in the room. "So who does she mostly talk to since waking up?" she asks. They all looked at me; I sigh slightly and put my hand up.

"But for her to stay with me would be a little hard as I have a housemate and well I am her teacher," I state. I heard Melanie clear her throat and mutter something under her breath.  I glared at her and she smiled slightly.

"Well I have a house not far from Megan's old house and you can live there. All you will have to pay is your bills, I will be giving you money every month for Megan to pay for her clothes, psychiatrist sessions, her food, school and any hospital funds for her. Does that seem reasonable?" Carlton asked.

"Well yeah but like I say I'm her teacher it may be a little weird for her and doesn't it need to be ok with the school?" I ask .

"I'll have to check with the board but I'm sure it will be ok given the circumstances," the head mistress said. I sigh slightly and look at them all.

"Ok," I say and look at them "but only if she's ok with it," I state.

"She will most likely be as she's probably more dependent on you," The psychiatrist said. I nodded showing I understood.

It wasn't like I didn't want her to live with me, I just didn't trust myself with her. I had told her I loved her and all I hoped was that she didn't remember it as it would cause her to feel awkward with me. Although there was a part of me that wished she did remember so she knew how I felt about her and that I would never hurt her.

----

**Megan**

Listening to them telling me how much it would mean if I finally spoke out about what my father had done to me for the millionth time was really getting boring. They didn't understand how I felt, they kept telling me they did but they hadn't gone through it. It wasn't that I didn't want to tell them, I was just scared to tell them, it took me months for me to finally tell Logan and even now I feel scared to speak about it with him. He doesn't tell me that he understands how I feel, he just tells me he understands why I feel the way I do. 

"Megan," My grandfather said, looking at me. 

I looked at him blankly, I hadn't said a word to any of them; I didn't feel like talking as every time I did I could feel myself breaking down. This was the time of day I hated the most, Logan wasn't here he was at his physiotherapy sessions. Watching the clock wasn't doing me any good, I just wanted him back here he was the person that would keep me safe he had told me himself. He promised he'd never leave me and never let anyone hurt me but every time he went to the sessions I felt almost alone. 

The blonde police officer sighs deeply while looking at me; I looked down at my lap and felt fresh tears start to prick my eyes.

"I'm sorry," I say quietly and then I felt someone take my hand and lean in to hug me. My body froze and I gulped. The person seemed to have felt me tense up as they pulled back.

"Sorry," they muttered and by the voice it's my grandfather, I got out of the bed I had been in for weeks and walked to the window. I sat on the window sill and brought my knees to my chest, hugging them tightly and laying my head on my arms. I sat silently watching the rain fall. 

An hour had passed and I hadn't moved. I knew Logan would be back soon which caused me to actually look around the room. The police officers and my grandfather were still in the room which sucked. I always had someone in the room with me after all I was on suicide watch at the moment. 

The sound of the door clicking open made me jump up, I looked at the door like a dog waiting for its beloved owner to come home and pet it. I watched the tall brunette man walk in and shut the door behind him, he looked straight at my bed first and a hint of panic slowly laced his face and then he looked over at me from the window. A relieved sigh escaped his mouth and he walked over to me.

"What are you doing sitting here?" he asks.

I shrugged and moved closer to him, hugging him tightly. He sighs slightly and patted my head.

"Will you talk to them?" I shook my head at his question. "Why?" 

"I'm scared," I say quietly, holding him tighter. 

"Nothing bad will happen,"he states, I looked up at him "I promise you,"he says. I nodded an ok and he lifted me up bridal style and laid me on what had been my bed for weeks.

I sat looking down and stared at my lap. Silence covered the room like a blanket as I tried to convince myself that it was ok to say something and he wasn't going to hurt me not now and not ever again. 

The door opened again and Melanie walked in, she had left about ten minutes ago to get a drink. She sat on the end of my bed crossing her legs. I slowly looked at her to see her look away from me. I sigh and look down and take a deep breath.

"How about you just tell us what happened the night you came into the hospital? And you can tell us the rest another day when you are more wanting to talk," the blonde suggested, giving me a sympathetic look.

I nodded "he called me out of school and when he picked me up, he didn't say anything but I knew what he was going to do..."

*-Flashback-

I got in the car and looked at my father to see him glaring at me. I gulped and put on my seatbelt and sat perfectly still. I felt his hand touch the side of my face, I flinched slightly but he didn't care. He tucked a bit of hair behind my ear and then moved his hand to my leg. I moved my leg away from him which caused him to growl. Even though he growled at me he still moved his hand back to the steering wheel and started the car.

The car hummed to life and we drove home. The car ride was silent which meant he was in the worst mood possible. I unknowingly got out of the car and walked to the door closely behind him. He walked in and I walked in after him. 

"Sit down," he snapped. I sat down on the couch and looked up at him to watch him walk into the kitchen. After so long he returned with a glass of water and placed it in front of me and some pills. I looked at them then at him. "What have you done today?" he asks.

"Just lessons," I mutter.

"Tell me the truth," he snapped.

"I told the teacher you hate, everything you have done to me and then I had sex with Tyler," I state looking at him. His mouth went wide and then closed and went into a thin line. A small smile crept along my face. I 
had lied because we didn't have sex. 

-End of flashback-*

###chapter 7
###chapter 7

"That's when he started hitting me,"

"Why did you tell him that if you knew he was going to hurt you?" asked the blonde officer. My psychiatrist looked at me.

"Something snapped," she states "didn't it Megan?" 

I nodded "he said he was going to kill me if I ever told anyone or if I ever had sex with someone else other than him so I decided to tell him both to guarantee my death," I state "I knew that once he had killed me he'd have nothing to do and he'd be suffering," I state. "I taunted him throughout the beating and when he raped me telling him he wouldn't get what he wanted from me. I knew the more I taunted him the angrier he would get so I told him more and well I had a recording of me and Tyler and I made him listen but..." they all looked at me.

"But what?" Melanie asked as I was looking at her.

I gulped and looked down at my lap "but he stopped when he realised how much I hated him and he threatened to hurt one of my friends," I slowly started to cry more.

"Which friend?" the police officer asked.

I slowly raised my hand and pointed to Melanie "He said if I didn't communicate with him better he would pay her a visit,he says I was boring him and he wanted to try out a blonde,"

"What did you do?" Melanie asked. I looked at her to see her eyes slowly welling up.

"I told him not to go near you but he wouldn't listen so I consented to him," I cut off when I saw her cry more. I gulped and looked down at my lap. "I'm sorry," I say quietly "but I had to because if I didn't he would have hurt you and I didn't want him hurting you," Melanie wiped her tears and got off my bed.

"I need to go," she said quietly and walked out of the room faster than I could have said her name. I looked down at my lap crying harder.

"Then what happened?" asked the police officer. I let out a shaky breath.

"Well he just did what he always did and at one point used his gun on me," I say quietly. I heard the woman gasp "and well I don't know what time it was but then Logan walked in and well I don't really remember that much," she states.

"She was nearly passed out when I came," Logan stated.

"Ok," the police officer said and stood up "ok thank you so much Megan I know that was hard for you to do," she says and walked out with her tape recorder. I looked at Logan to see him smile slightly at me and then look down at my hands.

"I didn't want to," I say looking at him.

"I know,"he says sitting on my bed taking my hands in his, "you did it to save your friend,"he says "no one's going to judge you for that,"he states. 

"But..."

"No buts if anyone has a problem with it they can answer to me now stop crying,"he says wiping my cheeks

"Megan, we need to tell you something," my grandfather said. I looked at him "I have found you somewhere to stay that isn't with me,"he states "Logan has offered to look after you until you are stable to be on your own,"he states. My eyes widened slightly and I looked at Logan "but you have to visit me every Sunday and you have to go see the psychiatrist every Wednesday,"he states.

"Ok," I say quietly "why do I have to see you?" I ask, looking at him.

"Because I want to be more involved in your life and well your uncle won't be very happy if I tell him I'm having no contact with you,"he states 

"Ok," 

"Do we have a deal?" he asks

"Yeah," I say, laying my head back and yawning.

"When was the last time you slept?" he asks.

"I don't know," I say lying back.

He sighs and moves on to something else "I have arranged for a nurse to visit you everyday to change the bandages and to observe you and see how you are doing physically,"he states. "And she will do that until you are well," 

"Ok," I say quietly. There was no point in me arguing with him when I didn't have the energy to and he would most likely win anyway.

----

We slowly walked into the house I'd now be staying in with Logan. It wasn't exactly small to say only two people were staying in it. It had four bedrooms and three on sweets, a games room and a study and that was only upstairs, downstairs there was a giant kitchen and living room, a dining room, a gym and an indoor swimming pool. In the garden was another swimming pool, a pool house a tennis court and a Jacuzzi.

I walked up the giant staircase and turned towards my bedroom. I had been here before when I was five and my grandparents lived here for about a year while they refurbished their mansion. 

"Megan where are you going?" asked my grandfather. I ignored him and went straight to my room. I opened it to see it had been painted a different colour to what it was last time.

The wall with the window and balcony was painted a dark purple and the other three walls were a magnolia colour. The windows were framed with cream colour curtains that had dark purple swirl design on the bottom that faded the higher the swirls went. A king size bed was placed in the middle of the room facing me, a dressing table at the right between the walk-in wardrobe door and the bathroom door. I then saw my old piano at the left with the violin stand next to it. The carpet was a dark purple colour matching the wall to the north. 

I slowly walked to my piano and sat down on the stool while looking at the black panel that covered the keys. Gliding my hands over it I lifted it up to reveal the off white shiny keys. I lightly skimmed my fingers across each one and let out a small sigh while looking down at them as old memories of playing this with my mother stood at the side of me filled my mind.

"You don't play anymore do you?" I heard someone say. I turned to see my Grandfather standing at the doorway.

"No," I simply said and stood.

"You played beautifully if I remember correctly,"he states. I didn't say anything in return, I just shut the cover "You stopped when your mom died, you should play again," 

"No I shouldn't and I want you to get rid of it," I snapped and walked into the bathroom slamming the door behind me. 

I ran my hand through my hair and slid down the door to the cold dark grey granite tiled floor. I pulled my knees to my chest and laid my head on them and slowly and silently started crying. 

---

I walked off to the living room; I only visited this house yesterday so I knew where most things were. I sat and rubbed my leg, it killed but I was restricted to two pills a day and the first barely got me through the morning. I didn't really bother going after Megan, she obviously wanted to be on her own and well people just had to be patient with her. She may seem ok one moment and will be crying silently the next. She didn't like crying but I had told her it was ok to cry. I'd probably would have committed suicide by now but she's stronger than me. 

"She's locked herself in the bathroom," I heard Carlton say. I shrugged and lent my head back "Do you not care?" he asks.

"Yes but have you ever thought she just might want to be on her own," I state while looking at the powerful looking man.

"Ok," he sighs "but what if she's in there forever?"

"She'll come out when she's ready," I state. "There's nothing in there she can hurt herself with, so she'll most likely get a shower and then get dressed and come downstairs once she feels comfortable." I stated and stood up "did you go food shopping before we moved in?" I ask .

"Yes," 

"Good I'm starving," I say and walked into the kitchen to make myself something to eat.

---

A few hours had passed and I was lying on the couch watching a movie. Megan hadn't come downstairs yet. I had heard the shower run and it ran for about 2 hours and then it turned off and that was around half an hour ago. 

The sound of the door opening slowly and then closing made me open my eyes. I sigh and close my eyes again. After so many seconds I didn't hear anything.

"Logan," she says quietly. I opened my eyes to see her face all red from crying and her eyes were just bloodshot now. I slowly sat up looking at her. "I didn't mean to," she says quietly.

"Didn't mean to what?" I ask . 

She pulled her jumper off her to reveal her skin red almost blood red. I moved my hand to hers but she moved her hand away from me.

"I just wanted to stop feeling his hands on me and it wouldn't go," she says crying. I sigh and looked at her. She had scrubbed her skin with one of the washing appliances until her skin bled it seemed.

"I'll phone the nurse," I said and got up to get the phone.

"You're angry," she states. I sigh and dial the number for the nurse. "I understand," she says quietly. I sigh and look away from her. I wasn't angry I was more upset for her and well unlike some people I didn't show it much.

"I'm not angry," I state and listened to the phone ring. "Hey," I say quietly down the phone "I need you to come by as soon as possible," I say to the nurse.

"What's happened?" The nurse asked.

"She's hurt herself," I say quietly.

"Ok I'll be there as soon as I can," the nurse stated and hung up. I turned and put the phone down while looking at Megan. She had her jumper back on and she was fiddling with her fingers while crying. I took a deep breath and sat on the coffee table while facing her.

"Megan," I say quietly. She looked at me still crying "It's ok I'm far from angry with you," I state. She looked down at her lap and let out a loud sob.

"I can't do this," she cried "I..." she didn't finish what she was about to say she just cried harder. "Every bit of me hurts," she says.

"I know," I say quietly and slowly took her hands "and if I could make it all stop hurting Megan I would, but I can't and I'm sorry for that," I say "All I can do is be here for you and I actually feel useless at the moment," she looked at me as I say that, I moved next to her on the couch looking at her. "I know it may seem like forever away at the moment but everything will be better," I say with a small smile.

Megan slowly looked away from me and looked at the television "You were asleep when I came down," she says changing the subject.

"I wasn't, I was resting my eyes," I state.


###chapter 8
My body shot up once I heard the screams. I climbed out of my bed and ran to her room as fast as I could, pain striking through my leg like lightning as soon as I started running. I ignored it, knowing the screams weren't going to stop till I got to her. Flinging her door open I ran to her bed to see her eyes squeezed shut, tears flowing out of them and her body soaked in sweat, I pulled back her bed sheets and started to shake her awake  while saying her name.

Her body flung up and she inhaled a big breath of air as if she had just come out from under water. Her eyes wide and full of fear like prey facing its predator. She moved as quickly as she could away from me. Her body slid off her bed and into the corner. Her gaze fixed on me as if it was me she was scared of. 

I gulped and moved closer to her "leave me alone," she yelled. I went to say her name when she said something. "Please," she cried "n...no m...more," she stuttered out of fear. Fear of me and only me.

She watched me like a hawk as I stood off her bed and walked away from her to the door. Once out of her room I quickly made my way to the phone and dialled her psychiatrist's number.

"Hello," she said sleepily.

"I'm sorry to wake you up at this hour but, it's Megan she's urm..."

"How's she acting?" She asks

"Well, I think she had a nightmare but for some reason it's like she hasn't woken up from it, I mean, I woke her up but she's crying and talking to me as if it's not me," I explained "does that make sense?" I ask .

"Sort of," she said and then there was silence "is she doing it now?"

"I'll check,"

"Try and make sure she doesn't see you,"

"Ok," I said and walked back to her room to see her still sitting in the corner and talking as if someone was in front of her. "Yes," I state.

"Ok, I will be there as soon as I can," she said and hung up. I sigh and walk over to Megan but sat on the bed so I was quite a distance from her.

"I want Logan," she muttered. I frowned while looking at her.

"I'm right here Megan," her head shot at me. She stood and ran into my arms hugging me tightly.

"I'm scared," she said quietly.

"It was just a bad dream Megan," I said quietly "nothing and no one is going to hurt you,"

"But he," I cut her off.

"Megan look at me, he is not here, he is very far away and nowhere near you, I'm here and I'm here to protect you so even if he was here he'd have to go through me to get to you," I state "understand?"

"Yeah," she said quietly.  I sigh in relief and take the phone from my pocket and dial the number again.

"Hey me again, it's ok now, I just don't think she realised it was a dream...urm I'm again sorry for waking you,"

"Ok," she said in relief that she didn't have to drive in the cold night "as long as she's ok,"

"She's ok," I said looking at Megan "night," I said and hung up putting the phone down on the bedside table. I moved my arms around her, hugging her tightly to my chest.

"Please don't leave me," Megan muttered.

"I won't don't worry," I said and pulled her onto the bed. "Do you want to stay here or move to a different room?" I ask . She looked around the room and then stood up taking my hand. I smiled slightly and let her lead me to the room she wanted to sleep in. 

My eyebrows knitted together as she pulled me into my room, which was only next door to hers. She pulled me towards my now messed up bed and climbed into my bed and sat down with the covers on her lap.

"This is my bed," I state "do you realise that?" I ask . She nodded looking at me very innocently as if not realising that if anyone knew she was in my bed right now there would be a lot of questions asked. She scooted to the side and patted the space next to her while looking at me. I chuckled a little at how cute she looked and got in next to her. 

---Next Morning---

Tired did not describe how I felt as I walked down the stairs yawning. When I woke Megan was gone from my bed. Whether she had slept all night or not I don't know, but it was worrying that she was up before me when it wasn't even eight o'clock yet. 

I walked into the kitchen to see her sitting on a stool at the breakfast bar with a mug in her hands. She pulled the mug away from her lip and looked at me. "Morning," I said, she muttered a reply to me and looked down at the table. "Have you had breakfast?" I ask .

"No," she said quietly and stood "I'm not hungry,"

"You have to eat something," I said standing at the breakfast bar opposite her, "you didn't eat anything last night either," I state.

"I'm not hungry," she said, walking to the sink and pouring out the liquid in her mug.

"You may not be but you still have to eat something," I said watching her. She looked me in the eyes and that's when I noticed how bloodshot they were. "Did you sleep at all last night?" I ask . She shook her head.

"I couldn't get to sleep after the nightmare so I came down here once you fell asleep," she states. I sighed and walked over to her.

"Did you take any sleeping tablets?"

"Yeah but they didn't work," she said. I frowned and sniffed up a little, I could smell something peculiar. I walked to the sink and lifted the mug she was holding before and sniffed it. My eyes watered from how strong the smell was.

"You're not supposed to drink alcohol while taking the sleeping tablets," I said, turning to look at her. 

She shrugged her shoulders and walked off. I shook my head and put the mug back in the sink and started to make myself something to eat.

----

"Do you want to go out later?" I asked  Megan as I looked at her. She shook her head and continued watching television. I wasn't due back at work for another two weeks and Megan wasn't back in school for another three and even then she would only be going to a few lessons a week. Her psychologist had said she wasn't stable enough to do the full thirty hours of school so she would do a maximum of twenty.

"Logan," she said, sitting up and looking at me. It was around six o'clock now and the nurse had been and given her her medication and checked her physically. I looked at her "How come you agreed to live with me?" she asked "why didn't you just say no and have me stay with my grandfather?" 

"Because I care for you and don't think it would be fair on you to live with someone who you dislike even if he is your grandfather," I said. That was a relatively easy question.

"Oh and you don't mind the fact I'm some mental freak," she said.

"You're not a mental freak and I wouldn't really mind if you were because we all have demons, I know I do," I state. She frowned and gave me a confused look "yes I have demons Megan," I said.

"What sort?" she asks.

"I was in rehab not long ago," I said looking at her, "to battle my depression and anger and some other issues," I state "you've seen me smoke haven't you?" I ask . She nodded "well I don't smoke cigarettes I smoke marijuana but that is because I actually have to smoke it to calm me down," I paused "when I was in rehab they did tests and tried everything to control my anger to see what made me calm down and in the end they found it was that, that calmed me down the most. So when I have something on my mind that irritates me I have a small smoke of that." I explained. "But it's only a little one like I mix it with tobacco but I have such a little amount in it you can't always smell it," I state. 

"Hmm," she said and looked at the television again "I remember the first time I tried marijuana, it was in November," she states "I actually came into school high as a kite," she said with a small smirk "Melanie saw me and actually forced me to skip school because of it. I didn't go home though, I hadn't been home the night before I stayed out all night and well I hardly remember most of that night," she said.

"I don't really condone smoking it every day though," I said looking at her. She nodded showing she agreed and then rested her head on her knees while looking at me.

"You know I don't know that much about you," she states.

"What would you like to know?" I ask .

"What made you become a teacher?" 

"I like children...well teenagers as I understand teenagers more but I don't know, it's an easy thing for me to go into, my grades were outstanding if I say so myself and well I did the course while in rehab," I said smiling slightly.

"Oh ok, do you drink a lot?" she asks

"Only when I go out with friends and probably once in a blue moon on a weekend at home," I answered.

"So there's no chance of me coming home with you half cut?" she asks

"Nope," I said, shaking my head.

"Good...urm I'm sorry about last night," she states looking at me.

"It's ok," I said. She smiled and looked down "do you want to tell me what it was about?" I ask 

"Benjamin," she muttered, "it was just a nightmare though so it's fine," she said, trying her best to convince herself. I sigh and move next to her. 

"It was you're right but a nightmare can still affect you," I said "and it did affect you because you didn't get back to sleep did you and well by what I found this morning you tried to deal with it by having a sly drink," I state.

"Hmm,"

"Which is ok but it can't be a permanent solution," I said.

"So what am I supposed to do, because I've been getting the nightmares since I woke up in hospital," she said now looking at me

"Honestly I don't know but every time you get one don't be afraid to come and tell me," I said. She sighs and takes my hand.

"It's sort of amazing how I wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for you," she said and rested her head on my shoulder. 

"Hmm," I said, moving my arm around her. "It is sort of amazing," I said, mimicking what she had said. "Now come on we'll watch a movie but a funny one to get you out of this gloom fest," I said smirking and picking up the remote.

"I'm sorry," she said quietly. I rolled my eyes at her and flicked through Netflix for a movie.

"Now this is an amazing movie," I said holding up 'Mean Girls' "and this one is amazing too," I said and flicked to 'White Chicks' 

"Hmm yes they both fall into the amazing category," I chuckled slightly "but white chicks falls into the awesomely amazing," she said tilting her head with a matter of fact expression on her face and tone of voice.

"White chicks it is," I said and sat back on the couch next to her and she placed her head on my shoulder and then moved my arm around her shoulders. She then started to get comfy and moved her arm around me.

"I feel safer now," she said quietly. 

"Good," I said and kissed the top of her head.  
###chapter 9
**Logan**

Megan was now laid on my chest fast asleep, her legs entwined with mine. She had fallen asleep half way through the film and was now out cold. I had moved the blanket from the back of the couch over her as soon as she fell asleep on me like this.

I turned the TV off now the movie had finished and slowly sat up while holding her up being careful not to wake her. She stirred but went silent when I stopped moving. I moved from underneath her and let her rest on the back rest of the couch. I stood and then picked her up bridal style; she stirred once more as we exited the lounge. 

Making my way to her bedroom she stirred again but this time woke fully. She lifted her head up off my shoulder and looked around. 

"I don't want to sleep in there," she said tiredly. I looked at her "can I sleep with you?" she asks.

"Urm...yeah," I said, a little surprised by what she asked. I turned and walked to my room which was opposite her room but a little further away. 

"Thank you," she said quietly and placed her head back on my shoulder.  I walked into my room and placed her on my bed and pulled back the covers on the other side and slowly and gently moved her onto the side that was now exposed and then covered her with the bed covers. 

I pulled my top off and then took my jeans off so I was just in my boxers. I threw my clothes into the wash basket and took some joggers from my drawer and pulled them on and moved onto the bed but stayed on top of the covers and moved my arm round her taking her hand in mine. 

"I thought you were leaving me for a second," she muttered.

"No, I won't ever leave you," I said quietly and moved closer to her. 

"Good because I don't know what I'd do if you ever did," she said twining her fingers with mine

"No need to worry," I said and kissed the back of her head. She smiled and slowly went back to sleep. I smiled and within fifteen minutes I too was asleep. 

I sat watching her trying to make sure she didn't notice. It was Tuesday night and I doubt she had slept since Saturday night judging by how many times she's caught herself asleep. Anyone else would have laughed at how many times her head jerked up from falling but I couldn't laugh. I was worried. I had already suggested for her to go up to bed twice but she wasn't having it. 

Tenth time now. I sigh and stand "C'mon," I said moving towards her. She looked up at me "you're off to bed,"

She shook her head "No...No I'm ok,"

"No you're not and you need some sleep,"

"No I don't, I slept last night,"

"No you didn't and you didn't sleep the night before that, you haven't slept since you slept in my bed," I state. She looked away from me. "You can sleep in my bed if you like and if you start to have a nightmare I'll wake you up," I suggested.

"You're willing to stay up the whole night making sure I don't have a nightmare?" she asks

"As long as it means you get some sleep, yes," I state sternly. She sighs and stood up and as she stood the doorbell went. She sat back down and I walked to the door. I opened the door to see Tyler standing there.

"Hey,"he says.

"Hey," 

"I see your leg has healed."he said looking down at my legs.

"Yeah you could have said that," I paused. "What do you want?" 

"Urm sorry, I came to see Megan," 

"Why didn't you see her in the hospital?" I ask  folding my arms.

"I was in hospital,"he said quietly "I was also banned from seeing her,"he states. I frowned slightly "I haven't exactly been in a good condition,"

"Yeah neither has she," 

"I know it sounds like I'm making this shit up and that I didn't want to see her but I did I just wasn't allowed," 

"Why?"

"Because I got sectioned ok!" he snapped. I raised my eyebrows slightly. "I suffer from schizophrenia and a few days after she was in hospital I was sectioned as I wasn't taking my medication and I was drinking and well let's just say I have a lot of apologising to do,"he states.  "I've only been out about a week and I've been banned from seeing her. So can I see her please?"

"I'll see if she wants to see you?" I state 

"Thank you,"he said, relieved. 

I walked back into the living room to see her lying there with her eyes closed. I sigh and sit on top of the couch.

"Tyler's at the door for you," I state. Her eyes slowly opened and she looked up at me. "Do you want to see him?" She sighs and sits up.

"Yeah," she said, getting up off the couch and walking off to the door. I sigh and drop onto the couch. I suddenly hated that boy with a passion.

----Megan

I stood in front of Tyler. He was in his usual baggy jeans and tight top; he had lost weight since I last saw him. He smiled at me and I looked away from him. 

"Melanie told me about you being sectioned," I state.

"Yeah, but I'm ok now,"he said, moving closer to me.

"Are you stupid?" I asked  him. He gave me a confused look.

"What possessed you Tyler to stop taking your meds?" I snapped. He looked down and away from me "I swear you lose brain cells every day," 

"I'm sorry,"he said, walking over to me. "But I'm ok now and I'm taking them again and I'm not going to stop taking them," he went to move his hands around my waist but I moved out of his grasp.

"Ok," I said quietly.

"And now that you're out of that hell, we can be together like old times," he states.

"We can't," I mutter. He looked at me "We can't be together Tyler,"

"Why not?" 

"Because I'm not ready for us to be together I'm not ready for any relationship," I paused "I'm not saying it's you Tyler it's me I can't stand it when people touch me or if anyone comes too close to me,"

"But you can live with a guy you've known for about five months?" he asks. I sigh and sit on the bottom step.

"You wouldn't understand," I mutter "he's the only person I trust,"

"So you don't trust me?" 

"I'm not saying that," I said quietly

"Yes you are,"

"What do you want from me Tyler?" I ask  "look at the state of me, I'm a mess," I state "I don't sleep, I don't eat and this is probably the most I've talked since I woke up in hospital for the first time," I snapped.

"Ok,"he says.

"I just need you as a friend at the moment," I said looking up at him.

"Ok," he said "I understand," 

"Good," I said standing up.

"I'm glad you're ok,"he said quietly "and I should of told someone straight away I mean I know it would have been breaking the promise I made but it would have stopped everything and I could have lost you and,"

"Tyler," I said, cutting in. He looked at me "it's ok you were just doing what I told you to do," I said smiling. He smiled and went to hug me but I stepped back and just held my hand out. He muttered a sorry and shook my hand. "I'm working on my contact," I said quietly. He smiled and just shook my hand once more. I smiled slightly and watched him walk away from me and out of the door. 

I dropped back on the step and rested my head on my knees and hugged myself. My stomach hurt like hell and I knew why. I'm surprised Logan hasn't force fed me yet with the fact I've only eaten a handful of grapes since being here. It wasn't that I didn't want to eat, I was scared to.

"I'm gonna have to put you on a drip if you don't start eating something soon," I heard him say. I looked at him. He sighs "did he upset you?" he asks.

"No," I mumbled and hid my face from him. 

"What's your favourite food?" he asks, his voice sounding closer than before.

"Nothing," I mumbled.

"Megan,"

"I don't have a favourite, not anymore," I said moving my head up a little so I could see where he was and he was knelt in front of me, his blue eyes staring back at me. He moved his hand onto mine and slowly moved my hand off my knee and held my hand. 

"Why won't you eat something?" he asks.

"Bad things happen when I eat," I state. 

"What bad things will happen?"

"If I put weight on,"

"Nothing bad will happen I promise you,"he states. I looked at him "have I broken any promises to you?" he asked. I slowly shook my head. "Well then?" he asks "are you going to eat some toast for me?"

"I need to sleep," I said quietly.

"Well it's half six so do you want to have an hour nap and have something to eat and then go back to bed?" he asks "and well you have to be up around ten tomorrow as you have a session with the psychologist." I sigh 

"I know you don't want to go but you have to, I'm still seeing my physio which I don't think I need to do as I'm walking now I may be limping but I'm walking, but I guess it's more to make sure everything is working properly,"he states to himself. 

"Your leg hurts a lot though doesn't it?" I ask . He nodded "I'm sorry," I said quietly. He sighed and stroked my hand with his thumb. He then moved his hand out of mine and to my head slowly running his fingers through my hair as he looked into my eyes. I smiled and felt myself blush.

"Come on,"he said slowly, standing up and moving his hand into mine and pulling me up. I stood and walked with him back into the living room. Logan ushered me to the couch and I sat down. "Lay down," he ordered. I smiled slightly and lay on my side; he pulled a blanket over me and ruffled my hair. "Now go to sleep," he yawned.

"You haven't slept either," I said looking at him.

"I have just not a lot,"he says. I sigh and opened the blanket to him "Megan its fine," I still held the blanket out at him. He sighs slightly and smiles as he gets in next to me. "You know if we both fall asleep we're not going to get up," 

"We will," I said and laid still. He moved his arms around my shoulders and pulled me close to him. I sigh and close my eyes as I move closer to him until my head touches his chest. I wasn't scared to sleep when he was near me and I had a feeling I wouldn't have a nightmare as long as he was near me. I know that as long as he is near me I am safe and nothing will hurt me.
###chapter 10
**Logan**

"You'll be ok," I said to Megan as I held both her hands in front of her "just tell her what you've done since you got out of hospital and how you've felt. Ok?" I ask . She nodded, still looking down at her feet. "I have to go somewhere but I'll be back in time to pick you up ok?" she nodded once more and hugged me. I hugged her back and kissed the top of her head. 

"Promise you'll come back?" she asks.

"I promise," I said and pulled away. She smiled and looked up at me "don't be so nervous she's only there to listen for you to tell her things you feel you can't tell other people. Ok?" she nodded and walked to the door. I watched her open the door and then shut it quietly behind her. I took a deep breath and walked out of the office and out of the building to my car. I sigh and start the car. It hummed to life once I turned the ignition and I pulled out of my parking spot and drove to the hospital. 

---

Walking into her hospital room I felt sudden guilt, I didn't want to do this but I knew it had to be done. She turned to look at me and I gave her a small smile. Her dark brown hair had been neatly brushed and her light brown eyes lighting up as I sat on her bed. 

"I love you," I said quietly. 

She smiled, "I love you too," she paused, "I'm guessing you're ready now?" she asks. I nodded and looked her in the eyes.

"I'll never stop loving you," 

"You will, just never forget me and how much you have loved me," she said smiling. "If you cry I'm going to haunt you," she said smiling.

"I hope you do haunt me," I said smiling. She giggled slightly and I moved down and kissed her on the lips.

"Logan don't be so sad," she said, pulling away and smiling at me.

"How do you expect me to feel I'm about to kill my wife unwillingly," I said looking down at her.

"No you're not, I'm already dead," she states. I sigh and pressed the nurse button at the side of her bed and looked down at her. "You're doing the best thing," she said quietly. A small smile came on my face as I took her hand. "You can move on and I can be at peace. It's a win, win situation Logan and you will see that," she states. I nodded slightly as I knew she was right. A nurse walked into the room and looked at us both.

"Can you tell the doctor we're ready for him to turn it off," I said quietly. I looked at the nurse to see her looking a little shocked "please," I mumbled. She nodded and left the room. 

"I like my coffin by the way," Stephanie suddenly said. I glared at her, "I'm sorry," she said quietly. 

"Don't be," I said and kissed her again. "I love how you can be so calm in situations like this," I said and kissed her again. I pulled back once I heard the door open again, I looked to see the doctor, he gave me a weak smile and then I noticed the nurses stood watching. 

"They're a nosy lot," Kate said quietly, I chuckled and hugged her. 

"Are you ready," the silver haired doctor asked as he moved to the bypass machine. I looked at Stephanie and kissed her once more.

"I love you," 

"I love you too," she said and then I saw it. Her eyes filled with tears, I gulped trying to stop myself from crying too. I looked at the doctor and nodded. He took a deep breath and I looked back at her. I leaned in and kissed her.

"I love you," I said once more and hugged her "and I'll miss you," 

"I'll miss you too," she said faintly. I looked at her as I hugged her and I saw her eyes close and I felt her body go limp in my arms and the only sound in the room was the heart monitor's flatline tone. I gulped still trying to hold back my tears but it didn't work. They still spilled slowly. 

After several minutes I slowly sat up and moved her hair from her face. She looked so delicate and so peaceful but mostly just beautiful. I leaned forward and pecked her cold lips. I sigh at not feeling her lips move against mine. I stood and watched as the doctor moved the white sheet over her head. I moved my hand to her hand and slowly took her ring off. She had made me promise to take it off and give it to my next love, she read too much about grave robbers to be truthful. I smiled at the memory of when she told me to take it off for her finger. She had read some sort of article in a newspaper at the time about people robbing graves and people who buried a coffin and how they opened it up and took out any jewelry the person was wearing. She didn't half make me laugh that day.

I wiped my face and turned to see the nurses that had looked after her and that I had gotten to know since she had been in hospital, crying their hearts out. I took a deep breath and walked out of the room expecting them all to have a go at me and instead I was bombarded with hugs and people asking me if I was ok.

"If you need anything," one of them said "we'll happily help you," she says.

"I'm fine I just need to be on my own," I said "I hope you all come to her funeral though," I say.

"We're definitely coming, idiot," a blonde one snapped. I smiled weakly and slowly started to make my way away from them.

"I need to be on my own ok?" I ask . They all nodded and gave me one last hug and I made my way out of the hospital. 

Once at my car I sat in it quietly, not moving. I clenched my fists and punched the steering wheel and before I knew it I was crying. I growled and started the car. I pulled out of the parking lot and opened up my glove box to take out my tobacco tin. I opened it as I pulled up to some traffic lights and quickly made myself a cigarette with more weed than I would normally have. A lot more. 

---

Walking out of my psychologist's office I looked around the waiting area to see Logan wasn't here. I frowned and looked at my psychologists.

"I will see you next week Megan," she said smiling. 

"O...ok," I stuttered and looked around again to see a middle aged man walking into the waiting room. I frowned as I recognised him.

"Megan,"he says. I gave him a confused look "Logan sent me to come and get you," I frowned again "it's me Eric I lived opposite you,"

"Oh yeah," I mumbled "where's Loganhe said he was going to be here," 

"He's in jail,"

"What!" I was  shocked.

"I'll take you to see him he just told me to come and get you,"he states

"Ok," I said quietly and I walked slowly behind him out of the waiting room and followed him to his car which was a land rover. I climbed in the back that was when I noticed his wife in the back. I looked at her and she gave me a small smile. I didn't say anything, I just put on my seat belt and looked down at my lap. 

After about ten minutes we were outside the police station. I looked out the window and then looked away. I unbuckle the seatbelt and opened the car door and climbed out. They both looked at me as I walked over to them. I tucked a piece of hair behind my ear as I walked up the path behind them. 

Once in the police station I followed Lynn who was following a police officer who was taking us to Logan. Eric had gone to sign papers and get him bail. After a minute or so we stood outside a cell. I looked in but couldn't see him. I frowned and moved in front of them to see he was sat on the floor by the north wall next to the two bunk beds. It was only him in the cell which was different as you normally see on TV shows several men. 

"Logan," I said quietly. He looked up and looked straight at me. My expression turned to shock when I saw blood on his eyebrow and his bust lip. I then noticed the cuts and blood on his knuckles. He stood up and walked over to me. I gulped when I smelt the alcohol. How did he get like this within three hours not even that. 

"Logan," Lynn said. I looked at her to see how disappointed she was. 

"Is he getting me out?" he asks her, slurring his words slightly. 

"Yeah," she said, nodding and walking off. He looked at me and then away while shaking his head and walking over to the bed. He sat down on it and rubbed his face and let out a low growl.

"Are you ok?" I ask . His eyes slowly moved towards me.

"The other guy is a lot worse," he practically snapped.

"I didn't mean like that," I say.

"No I'm not," he snapped. I looked down at my feet and looked at the police officer.

"Can I go in and see him?" I ask . He tilted his head in decision.

"I will accidently keep this gate unlocked,"he said and quickly unlocked it and walked off. I smiled and opened the metal bar gate and walked over to him.

"Can I have a hug?" he asks looking up at me. I nodded and got down on my knees and hugged him. He hugged me back but tighter "I'm sorry,"he said quietly. I remained silent "he shouldn't have brought you here for you to see me like this,"he states. I sigh and hug him tighter "I'm not that drunk,"he said quietly.

"I know," I said "you can walk in a straight line that's sober enough for me," I said and silence laced over us.

"Megan,"he said quietly. 

"Yeah?" I ask 

"Is it wrong for me to say I want to kiss you right now," he said and slowly pulled back to look at me. I went to say something but nothing came out, that had taken me by surprise. "Because I do so badly it's indescribababllle," I giggled at how he said 'indescribable'. He laughs too and rests his forehead against mine.

"It's not wrong," I said quietly "but for you to kiss me in a police station that is very risky business," 

"So I have to wait till we are at home?" he asks. I nodded and he smiled "I think I can do that,"he said with a charming smirk and kissed my forehead.

"Good," I said and stood up. "I have to go back out there," I said and walked out of the cell and shut it behind me. I turned and looked at him to see he had his head in his hands. I sigh, I was confused. He was okay when he left me and now he's in a state, he looked like he had been crying and I dread to think how he got all those cuts. 

"Logan," a voice holding authority said walking in. I looked to see it was the guy who had left the cell unlocked. He walked over and pretended to unlock it and then held it open for Logan. 

Logan walked out stumbling a little and then smiled at me. He then followed the police officer out and I followed closely behind. He was a little drunk I had to admit maybe not as much as what he can be but he was drunk. 

We got out to the reception and they gave Logan his stuff back and told him he had a warning and all this other stuff which I didn't listen to. I was thinking about what he had said to me, he looked dead serious when 
he said it but I didn't know whether to take it seriously or not I didn't know. 

Walking down the path I saw Eric grab Logan by his arm but Logan pushed him away from him and then told him to go away but in a more unpleasant way. I raised my eyebrows slightly and carried on following them. I barely heard Logan ever swear, a couple of times I have heard him say the word 'shit' but that isn't swearing. 

Logan got in the car in the back and I got in after him. Then Lynn got in the front. 

"Take us home," Logan said, shadowing his eyes but I could tell he had them closed.

"You're staying with us tonight," I heard Eric say.

"No we're not. Take us home," he demanded

"I would much rather go home," I said quietly. They sigh and look at me "Sorry," I said and looked at my lap. 

"Fine," Eric said, defeated and drove in the direction of mine and Logan's house.

I felt Logan take my hand and hold it tightly. I looked at him to see him give me that devilish handsome smirk of his. I gulped and blushed while turning away from him. I had remembered what he had said to me right before I passed out. When he told me he loved me, I didn't think it was true and it was just because he thought he was going to die, I just didn't believe it. The worst thing was I couldn't feel the same way as my love had been used against me and loving someone again seemed impossible for me.
###chapter 11
**Megan**

I looked at Logan. Eric and Lynn had left and Logan was now sat on the couch with his head up so he was facing the ceiling. I sigh as he hadn't said a word since he told Eric to go away. He looked like a statue. He was so still. It was almost scary as I wasn't used to him like this, I was normally the one acting strange.

"Megan," he suddenly said. I blinked out of my daze and looked at him to see him looking at me. "Do you want to go out?"

"Urm..." I gulped a little.

"We'll go out in the city and I'll pay for your drinks and if anyone tries it on with you or starts with you I'll kill them. I'm sort of a master in that at the moment,"he said tilting his head.

"Urm no you've had quite a bit to drink and it'd be a bad idea if you get anymore alcohol in your system," I say.

"Ok,"he said and looked back at the ceiling and then looked back at me "come here,"he said, wafting his arm to me. I looked at him and I just saw this image of my father. I squeezed my eyes shut and sat down on the couch he was sitting on but sat a space away from him. "You're amazing,"he said, smiling at me; I remained silent and looked at the TV that was on low. There was an old episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation on as usual. "But you won't admit it will you?" he asked and it seemed he wanted an answer.

"Not really," I mumbled. He then stood up and walked off into the kitchen. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. I don't know why I saw my father for that moment but it was something he did because Logan has been nothing but gentle with me.

I then felt his hand on my head. I looked up to see him look down at me and smile and then hold a bottle of vodka to his lips. I sigh a little and look away from him. I stood and took the bottle off him.

"What are you doing?" he asks

"You can't have any more to drink,"

"Why the hell not?"he said, raising his voice. I closed my eyes and opened them again and walked away from him and then he grabbed my arm "Give it back," he snapped and went to snatch it out of my hands.

"No Logan please just stop," I said and moved fully away from him. His blue eyes glared at me as if he hated me.

"Why?" he hissed "Why the fuck should I?" 

"Because you're scaring me," I said quietly and everything fell silent just the TV making noise. 

He sighs and I put the vodka bottle down on the glass coffee table. I wiped my cheek and went to walk away when I felt him take my arm and pull me to him. His arms came round me and held me tightly. I closed my eyes and hugged him back.

"I'm so sorry,"he said and kissed the top of my head. I sigh and just held him "I've had a shit day and doing this isn't going to make anything better I know,"he said "I'm sorry for taking it out on you,"

"Its fine," I said quietly and pulled away "I'm gonna go to bed," I said and made my way out of the room. 

Once up in my room I leaned against the door and slowly started to cry. Why did he get so drunk in the first place? He even said he only drinks when he's out with friends yet here he was practically as drunk as much as my father. I squeezed my eyes shut and sloped to my bed dropping on it. 

I heard the door open which made me open my eyes. I looked at Logan and watched him sit at the side of me. He sighs and moved his hands through his hair and then looked at me. I slowly moved my hand out and he took my hand in his. He lay down on my bed facing me. 

"What's happened?" I ask  him "you can tell me I mean I tell you practically everything," I say. 

"It's nothing I've just been stupid today,"he says. I sigh slightly knowing he didn't trust me to tell me what was going on. "My friend died today," he suddenly said. "You know my friend you met?"

"Yeah," I said softly.

"Her,"he says,

"Oh," I said and moved closer to him "I'm guessing you were really close?"

"Very,"he says. "I'm sorry. I upset you,"he said moving his hand out of mine and wiped away the nearly dry tears "so much so I brought you to tears,"he states and moved closer to me "I guess my kiss has gone out of the window?" he asks. I smiled "it's funny you only smile when you're alone with me,"he said "I hope it's a genuine smile,"he said thinking out loud.

"Well sometimes you make me forget about what's happened, which I thought was impossible for anyone to do," I say.

He smiled to himself and then looked me in the eyes still smiling "can I have my kiss?" he asks. 

"You're drunk and I don't want you to regret it,"

"Don't worry I won't,"he said quickly "all I ever want to do is kiss you,"he said frowning as if he was confused by it. I smiled and he looked at me again "so can I?" he asks. 

I nodded timidly as no one had ever asked me if they could kiss me. He smiled and leaned in and I closed my eyes once I felt his lips on mine. I started to kiss him back as he moved his lips against mine.

His hands moved around my waist and he pulled me closer to him so our bodies were almost touching. He licked my bottom lip and I parted my lips a little and he moved his hand to my cheek down my neck and over my chest. 

I pulled back and looked down at his hand to see him move it to my hip. I gulped and looked at him and then away.  "Sorry,"he said softly.

"Don't be," I said quietly and I felt him kiss my forehead and then hug me tightly. 

"Can I sleep in here with you tonight?"

"Do whatever," I mumbled as I closed my eyes. 

"Ok, I will,"he said taking my hand in his and moving on his back so I was laid on his chest "I think I need to get changed and so do you,"

"Hmmm, no," I mumbled as I could feel myself drifting off to sleep.

"Sit up a minute," I did as he said and then watched him take his top off. I felt myself blush and I looked away from him. He had a six pack and I swear I had just died a little inside as I looked at him. He pulled me onto his chest and I could just picture how red my cheeks were. 

"Can I ask you something?" I said sitting up and looking at him.

"You just did but go on,"he said moving his hand to my face and moving hair out of my face 

"Do you shave or wax your chest because it's really smooth,"

"Neither,"he states "I'm not as hairy as some men thank god and if I did I'd wax it,"he states.

"Why?"

"Because I'm lazy and waxing would last longer,"he states.

"As if you know that," I said smiling and rested my chin on his chest. He looked down at me and stroked my head. 

"Well it's common sense,"he said "but anyway would you prefer me to have a hairy chest?" I screwed up my nose "I'll take that as a no,"he said chuckling

"Hmm you should," I said and rested my head on his chest.

"Off to sleep now?" he asks

"Yes," I said and moved my arms around him.

"Are you cold?" 

"No I'm ok, I have your body heat," I said snuggling into his chest. 

"Ok,"he said and reached for the lamp and switched it off. 

"Night," I say

"Night," he said and kissed my head and I fell asleep in his arms.
###chapter 12
**Megan**

I yawned as I sat at the kitchen table. It was half five in the morning and I was shattered, but I guess that's what happens when you don't sleep for days and then only have around eight hours sleep. Opening my laptop I walked to the kettle and made myself a coffee and then sat back at the kitchen table. I signed in and then signed into my IM and I saw Melanie and Tyler were online. I frowned and looked at the digital clock to see it said 05:42am. It was very unusual for Melanie to be online this early, never mind Tyler. 

Then a conversation box popped up and it was Tyler '*Hey, do you know what's wrong with Melanie?'*

*'No, I just got on so I haven't been able to ask why?'*

'*Yesterday in school she collapsed'*

*'Hmm ok it'll be her anaemia or something but I'll talk to her and see'* I typed.

*'How r u?'*

*'Been better you?'*

*'Ok trouble sleeping though and yes I've took my meds before you ask,' *

*'I wasn't going to ask*,'

I then clicked on Melanie's name. I looked at her name to see it in bold black letters with a sad face.

*'What's wrong?*' I typed and waited for a reply. After about a minute she signed out. I frowned and then clicked onto Tyler's chat window.

*'Is Melanie online still?' *I ask 

*'Yeah why?'

*'Seems she's blocked me'
*
*'You want me to ask why?'
*
*"No it's ok I need to go anyway'*

*'Ok'*

'Cya xoxo' *I typed and then signed out. 

I sigh and take a sip of my coffee and close my laptop. I stood and walked into the living room. I picked up the bottle of vodka that Logan had gotten last night and walked back into the kitchen with it. I stood in front of my coffee and looked at it then at the bottle. I sigh and unscrewed the top, I didn't need this but I wanted it just to forget, my thoughts were killing me. All I ever think about is what has happened and nothing seemed to be helping me forget.

"What are you doing?" I heard Logan's English accent ask.

"I was just urm..." I gulped and looked at him "I was only going to have a little,"

"At quarter to six in the morning?"he asks, folding his arms across his chest. I sigh and put the bottle on the counter.

"Fine," I said, screwing the lid onto the bottle and making my way past him. He grabbed my arm and pulled me in front of him.

"Did you have a nightmare last night?" he asks

"No, I'm just..." I trailed off.

"Just what?" he asks. I remained silent and winced a little when I felt him squeeze my wrist. He frowned, noticing my facial expression and pulled my jumper sleeve up revealing my recent scars. "When did you do these?" he asks.

"This morning," I mumbled, "and before I went to my session yesterday," I state. He sighs and drops my hand and I quickly cover my wrist.

"Should I ask why?"

"You know why," I snarled, "you think I can just forget just like that but I can't," I snapped and shoved past him and ran to my room. 

---- 

**Logan**

I sigh and run a hand through my hair. I know she can't just forget but she needs to realise that drinking isn't going to help her. It did annoy me that she felt she had to self harm when I was here for her. I walked over to the bottle and put it back in the alcohol cabinet and then started making breakfast for myself even if food seemed like the most hideous thing on earth at the moment with my hangover.

Hours had passed and I was sitting listening to Carl talk about one of his mate's birthday and his mate is apparently hiring him and his band to play. He was trying to persuade me to play for them but I wasn't in the mood.

"Oh come on Logan it'll take your mind off Steph,"he states. I sigh and look at him and then take the roll up from my lips.

"No, I don't have time," I said for the third time.

"Where is Megan anyway?" he asks

"Upstairs," 

"She's been up there for ages, does she not come out?"

"Yes but we got into a bit of an argument,"

"What over?"

"That's for her to tell you," I state and took a breath of my roll up.

"And you're smoking that stuff so I'm guessing you're not in a good place at the moment?" he asks. I slowly shook my head and then heard Megan walk in. She flopped onto the couch I was sitting on resting her head on my shoulder.

"I'm sorry," she said but it sounded like she was crying. I turned and looked at her to see her crying. I sigh and give her a small smile. "It's hard to stop," she slurred. I frowned and moved her off me.

"Have you been drinking?" she nodded "where did you get the alcohol from?"

"There're alcohol cabinets everywhere in this house," she states "I got it from the games room I think," she states

"What have you been drinking?"

"Jacks," she said, closing her eyes. I sigh and look at Carl to see he was a little shocked and started drinking the cup of tea in front of him. "Logan?"

"What?" I ask 

"Do you like sex?"  She asks as if she was a five year old. Carl started choking on his tea 

"Go get my dog out of your car now," I snapped at him. He was about to protest as to why I was snapping at him but he stopped when he saw the look on my face. He sighs and walks off.

"Ooo can I see Max too?" she asks while trying to get up off the couch. I put my hand on her shoulder keeping her from getting up. She looked at me and then smiled.

"You need to go upstairs and sleep the alcohol off,"

"No I don't," she states, frowning at me.

"Yes you do," I state "Now get upstairs and sleep it off,"

"No," she huffed while folding her arms. I sigh and take her hands in mine "I don't want to?"

"Why?"

"Because," she says. I sigh knowing she didn't know why herself.

"You were right with what you said earlier, you can't just forget everything but drinking isn't going to help," I state

"I know," she states and then looks at me "I just can't help it. It stops everything," she said, collapsing her head onto her knees. I sigh and sit on the coffee table (so I was facing her) keeping her hands in mine. "It stops everything from hurting and I like that," she states. 

"It's only going to stop everything from hurting for a few hours," I state.

"I know but these few hours are the best I've ever felt," she said sitting up "I think I'm going to be sick," she states. I sigh and watch her stand up. She tumbled towards me and I caught her. "You kissed me last night," she informed me. 

"I know," I sigh. She then stood straight and looked at me.

"Why?" she asks.

"I don't know,"

"You said you wanted to but I don't understand why you wanted to," she explained. I sigh I couldn't exactly tell her it was because I love her. She'd probably call me a liar and besides it was too much for her at the moment. "You also said you always do," she paused. "Do you want to know?" she asks

"No,"

"Oh,"

"But that's only because you're drunk and I'm not, it would be like I'm taking advantage of you," I paused "and I wouldn't ever want you to feel like I'm taking advantage of you," I said and stood "now c'mon you said you felt sick," I said standing behind her and moving my hands down her arms to her hands.

"You're not like other men," she said leaning back.

"Ok then," I said a little confused and carried on helping her to her room. She stopped moving her feet once we were at the top of the stairs and turned. She smiled and hugged me while moving her hands up my back. I sigh and bent down and lifted her up from the bottom of her bum and she moved her hands around my neck.

"Will you come to bed with me?" she asks.

"I can't,"

"Well I'm not off to bed," she huffed as I moved into her room. "I want you to sleep with me," she slurred while pushing her body away from me. I let go of her and she stumbled back and then she steadied herself.

"Just go to bed, I will stay here till you're asleep," I say. She shook her head and moved closer to me.

"No," she moved her arms back round my neck and my eyes widened when I felt her kiss my neck.

"Logan I got Max," I heard Carl shout.

"O...K,"

"Are you ok?"

I remained silent and gulped as I felt kisses move to my Adam's apple. I knew as long as she didn't kiss me there I'd be fine and be able to control myself. Push her away I thought to myself as I felt her get closer. I bit my bottom lip once I felt her kiss my Adam's apple and I moved closer to her. She moved her hands to the top of my jeans weighing on my belt buckle as she leaned up to kiss me on the lips. It was too late. I was turned on.
###chapter 13
**Logan**

She leaned up and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her back while moving my hands to her neck and stepping forward. Once we got to the bed I picked her up and moved her back till she was laid down. I moved my hands down to her waist and then under her top. I then pulled back and rolled off her onto my back and then sat up.

"What's wrong?" she asks

"You need to go to sleep," I replied and ran my hands through my hair. I heard her sigh and then felt her arms go round my neck. "Megan what are you doing?"

"Why won't you sleep with me?" she asks once she had rested her head on my shoulder. "Don't you want me?"

"You're drunk and you won't remember any of this tomorrow and you're too young," I state and looked at her "and I'd lose everything if I did," 

"My father was right," she said moving off me. I frowned and watched her stand and walk stagger towards her wardrobe.

"What do you mean by that?" I ask  a little offended.

"He said no one would want me knowing what I am and what I've done," she paused as she opened the wardrobe door and walked in "plus no one wants someone who willingly had sex with their own father," she muttered but I heard.

I stood and walked over to her watching her root through her clothes which I didn't know why when none of her clothes fit her. That was the reason as to why she was always wearing jogging bottoms. "You did not willingly he forced you and blackmailed you into it,"

"Really because I could have said no,"

"Yeah and what would that have come to?" I ask  "him hurting your friend,"

"I still said yes," she paused "a number of times if I remember correctly," 

"That wasn't the first time?" I ask . 

She shook her head "So you're right not to want me, I'm a whore" 

"No you're not, you haven't had sex,"

"So...what we were doing wasn't sex? Ok Logan, I must have played some scary shit arse painful game of twister with him"

"No he raped you," I said harshly. She winced at the word "sex is different sex you consent to it willingly without being forced or blackmailed, no matter how you look at it Megan it was all him all one sided and all rape," I say.

"Stop saying that word," she snapped.

"Why?" I ask .

"Because I don't want to hear it," she said as she started crying. "Just shut up because you're wrong it was sex because I should know because I lost my virginity to him, to my own father so stop with all this it wasn't sex business because it was because I'm never going to get it back," she yelled at me and she collapsed in a fit of tears. I sigh and kneeled down to her and went hug her "no get off," she said pushing me away "don't touch me," she cried and hugged her knees. "You're always telling me to let you understand to help you understand but you'll never understand," she cried.

"I know," I mutter "but I'm trying to, I'm trying my hardest to," I state.

"I don't want to be here anymore," she cried "I just want to die, I can't stand the pain,"

I went to hug her again and this time she let me. I sat crossing my legs holding her in my arms as she cried. 

"Logan," I heard Carl call.

"In here," I say. He then walked in and walked over to us. He sat at the other side of her and took her hand in his.

"I heard you both,"he said quietly while looking at her. She turned away from him burying her head in my chest and took her hand out of his. "I'm sorry," he muttered. She turned to look at him. He smiled a little and then looked down. He never knew what to do in situations like this, he found them difficult and awkward, and he was the least emotional person you would ever meet. He looked at me for help but I just gave him a shrug.

I then heard the patter of my dog's feet running up the stairs. I took my hands from around her and lay back till my back was touching the floor and within seconds I felt him start licking my face. "Ok stop," I said pushing him away and sitting up. He then moved to Megan sniffing her. She looked at him and slowly moved her hand to his head stroking him slowly. He sat and sniffed her face. She smiled and then stroked under his chin. I then stood and held my hand out for her, she took it and stood and then Carl stood up.

"I need to wash my face," she said walking out before us. I sigh and then felt Carl grab my arm.

"Is she ok?" he asks. I frowned at him "well obviously not but you know mentally because from what I heard she really doesn't seem it," I sigh and walked off "I didn't mean it insultingly," he called back. 

"Its fine," I said sitting on her bed waiting for her. Max sat at my feet and I started to stroke him. "You know it's annoying how soft you are with how tough you look," I said to him. 

"Takes after his owner then," Carl muttered. I glared at him "I'm just saying you're like a girl,"he states. I ignored his comment and looked back at my dog his crystal blue eyes looking back up at me.

Then Megan walked out of the bathroom and sat down next to me her bed and tapped her bed. Max moved away from me and jumped up next to her and she moved her hand onto his head as she leaned back till she was on her back. "It's cute how much he's missed you," she said smiling and closing her eyes as she stroked him. I smiled and moved a blanket over her. 

"Are you going to get some sleep now?" I ask . She nodded "if you keep stroking him I'm sure he'll stay next to you seen as he had to run here with Carl.

"Ok," she said quietly. I sigh silently and stood up and walked out of her room with Carl.

"No she isn't," I said finally answering his question once I shut her bedroom door. I walked down the stairs and into the living room. "She's seeing a psychiatrist or psychologist but they're the same thing," I mutter 

"But would you be ok mentally after what she's gone through?" I ask 

"I guess not,"he said sitting down and I sat on the other couch. 

"Hmm, I think I may let Max stay with us for a while. It might help her a little as they said animals can help, do you mind?"

"It's your dog,"he states. I sigh and remained silent as I looked at my roll up that had died out. I sulked a little and started to roll myself another. "Don't you think you've smoked enough?"

"Nope,"

"Logan,"he states in that tone that said listen.

"It helps ok," I state and started to break up the weed. 

"What happened last night anyway because Eric told me you got banged up and the bruised and cut eyebrow sort of gives it away?"

"I drove to a bar, got drunk and some guy decided to start so I beat the shit out of him," I mumbled.

"And?" he asks

"I think I got let off because the guy is in hospital," I said as I licked the roll up paper and rolled the paper into the shape I wanted and sealed it. 

"Fucking hell, don't tell me you did the old Logan shit on the guy?" I nodded as I put the roll up to my lips and lit it. "Ok just don't go back to your old shit because the last thing that girl needs is the rebel version of 
Logan,"he states "I couldn't even handle that," he muttered to himself. I chuckled and took a big breath of the roll up. "And you enjoy that shit too much,"he states.
###chapter 14
**Logan**

"LOGAN!!" I heard Megan scream. I shot up and ran into her room looking straight at her bed to see she wasn't there. Then I heard a small whimper come behind me to the left. I looked to see she was standing there, her eyes watering.

"What's wrong?" I asked her, "Did you have another nightmare?" she shook her head "then what?"

"There's a spider,"

"What?" I am not sure if I am hearing right.

"Look," she said turning me and pushing me towards the wall opposite near her walk in wardrobe and there on the wall was a spider "you can't miss it,"

"Ok," I said "and it's not that big,"

"It's bigger than my freaking face," she nearly yelled. 

"Ok ok it's big," I then smirked slightly as a thought came into my mind.

"You dirty minded man," 

"Oh come on you're just as dirty minded as me for thinking of the same thing," I argued. She sighs and looks at it.

"OMG it's moving please hurry up and get rid of it," she paused. "And your dog isn't any help, he just looked at it and went back to sleep." 

I rolled my eyes and looked at the spider; it was fairly big, roughly about three inches if I counted the legs which were quite thick. I walked towards it and cupped it into my hands holding it. I turned and looked at her and she backed away.

"You know you screamed as if you were getting murdered," I said smiling. She frowned and then stepped back as I stepped forward "why are you so afraid of it?"

"Just get rid of it," she snapped. I sigh and walk out of the room and she follows me.  I stopped when I saw Carl walk out of a spare room.

"Spider," I state. He frowned and walked over to us.

"Let me see,"he said, holding his hand out. I slowly handed him it and it crawled onto his hand.

"Urgh," Megan cringed, "you're both freaks," she said, running down the stairs. I rolled my eyes and took the spider back, "don't forget to kill it," she called as I walked down the staircase to the front door. I looked at her to see her hiding. I chuckled and shook my head at her and then opened the front door and walked out. I placed the spider onto the lawn and then walked back into the house to see her standing at the living room doorway.

"No spiders see," I said, holding up my hands. 

"Good," she said and cringed, "Urgh I hate spiders," she said walking into the living room.  I sigh and shake my head as I walk into the living room "I'm sorry for waking you by the way but that thing could have eaten me," she says.

"It's ok," I said and walked past her "What do you want for breakfast?" I ask . She remained silent and I looked at her "Megan?"

"Anything," she said and sat on the couch while flicking through the channels.

"Do you want some cereal?" I ask . She looked at me and stood up.

"I can make it myself," she muttered.

"Ok," I said and looked at Carl "What do you want?"

"Anything to get rid of this hangover of mine,"he said sitting at the kitchen table. Megan looked at him and then smirked slightly. "Guessing you don't have a hangover?" he asks

"I'm used to them," she said quietly and walked to the fridge to get the milk out.

"Do you remember anything from last night?" I ask 

"Everything," she muttered. I looked at her and then she looked at me "I always do unfortunately," she says. I sigh and start to make mine and Carl's breakfast. I wasn't too happy that she remembered, it just made things awkward and difficult.

She poured cornflakes into a bowl and then some milk. I looked at how much she had put in which was quite a fair amount. I frowned a little as she barely ate breakfast and yet she was willing to eat a bowl full of cornflakes. "Can you take me to see Melanie today?" she asks as she walks to the table with her bowl.

"Yeah if you like but we need to go clothes shopping for you," her head shot at me as soon as I finished my sentence "yeah I don't like shopping but you need some clothes you can't keep wearing jogging bottoms,"

"I have clothes,"

"Yes. They don't fit you,"

"They'll fit me soon,"

"Not soon enough," I state "all you need to get is a few jeans and a few tops," I state. She sighs and looks down at her bowl.

"I really don't want to go outside," she muttered. I frowned slightly, "everyone watches the news," she muttered. I sigh as I walk to the fridge to take out some bacon and eggs.

"No one will notice you,"

"Yes they will, it's a small town and all the people at my school go to the mall every day,"

"We're going in school hours you won't see any of them," 

"Fine," she huffed and then picked her bowl up. I opened my mouth to say "upstairs before you ask and I will be down within twenty minutes with the bowl empty and I will be sober. You can even smell my breath if you like," she snapped moodily as she walked out of the kitchen. I sigh and turn to the cooker to make mine and Carl breakfast.

-

"Megan come on," I said, calling her from the bottom of the staircase. I heard groan and then start to stomp her feet as she walked. "You know stomping your feet isn't going to change my mind,"

"But I don't want to go," I heard her whinge like a five year old. 

"If you don't get your arse down these stairs now I'll come up and get you," I warned and I suddenly felt like a parent. I scrunch my face up a little at that thought. I waited for another minute and then sighs "right I'm coming up,"

"No...No I'm coming," she said quickly, almost in a frightened tone. Then she walked round the corner of the staircase and stood there with her bottom lip out and her hands clasped in front of her. I smirked a little at how cute she looked. 

"Was that so hard?" I ask .

"Yes actually I couldn't find anything to wear so now you have to walk around the mall with someone who looks like a tramp," she snapped.

"You look fine now, stop moaning," I paused. "And anyway I don't know why you're so worried about people looking at you when they'll all be looking at me with my great biceps and that," I said smiling.

"Seen better," she said, tilting her head and walking past me.

"Sure you have that scrawny ex-boyfriend of yours I highly doubt it," I said following her out of the house. I locked the door and then turned to see her already standing at the car door. "I'm kidding by the way," I said walking towards my car.

"It's ok," she said and opened the car door once I unlocked the car. I got in the car and sighs "Why do you always sigh?" she asks.

"It's a habit," I mutter. "I let out frustration through sighing and apparently sighing is quite therapeutic because it's like lifting whatever is on your mind off it if you get what I mean," she nodded and I started the car.

"I need a new phone as well," she said as we got onto the main roads. I looked at her "the police still have my phone or it's still at home I'm not sure," she paused "but either way I need a new one," 

"What sort of phone do you want?" I ask  her.

"Same one as last time," she states while looking out the window "it's gonna rain," she states. 

"Well good job we're not going to be outside," I said and turned on the radio. She sighs deeply and mutters something under her breath. "C'mon stop worrying no one is going to recognise who you are," I state while taking her hand in mine. She moved her hand out of my hand and turned her body away from me.
###chapter 15
Logan

"Do they fit then?" I called to Megan from outside the changing room. We've been shopping for the best part of an hour and have only found a couple of things

"They fit," 

"Can I see?" I ask . There was a long pause and then the curtain opened. She walked out in a pair of black skinny jeans. "Come here," I say. She sighs and walks towards me and I stand. "They're a bit big I'll see if they've got a pair in a smaller size,"

"They don't have a smaller size," she mumbled. "Can't we just leave this for when I've put on a bit more weight?" 

"No," I said and frowned a little. "They do fit a little so we can buy them because you will be putting weight on," I paused. "You'll just have to buy a belt," I say. 

"Ok," she murmured and walked back into the changing room. I sat back on the buffet waiting for her.

"Are you buying the top too?" I ask  

"Urm," there was a long pause "Would I put weight on everywhere?" she suddenly asked.

"Urm well yes,"

"Ok good," she paused once more. "I'm getting the top, because it should fit me soon," I frowned a little confused about what she was about. 

We walked out of the shop after paying for a pair of jeans and a top that I did not think was her style but whatever floats her boat. "I need to go to an underwear shop," she states. I looked at her "I've gotten smaller in a certain area," she mumbled.  I smirked a little "Don't laugh it's not funny,"

"I'm not laughing, I'm smirking at how cute you looked saying that and how hard it looked for you to say," 

"Well it's embarrassing, you're my teacher and worst of all you're a man," she states.

"Ok I'm sorry,"

"And anyway I don't know why you're laughing at me when you're coming in the shop with me," she said walking off. I blinked a couple of times registering what she had said.

"Wait no I can't go in there with you," I said going after her "like you said I'm your teacher and oh my god a man I can't possibly go into a shop full of underwear for women and...And," I started to stutter and then she started laughing.

"Don't worry there's mens upstairs, so you go upstairs and I'll stay down stairs, and we'll meet when we're done," she suggested. 

I sigh in relief and a little smirk plays on her lips, "Ok that sounds brilliant," I said, running my hand through my hair.

"Well give me some money then," she said, holding her hand out. I looked at her "Please," she said quickly. I smiled and took my wallet out and handed her fifty dollars.

"Is that enough?" I ask .

"Urm if it's not I'll come back to you,"

"Ok then," I paused "you do realise it won't take me long," I paused once more "I actually don't need any," 

"Lucky for some I just don't know my size right now," she muttered "you see if I didn't lose weight on top I'd be fine," she said and then looked up at me.

"Well I know my size," I said with a small smirk and started to walk in front of her.

"So does Julie, Yasmin, Melanie and me unfortunately," she muttered as she caught up with me. I looked at her. "You don't remember the condom incident?" she asks. I frowned and then mentally slapped myself "Ah now you do," she said with a small smile. 

"Ok," I said, clearing my throat "let's get going," I said and walked into the store. I heard her giggle as she followed me. I turned to look at her and she closed her mouth shut. 

An Hour Later.

I sat waiting for her outside the shop on one of the benches available. It was taking her a while, it only took me about five minutes and while waiting for her I had two ice creams and I've completed a game on my phone which I'm proud of. I also managed to finally beat her score at bejewelled. No one beats me. I'm a master at that game. 

"Logan," I heard her voice echo. I looked up from my game to see her standing there.

"One sec," I said as I finished off the game. I felt her sit next to me and then lean over me to see what I was doing. I was nearly there, nearly knocking her off the top spot.

"My boobies have gone," she suddenly said, causing me to drop my phone. She giggled and I glared at her.

"You did that on purpose," I huffed.

"Sorry," she says. I smiled and looked her up and down before I picked up my phone.

"They haven't gone," I said and the expression on her face made me realise what I had just said. "Urm sorry," I quickly said "I wasn't looking I was just saying because they can't exactly get up and walk off," I stuttered and then gulped. She made me so nervous. Sometimes it was unbearable, I was really relieved when I realised she didn't remember that I told her how I felt about her but also a little disappointed. She smiled and tilted her head and then hooked her arm with mine.

"You're cute when you stutter,"

"Cute," I mumbled and let her drag me to another shop. There was one thing I hated being called and that was cute.

----
**Megan**

Logan shut the trunk and got in next to me. He looked at me while I started unpacking my phone. I had gotten the same phone I had before, exactly the same colour and make, however I did get it a little cheaper than before. Logan tried to get me to get the new IPhone but I could tell he only wanted it to play games on it. He seemed to like his gadgets.

I sigh and put my seat belt on. He looked at me and raised his eyebrows a little "I can't be bothered," I said "I'll finish sorting it out when we get back to the house," I state. He nodded showing he understood and then started the car.

"Do you still want to go see Melanie?" he asks. I nodded and looked out the window. Then I heard the sound of the radio filling the car and then a song I knew well.

"I like this song," I muttered more to myself than to him as I recognized it as a song by Florence and the Machine. 'There's a drumming noise inside my head'

The song finished and I slowly brought my legs up to my chest and rested my head on my knees and looked at Logan to see him smile a little. I frowned at him "Why are you smiling like that?" I ask .

"Can you never tell when you are singing?" he asks as he looked at me, now that the car had come to a stop due to traffic.

"I wasn't singing,"

"You were,"

"Oh well sorry," I said and closed my eyes.

"No need to be sorry, you sing really well,"he states and I felt his hand on mine. "Don't you like singing?" he asks.

"It's not that," I mutter "I used to sing all the time with my mom and then she died and I did sing a little but then Benjamin started saying things about my singing and how he hated it and that if he ever heard me sing again, he'd make it so I'd never be able to make a sound,"

"What do you mean?" he asks. I opened my eyes and looked at him.

"He held a knife to my throat and told me he would carve my voice box out," I explained. I watched him look out the window and his facial expression changed slightly.

"You don't have to worry now,"he said and changed the car gear as the light went green.

"I've angered you," I state. He looked at me "don't say I haven't, because I of all people know what anger looks like," I said softly. 

"I'm angry at your father," he said the word 'father' in disgust "and I hate the fact that's what he is to you, a father when he doesn't deserve that title,"he states. "When I think about what he has done to you it makes me so angry and I get so frustrated and sometimes I have to punch something just to let it out because I get so..." he sighs "I can't even think of the word I'm getting that angry just thinking about what he did to you."

"It's ok," I said and then looked at where we were going "as people keep telling me it'll all be ok soon," I mumbled.

"You never make me angry so don't ever think that ok,"he states. I nodded without looking at him "good," he paused and I felt him take my hand again, only this time resting it on the arm rest between us. "Look at me Megan," 

"You're driving, you should keep your eyes on the road," I state while looking out the window.

"I'll pull over if you don't look at me," he threatened. I giggled a little and looked at him.

"Was that supposed to be threatening?" 

"A little but I'm not too good a threatening woman,"he states and then we stopped at another traffic light.

"Why do you want me to look at you?" I ask .

"Because I want you to tell me that you understand while looking at me because I don't think you do,"he states. I sigh and look at him properly to see him looking at me. 

It was weird how I felt so comfortable with him, like I could be myself. He had this way of making me feel like I was worth something. I wasn't sure how he did it, it may be how he looks at me or how he treats me and speaks to me, but something was there that made me feel like what had happened over the past three years never happened. That my parents never started arguing over me, that my mom never died and my father didn't get ill. 

He smiled at me and leant forward while moving my hand to his lips. "Are you just going to sit there and stare at me?" he asks. I felt myself blush and I moved my face out of sight.

"I wasn't staring at you," I state "you were staring at me,"

He chuckled and I felt his lips on my fingers "C'mon before the light goes green," he urged on. I looked at him fully now.

"I know that you won't hurt me, you've told me that and I understand that you won't get angry at me," I state while holding in a 'but' he sighs and looks away from me.

"I'm waiting for the 'but',"he states. 

"I don't know," I said quietly. He looked back at me.

"Ok,"he said and kissed my forehead "I'm not going to force you," he said and started to drive again. I sigh a little; I didn't understand why he was so patient with me. Anyone would have given up by now, would have just told me to piss off or something or get angry with me.

"You really scared me the other night," I said quietly and silence laced over us. I didn't even mean to say that.

"I know," he mumbled.

"I thought you were going to hit me," I turned away from him and he remained silent. 
###chapter 16
**Megan**

"Which house is Melanie's?" he asks after several minutes.

"The big one," I mumbled.

"They're all big,"he says.

"The one that's got the wraparound porch," I snapped.

"Ok, what do her parents do?"

"Her mom is a psychologist and her dad's a doctor," I said and unbuckled my seat belt and quickly got out of the car. I hated silences like that, every time there was silence it meant I had done something wrong. 

We walked up the garden path to her door; I looked around to see her mother had been very busy planting in the garden which meant things weren't too good at home. Melanie always said her mom would garden when there were arguments in the house. I took a deep breath and knocked on the front door. 

"Get your arse to bed Melanie!" her dad yelled as he opened the door and then turned while frowning. I gulped and stepped back from him. Her father was a big man, quite tall, wasn't fat and wasn't too thin. He had dark brown hair and light brown eyes and was wearing dark blue jeans with a pale blue shirt. "Megan,"he said, shocked to see me. "H-how are you?" he asks.

"Urm...ok I guess," I said looking away from him. 

"Good," and I could hear the sympathy in his voice as he said it. 

"Urm is Melanie in?" I already know the answer. 

"Urm yeah,"he said "come in,"he said as he walked into the house. I slowly walked in with Logan close behind me.  

The first thing we hit is the hallway and the staircase. Melanie's house was big. There were five bedrooms, four bathrooms, one for Melanie and her sister to share, one for her brother to share with whoever was in the guest room, her parents had one and there was one downstairs. There were two living rooms, a dining and kitchen, her moms work room and in the cellar a gym and a play room and also a fun room and I mean a fun room. 

"Melanie," he dad shouted, still with a hint of anger to his voice. I heard her door swing open.

"WHAT!" she screamed.

"There's someone here to see you,"

"Yeah well tell them to piss off," she snapped "and you can as well," 

He sighs and rubs his temples while walking to the left towards the main living room "Kellie go get your sister," I heard him say. 

Then Kellie walked out of the living room muttering to herself then she saw me. Within seconds her arms were wrapped around my waist and she was hugging me.

"Hey Kellie," I said, patting her head.

"Kellie now," her father demanded. She sighs and mutters something you wouldn't expect a 13 year old to come out with and walks up the staircase to her sister's room. After several minutes I heard the door open and then I saw her standing in her usual black skinnies and a paramour tour top.

"Hey," she said once she was at the bottom of the stairs.

"She's been in a mood for about two weeks," Kellie said as she walked past her sister "and mum and dad have found out she's got her lips done and got a tattoo," I blinked a couple of times and then looked at her.

"Piss off you vile demonic creature," she hissed. Kellie rolled her eyes and walked into the living room. Melanie looked at me "I'm getting my tongue done next, I've decided,"

"Oh," I replied "have I done something to upset you? Because you blocked me on IM and I don't understand why?" I paused. "Also Tyler said you've been off a lately while in school." She sighs and shrugs. 

I sigh too and look down and then up when I hear a door open. I looked to my right to see her mom walking out of the room with a guy with black spiky hair and dressed in all black. He looked towards me and then smiled.

"Alright Megan?" he asks while walking towards me. I frowned confused as to how he knew my name but then again a lot of people knew who I was nowadays. "You don't remember me,"he states "I'm hurt Megan I really am,"he said moving his hands to his heart.

"Brendan stop pissing about," Melanie snapped. My eyes widened, no way was that Brendan he was a full on jock now he was a Goth it just did not make sense.

"Jeez are you sure you're not on,"he states as he walks past her.

"I thought you were at University?"

"I was kicked out at Christmas," he states.

His mom walked over to us and her eyes wandered to Logan, she gave him a small smile and Logan just looked down a little. "How are you Logan?" she asks.

"Been better,"he states and then looks at me. "C'mon because we need to go soon,"he says. I sigh and rolled my eyes knowing what he was on about as I had the nurse at seven pm. 

"We're going upstairs," Melanie said and started to walk off. I followed her to her room.

There was only one word to describe Melanie's room and that was dark. Her walls were black and covered with posters and her bedding was black. The only light came from a lamp by her bed. She always had the curtains closed and no light made it into the black thick drapes. 

"When did Brendon turn into whatever he is?" I ask 

"I know he's a bigger Goth than me," she said sitting on her bed.

"You're hardly a Goth," I say. "Now are you going to tell me why you've been so off and why you blocked me?" I ask . She took a deep breath and started to explain.

**Logan**

I watched Megan follow her best friend up the stairs and then turned my attention to Melanie's mother. I was surprised that Melanie's mother was my psychologist when I was young. She gave me a small smile and then looked at her son.

"Don't be annoying the girls Melanie seems to have enough on her mind," she said to him.

"I'll say hi to Megan and that is it,"he said as he walked up the stairs.

"No smoking in your room and just said hi nothing more do you understand Brendan,"

"You act like I'm going to start an argument with her,"

"I know you won't start an argument with her, it's the complete opposite to that, that I am worried about," she said and then looked at me "don't ever have children Logan," she says. I smiled a little "Do you fancy a chat?" she asks me "seen as it's been a while since we last had a chat," 

"I guess it can't hurt," I said, following her to the right and into the room she came out of with her son. I looked around to see it was quite cosy, a two person couch and a chair were in the middle of the room with a brown coffee table in between them.  The walls were a light grey colour and the room had light wood and white accents creating a light and calm atmosphere. "I'm guessing this is your work room?" I ask.

"I don't like to think of it as that," she said sitting in the chair. I smiled a little and sat down on the couch "I like to think of it as part of home and another living room for me and my separate family," she said with a smile.

"You're still going on about that crap," I mutter "I'm not part of this 'family' of yours," I said looking down at my feet "I sometimes think you should be the one seeing a shrink," I said to myself. She laughed and got comfy.

"So how are things?" she asks

"Ok,"

"I heard about Stephanie," she states. I looked at her "Eric phoned me and told me about what you did that day and asked for my advice,"

"I'm not going to relapse," I state.

"I never said you were going to," she paused. "Does Megan know about Stephanie?" she asks

"No and I don't really intend to tell her,"

"Why's that?" 

"Because it doesn't concern her," 

"Tell me and this has been bugging me ever since I heard Melanie talking about it with her friend, what interest do you have in Megan," I frowned as she said that and looked at her "what I'm more asking is why do you have an interest in her?" she asks.

"I don't have an interest her,"

"Oh really," she said almost as if it was fake, as if she didn't believe me. I nodded "ok," she said with a small smile. "So what did you do that day?" 

"I went for a drink and had a bit of a pick me up and got into a fight and then got taken away in a police van," I explained briefly.

"Is that what the bruises are from? The police or the man you got into a fight with?" she asks.

I smirked a little, "The guy hit me round the head with a chair, didn't half hurt and I think he tried to glass me I'm not too sure either way he was the one in hospital," I say.

"Did you not think about Megan while you got yourself hammered and got into a fight and in jail?"

"Yeah I did when she came to see me," I mutter.

"How did you react because if I remember you told me you're a very truthful drunk?" she asks.

"No different from normal," I muttered and looked down at my feet. 

"Hmm, it seems you're lying to me," she said to herself out loud and looked at me.

"This is not a session so whatever I said is not confidential," I said looking at her "so I can lie to you,"

"Do you want it to be a session?" 

"Dunno," I say, shrugging and laying back.

"Well let's make it a session, it can be free," she said, getting up and walking to a filing cabinet and looking through her files.

After several seconds she stopped looking in the drawer and went down to the bottom draw and unlocked it. She pulled it open and the metal clanking together was the only sound and then she took out an over bulked folder. I watched her shut the draw and then lock it all back up again and then place the fat file on the coffee table.

"That's your file," she said, sitting back in her seat while opening it up.

"Nice you don't make me seem dysfunctional at all," I said looking at it. She laughed and shook her head while searching through it.


###chapter 17

**Logan**

"When was your last session?"

"Dunno, I never really kept track," 

"Was it just before you went back to England?"

"Think so,"

"Ah got it," she said, taking out a piece of paper "Yes this is it." She paused and started reading it "hmm yes you had worked out yourself that you had a problem with the wacky backy and other substances, alcohol and sex," she said looking at me. I rolled my eyes and looked away from her. "You were like a rock n roll star without the fame weren't you," she states. "Do you have any of those problems now?"

"If I did, do you think I'd be teaching?" I ask  now, looking at her.

"You haven't answered my question," she states.

"No," I sigh.

"When was the last time you had sex?" she asks. 

"Urm..." I tilted my head back trying to think; I raised my eyebrows a little "about six month ago,"

"You haven't had sex for six month?" she asks a little shocked. I chuckled and shook my head while looking at her.

"No I think it's eight month I'm not too sure," I paused "yeah about eight month because that's about how long I've been in America for," I state "No wait I got laid the first night I came here and the second and the third actually," I said with a small smirk.

"Was she that good you forgot or...?" she asks.

"Nah not really, she was a bit boring but I was on a three day bender and I know that sounds like the old me but it isn't, it was Carl and Scott because they hadn't seen me for a few years they thought they'd catch up with me,"

"So it was a different girl every night?" she asks while writing something in that notebook that I would love to burn.

"Yeah," I said quietly. She raised her eyebrows a little as she wrote "I can't help it, it's the accent I've been told." 

She smiled "it is the accent but I'm sure I've told you before that it's not just that," she says.

"Are you coming onto me?" I ask  smirking while leaning forward. "We can if you like I mean I haven't had sex for a while but I can't guarantee anyone will hear," I state. She laughed and looked at me.

"You're old enough to be my son Logan,"

"So an older woman has shown me a thing or two before, I'm sure you can," 

"Logan," she breathed. I went to said something "and don't said it, you are changing the subject now shush,"

"What all I was going to said was-"

"Shut up," she said cutting in.

"Ooo dominant I like,"

"I will charge you triple for this session if you carry on," she snapped. I chuckled and lay back while moving my hands behind my head. "Now tell me about Megan,"

"What about her?"

"Tell me how you feel about her because it looks to me you have taken a shining to her," 

"It's bad," I said quietly and then lay down while kicking off my trainers and rubbed my leg.

"How bad,"

"The fact she's my student, underage, gone through hell and I'm in love with her," I said and looked up at the ceiling.

"Love?" she asks.

"Yep,"

"Didn't you said you'd never fall in love again?"

"Yep and it hurts me a lot that I have, I feel like I've let Stephanie down but what can I do, I can't help how I feel,"

"I still don't understand why it is bad,"

"I'm her teacher," I said turning to look at her. She shrugged a little "so if I fell in love with Melanie you'd be ok with it, if I was living in a house on my own with Melanie and all I'm thinking about while she's around me is having sex with her over and over again. Would you be ok with that?" I ask 

"I don't know about the sex part," she said looking down "she is after all underage and my little girl but,"

"Exactly," I said looking up "I touch Megan and I've lose my career and I would lose her," I say.

"You didn't let me finish, you're in love with her and it doesn't take a lot for you to fall in love, you're not a fickle person Logan so I would be ok with it yes, because you have true feelings for her," she explained. 

"You're a gentle man and you wouldn't have sex with her if she wasn't willing,"

"Well of course I wouldn't I'm not that sexually frustrated," I say.

"I mean you wouldn't if she wasn't ready and you have a lot of insight so even if she told you she was ready but really wasn't you'd be able to see it and you still wouldn't have sex with her,"

"Yeah well said it to my friend downstairs," I said pointing to my groin. She laughed and I shot my head at her giving her a death glare.

"That is due to sexual frustration like you said and well you are attracted to her," she states.

"That's what I thought at first, I mean the first time I saw her properly I mean I was in class and I got turned on, like fully turned on like I couldn't even walk," she laughed "don't laugh it's not funny I was disgusted with myself,"

"What did she do for you to get so excited?"

"Nothing that's the thing, I just saw her bum and that was it," I said shaking my head "I'm still disgusted with myself now," I say.

"Have you acted on these emotions?" she asks.

"She's living with me isn't that sort of a big act?" I ask .

"You know what I mean Logan,"

"I've kissed her," I mumbled "three times I think the other times it was her,"

"What other times?" she asks.

"The first time was her, the second time was her I liked that one a lot stupid mobile phones, I blame your daughter for why we stopped kissing cause that was all her fault. The third time was me, and the fourth time was me and the fifth time was me...oh and the sixth time was me and I think another time I'm not sure" I explained.

"That's quite a few times,"

"I know," I mumbled "and it's wrong but...I can't help it, she just makes me forget about the fact she's my student and that she's underage,"

"It's not like she's 12 Logan," I looked at her.

"I have rules 18 and over,"

"Ok when did you kiss a woman that wasn't Megan or Stephanie?" she asks.

"Urm...Not so long ago, I think November time," I say. She nodded a little and wrote something in that notebook of hers. 

"When was the last time you and Megan kissed?" 

"Last night, she got drunk and kissed me and the night before that I kissed her," I explained.

"Have you ever gone further than a kiss?" 

"No, do I want to? Well of course and will I? No," I say.

"How do you know you won't? What if one day you both kiss and it gets heated and you can't help but go further?"

"I'm not a teenager, I can control myself," I said looking at her.

"And have you controlled yourself every time you've kissed her?" she asks.

"No not every time because I could have had sex with her about three times," I pause, "and anyway I'm not the only one that needs to control themselves she does as well, she tried to undress me in a street in the rain," I huff. Now I'm getting the feeling that it seems to be me getting the blame for these moments I've had with her. "She's a tease," I say, folding my arms.

"I'm not blaming you Logan," she said as if she was reading my mind. "If this was her sitting here I would most likely ask her the same questions," she pauses, "and I'm not surprised that she hasn't tried it on with you a few times," she states. I frowned and looked at her "In many cases like hers the victim ends up with an addiction to sex, not because they like it of course but because their body is so used to being touched that their body can't stand not being touched,"

"You're telling me I may be living with a teenage sex addict that I'm in love with?" I ask .

She laughs "When you put it like that you make it sound bad for yourself,"

"It is," I snap. 

"I may be wrong Logan, she may not have that complex, she may seek other addictions to push out that one," she says.

"Eh but she hates being touched, I've got to be careful most of the time I'm with her as I can't walk behind her and she flinches if I touch anywhere below her shoulders,"  I explain.

"Well what do you expect when she got raped practically every day for about four months?  And I dread to think how long he touched her for before he finally raped her,"

"And she hates that word," I mutter"and I'm not complaining I do expect that, just like I expect getting woken up every night she sleeps and like I expect for her to want to forget about it by drinking herself into a coma at six in the morning," 

"Hmm she may have a problem accepting what has happened, she just may want to see it all as a horrible nightmare that she's only just woke up from," she pauses "are you able to cope with her?"

"Yes and no," I said quietly. "The mood swings are the worst and the sleepless nights, she won't sleep for days when she has a nightmare or she'll go to bed and wait till I'm asleep and I'll wake up from hearing a thud to see it's just her falling over her own feet,"

"What about depression? It doesn't take a brain surgeon to work out that she will have depression,"

"Stroke all that, the depressions the worst as I can't do anything because I can't watch her 24/7" I sigh and moved my arm over my eyes "it actually makes me depressed, she told me last night that she doesn't want to be here and that she wishes she was dead," I said quietly.

"And that's affected you?"

"Of course it has, I don't know what to do. I feel helpless just like I did with Stephanie and it hurts,"

"Have you told her how you feel?" she asks. I look at her "Have you told her that you love her?"

"Yeah but it was when her dad shot me so I doubt she remembers as she was nearly gone anyway and she said she doesn't remember much," 
###chapter 18

**Logan**

"Oh maybe she doesn't want to remember," she said while smiling a little. "Think about it Logan, her love has been used against her by the one person she's supposed to have all her trust in, by the one person that is supposed to keep her from harm. She won't want to love and she won't want people to love her, she'll see love as a bad thing,"

"So what are you saying? I need to prove to her it's not?" I ask. She shrugs her shoulders "You are," I mumble as I look back up at the ceiling "I can't because I don't know how to and well she shuts me out every time I get too close, she only ever tells me what she's really thinking when she's drunk," 

"Well obviously," she mutters, "you sometimes have the brain of a five year old," she said and then rubbed her eyes "do you not see something here at all?" she asks. I raised my eyebrows "she's like a girl version of you when you were her age, you were exactly like her, granted you haven't gone through what she's gone through but she's doing what you did, rebelling, hers might be slow but you have to do something before she becomes too much for anyone to handle," she says.

I sigh "You said in one of my sessions no one is like anyone," I said with a small smirk while looking at her.

"Well no one is, everyone is unique but Megan is just rebelling," she pause "I should know what rebelling is I have two children doing it now,"

"What did you mean out there anyway?" I ask.

"Megan and my son are close," she said quietly. 

"What do you mean close?" I ask, as my eyebrows knit together.

"Just close, he's like an older brother to her...sometimes,"

"What do you mean sometimes?" 

"Stop changing the subject,"

"Tell me," 

"No Logan, it's up to Megan," she said "now tell me how you're coping with Stephanie's death, I know her funeral is on Sunday," 

"Fine, I guess,"

"You guess?"

"Yes," I hissed. She raises her eyebrows and then writes something down. I sigh and start telling her how I felt.

**THird Person POV**

Jonathon sits in the steel chair. He's wearing a bright orange jumpsuit and his hands and feet are cuffed. He has lost a dramatic amount of weight which has caused him to look gaunt and almost skeletal. A man in a grey suit with glasses sits opposite him in the same steel chair. Two police officers were also situated in the dark gloomy room, one at the door and one behind Jonathon.

"Your father sent me," the man in the grey suit said, looking at him.

"I don't need you," he hissed.

"If you want a shorter sentence you do,"

"I don't want a shorter sentence,"

"If you plead guilty the judge may be lenient and it's best to claim insanity because you're obviously not sane,"

"Did you not hear me?" he asks. "I am not doing any of those things, I will plead not guilty and I will not claim insanity," he pauses "I know what I have done but I am still not pleading guilty, the longer the better,"he says.

"You said that now but,"

"But nothing,"

"Do you know who's in there?" he asks. Jonathon frowns "Marcus, the guy who took you and made you the way you are, he's in there," the grey suited man snaps. Jonathon's eyes widen and then he looks down "And you know as well as I do what he's planning, I have the letters here in case you have forgotten,"he said moving several pieces of paper in front of Jonathon. Jonathon looks away, his eyes glazing over. 

"I deserve whatever comes to me,"he says.

"They will asses you anyway and determine themselves whether you are sane or not,"  he pauses "why do you think they haven't given you your medication for so long, they are assessing you as we speak,"

"Well they can go fuck themselves," Jonathon mutters. "Do you have any idea who you're defending and what I have done,"

"Yeah, it's sick boohoo don't really care to be honest, you weren't in the right state of mind through all of it, what you did to your daughter Megan is not your fault,"

"It's Megs," Jonathon mutters.

"What?" he asks. The guards looked at each other and then took out their batons. The guard near the door made his way out and shut the door behind him.

"I want my Megs," he said quietly. 

"Jonathon do you not realise what will happen to you in there with Marcus in there too,"

"I understand I will see my dad,"

"What?" he asks confused and then turned once he heard the door open. 

A middle aged man with glasses and grey hair walks in. He was a short man compared to Jonathon but was a slimmer build. He was more on the scrawny side of things. He wore a dark blue suit and stood with his shoulders back and a warm smile on his face.

"Hello Benjamin,"he said with a small smile.

"Piss off," he hisses.

"Is it just you I am going to see today or am I going to see the others?"

"What others?"

"You know, how about Harry? Have you spoken to Harry lately?"

"Harry is dead," he muttered. "Where's Megs?" he asks.

"You hurt her so she's not going to see you anymore?"

"I did not hurt her," he yelled "it was that teacher, it's because of him, it's all him," he yells "He made Megs not love me anymore,"

"You did that Benjamin,"

"No I didn't, I showed her love,"

"No you didn't you hurt her," he pauses "she nearly died Benjamin,"

"No...That wasn't me,"

"Wasn't it?" he asks as he tells the lawyer to move from the chair. The lawyer frowns but stands "get him out of here please," he orders one of the police officers and the one stood at the door escorted the lawyer out. "Who was it?" he asks

"I don't know,"he says, shrugging his shoulders.

"Where is Harry and Jonathon?" he asks him "eh Benjamin?" he asks.

"I killed them,"he said with a small smirk.

"How?"

"Strangled them, they won't bother me anymore, Harry was easy, Jonathon put up a fight but I did it,"he says, still smirking.

"Why did you kill them?"

"They wanted Megs for themselves," he said frowning "she's mine no one else's,"he said and looked the man in the eyes "that teacher is next and whoever else wants to get in between our love for each other,"

"Megs doesn't love you though,"

"She does she even said so and we have made love, she loves me,"

"You forced her,"

"No I didn't," he snaps and bangs his hand on the table "she likes it like that she even told me herself," he yells.

"She's your daughter though,"

"No she isn't," he yells "She is my love,"he said now standing up. The guards moved towards him and the grey haired man held his hand up to stop them.

"Is she really?" he asks. Benjamin frowned "what was the last thing she said to you?" 

Benjamin sat down "but I showed her the love I was shown,"he said frowning and looking down.

"You weren't shown love," The man stated.

"You know nothing," he yells and launches himself over the table. The guards run towards him dragging him off the grey haired man. Benjamin kicks and yells for them to let go of him and then starts shouting 'Megs' 

"He needs sectioning," The man said standing up "he's not mentally stable, I feared this would have happened," he said more to himself "Jonathon phoned me just a little too late," he said quietly and takes off his glasses to clean them. He then walks out of the room to be in a hallway. He looks at Jonathon's father and then at a nurse "Phone me when Jonathon returns, I wish to speak to him," he said and then looked at 

Jonathon's dad. "You may want to prepare your granddaughter because he could be out within six month,"

"What?"

"He's not stable and he will be hospitalised but if he goes to prison there is a chance he may not get his medication inside as other inmates are known to take the medication, also his life is in danger at the prison." He pauses "He will be hospitalised but he may be let out afterwards, it will depend on the judge and the case details," 

He sighs and nods "I will," he mumbles and runs his hands through his hair.

"It's a difficult situation," he mumbles to himself and puts his glasses back on "you may want to sedate him young lady,"he said to the nurse. She nodded and walked to the nurse's station and the man walked down the corridor.
###chapter 19
**Megan**

I looked at Melanie waiting for her to start to explain to me why she had decided to block me on IM.

"When I was at the hospital to visit you, you said something, do you remember?" she asks.

"I don't think so, I was on that many painkillers," I mumble.

"Well you said how he would use me against you and threaten to do things to me if you didn't you know," I nod and I suddenly saw where this was going when I saw her eyes slowly start to well. I sigh and hug her, she slowly hugs me back. "I'm sorry," she cries.

"Why are you saying sorry? It's not your fault and well he would have forced me anyway so it doesn't really matter,"

"But,"

"Really Melanie you're really going to cry over this?" I ask, pulling away from her and looking at her. She sighs and looks down at her lap "I don't blame you so why are you blaming yourself?" I ask.

"I don't know it just seems that it is sort of my fault,"

"Say it back to yourself Melanie," I state "doesn't it sound a little bit dumb?" I ask. She sighs and closes her eyes.

"I guess it does," she mumbles.

"So are you going to stop crying? It's sort of making me feel awkward," she laughed "I haven't seen you cry since you were about ten, I'm going to find it strange," I say, sitting back and looking down at my lap.

"So are you going to tell me what it's like living with Mr Peters?" she asks

"It's nothing amazing he walks around all day with no top on and he's so quiet it's-"

"You said it's nothing amazing when he walks around topless are you out of your mind woman?" she asks. I sigh and roll my eyes at her, her obsession with him did become a little too girly and creepy sometimes. I'm amazed she hasn't got some kind of fan club towards him or a shrine. "Don't roll your eyes at me," she says, huffing and folding her arms "it isn't my fault I find him attractive," she mutters. I smile a little and look down at my lap.

The door slowly opens making me and Melanie look at the person that had decided to interrupt us and stood there in his black attire was her brother Brendan. He smiles and then folds his arms while leaning against her door frame.

"What do you want?" Melanie hisses.

"I came to say hi to Megan,"he states.

"You've said it now bye,"

"Shut up you dirty Goth,"

"Say's the one who looks like he's off to a funeral," Melanie comments.

"You're so childish sometimes," he huffs and turns his attention to me "how are you?" he asks.

"Been better," I mumble "but been worse as well,"

"You're on the mend though right?" he asks.

"Brendan, she doesn't want to talk about it," Melanie snaps. He growls and walks up to her dragging her up by her arms "get off me," she snaps. He ignores her and drags her towards the closet and shoves her in then quickly shuts the door and jams it shut with a chair.

"You're so fucking moody, I'll let you out when you decide to be kind for once,"he said and walks over to me. He smiles and I just look away from him. He sits down on her bed in the same spot Melanie previously was and crosses his legs while looking at me."I got myself kicked out as soon as I heard it on the news," I look at him "don't start having ago at me, I just wanted to see you and make sure you were ok, the shits downstairs wouldn't let me come home so I got myself kicked out and then they wouldn't let me come and see you," he explains. I sigh and look down at my feet playing with my converse laces. "You never said anything about it when I left,"

"Yeah I never told anyone for a while," I say, still staring at my laces.

"I know,"he said and then there was silence between us. All we could hear was Melanie calling her brother all the names under the sun. "That night at my leaving party,"

"Can we not," I said looking at him "I mean I hadn't really had the best week that week and well I did have a boyfriend,"

"I know you had a boyfriend but it wasn't like he was being a boyfriend that night,"

"Plus you're my best friend's brother," I say, and then I look back down at my feet as I feel myself slowly start to cry.

"What happened that week?"

"What do you think?" I ask looking at him "it doesn't take a genius to find out now does it?"

"He should be tortured for what he's done,"he said and then takes my hand "he's a sick bastard and I can't believe Melanie didn't tell me,"

"I swore her to secrecy and well I wouldn't have told her if Tyler hadn't had found out," I say.

"And this teacher what's he like?" he asks me while lacing his fingers with mine.

I take my hand out of his and wipe the tears from my cheeks "he's ok, putting up with my shit for some weird reason when he shouldn't really," I pause "I wouldn't be surprised if he gave up on me soon," I pause again, "he keeps saying stuff like everything will be ok and that I'm safe now when I really aren't,"

"Why aren't you?"

"Because no one seems to realise my father could get out at any time because he is mentally ill, I'm not stupid if he pleads insanity or the judge realises he's not mentally stable give it six maybe twelve months and he'll be out and I seem to be the only person that sees that,"

"Yeah and do you really think anyone will let him near you? No they won't because people care about you Megan," he states. I slowly shake my head, no one cares, they feel sympathy for me and that's what he told me all along. I wasn't stupid and I wasn't going to fall for people's lies.

"Yeah well what if I end up like him?" I ask looking at him "people said that people who have gone through stuff like me end up becoming just as insane as the person that made them insane," I say. He sighs and gives me that sympathetic look I hate.

"You won't end up insane,"

"How do you know I'm not already?" I ask  "I'm on so many different meds right now no one fully knows, my psychologist yesterday said my morbid thoughts and dreams will turn me insane," I pause "I don't sleep Brendan because every time I do I have nightmares, I only sleep fully when I've had a lot to drink and even then I'm having a nightmare," he remains silent and looks down at his feet "yeah you know nothing," I said and got up off the bed.

"You are going to be ok,"he says, getting up and turning to face him.

"No I'm not Brendan,"

"Yes you are and you're not going to go insane yeah you're on meds but they're to help you with all the shit,"

"Yeah they're really helping Brendan," I said and slowly started to lift my sleeves up "helping a lot don't you think?" I ask, showing him my wrists "I have more too," I added.

"You don't want to die though," I cut in.

"Yes I do, I don't want to be here if it wasn't for that stupid man downstairs I would have got what I wanted the night I went into hospital," I say. He frowns "yeah I goaded him made him beat me like he's never beat me before, all I wanted was him to kill me but he couldn't do that could he? No he has to put me through more fucking hell," I said and then hold my head in my hands. "I haven't wanted to be alive for a long time," I cry and then I feel his arms go around me. "Get off," I snap, moving away from him "don't touch me, please," I beg and walk out of the room.
###chapter 20
**Megan**

I'm sitting in a study, hiding from them. My name hasn't been shouted so I guess they aren't looking for me which is good. I just hope Melanie's dad doesn't decide to come in here, I don't understand why he has a study when he's a doctor, although as far as studies go he has a plasma TV and a mini fridge and a mini bar so I guess it was more his escape from the family when sports were on. Yes I've raided the mini bar and only found white rum which I don't mind, I'm not guzzling it down but I wasn't exactly sipping it either.

"Megan?" I hear someone say. I slowly sat up and looked to see if it was her dad. He frowns at me while walking towards me.

"I'm sorry," I said, laying my head on my lap and he stopped "please don't hit me," I said closing my eyes "I'm sorry," I mumbled. I hear more movement and then the door shuts. I open my eyes to see he has gone. I sigh and sit up while bringing the bottle to my lips and gulping more of the clear liquid down. The door opens once more and I take the bottle from my lips and tilt my head back.

"Give me the bottle," I hear Logan's English accent order to me. I don't move my hands and then I feel it be taken out of my hands. I sigh and tilt my head down and to the side.

"You're angry," I say.

"I'm not,"

"I can hear it in your voice,"

"Well wouldn't you just be a tad annoyed," he snaps.

"Hit me if you want it's ok with me,"

"I'm not going to hit you,"he says, taking my hands and pulling me up but failing.

"Why not, a lot of people would," I pause, "it's not like I'm not used to being hit," I say. He sighs and sits down next to me. I turn to look at him and out of the corner of my eye I see Melanie, her mom, dad, Kellie and Brendan. "I want to go see my dad," I said quietly "and I want him and my mom back," I said looking at Logan.

"Yeah I want my mother and father back too but I have to be happy with what I've got,"he says. I sigh and look away from him.

"You suck," I said "and I hate you," I said laying my head on my lap "and I feel like I'm going to be sick,"

"Come on,"he says, trying to get me to stand again and this time get me to stand.

"Will you stop touching me," I snap and yank myself away from him and push him away. "Why is everyone trying to touch me? Just stop it," I yell and move away from him "I want to be left alone," I cry and sit on the floor with my knees to my chest. I then hear the door shut. I look to see it was only me, Logan and Melanie's mom in the room now. "I want my mom,"

"Yeah well you can't have her can you," Logan snapS "stop fucking about and get your arse up," he yells.

"Logan, don't shout at her," Melanie's mom says.

"Its fine," I mumbled "he likes shouting at me,"

"Yeah about as much as I like seeing you like this," he snaps. I remain silent and look away from him.

He doesn't understand no matter how much he says he does. I have tried to show him so many times how I feel and what I'm thinking but he doesn't seem to get it. This was the only way I knew how to cope and shouting at me doesn't make a difference. I don't understand why he doesn't just give up on me other people would, what has made him stay with me?

"I'm sorry,"he said quietly and sat down beside me "I don't like shouting at you and I don't like snapping at you, it's just I've told you many times to come to me rather than do this," he states. I turn and look at him to see him looking straight at me. "Do you want a hug?"

"No," I said looking away from him, "I want you to leave me alone," I heard him sigh deeply.

"Why? What have I done?" he asks.

"Nothing I just want you to leave me alone you're always pestering me and I don't understand why you're always here with me, it's confusing," I mumble "I just want to be left alone," I said and the room falls silent. I wipe my tears and close my eyes.

"I'm sorry but I'm not going to leave you alone," he finally says, breaking the silence. I look around to see it is just me and him. I hadn't even heard Melanie's mom leave. "Because the truth is I can't be alone at the moment and I need you,"he says. I frown "I'm being serious, I'm not in a very good place at the moment and I actually have the urge to join you in all this self pity. I just know that it won't be good for you if I do," he explains. "Now you may not want a hug but I do," I sigh and move closer to him. He moves his arms around me and I hug him back.

"Ok maybe I needed this hug," I said holding him tighter "I just have this feeling something bad is going to happen sooner or later because everything has been going a little too good,"

"Is that why you're so I hate life at the moment?" he asks. I sigh and relax in his arms. He stroked his hand up and down my arm.

"No, it's just I don't see the point anymore," I state "everything has been taken away from me so I don't see the point or the need for me to be alive," I state. He sighs deeply and he moves a hand to my hands. "I know I probably sound pathetic but that's how I feel,"

"You don't sound pathetic I've been where you are now and I understand how you feel," I look at him "I was just more self destructive than suicidal because to me suicide is a cowards way out," he pauses "I'm not calling you a coward but when you do self harm don't you at least spare a thought for the people around you? Not many suicide victims do, because they are so wrapped up in their own shit that they don't realise there are other people around them that are hurting too but because they are worried."

"I know suicide is a selfish act but I don't know it just seems like the easiest option," I said and rest my head on his chest.

"Hmm it does," he said "I want you to do something for me. I want you to think before you next do something like this," he said facing my wrist to him "ok?" he asks. I nod and feel him kiss the top of my head. "Thank you, now come on, I want to go home," he said, pushing me up and then standing up. I sigh and let him help me stand. I stagger into him and he moves his arm around me, steadying me completely.

We walk out of the study and he gives the bottle back to Melanie's mom. It was only Melanie's mom and dad that were out here. They both gave me a small smile "I'm sorry," I said quietly while looking down at my feet.

"It's fine Megan as I'm sure this isn't the first time you and Melanie have sneaked into one of our liquor cabinets," she states.

"That's mostly Melanie's fault she's the one that gets it not me I'm just sat reading a magazine and she comes in with her hands full," I state, she laughs and walks with us to the front door.

**Logan**

Megan sits with Max laying his head on her lap. She's stroking his head while watching TV. Carl is still here unfortunately, I found out he hadn't paid his rent so he's hiding from his landlord. This means he's staying here for a few days. I'm just waiting for him to go to bed.

"Can we watch something more interesting like CSI?" she suddenly asks.

"It's not on," Carl said as he flicks through channels "nothing is ever on,"

"Well can we watch a movie I'm bored,"

"I'm surprised you're not passed out right now after how much you drank," he states while looking at her.

"Carl shut up and put a movie on," I snap and rub my leg. He sighs and does what I say. "Megan on Sunday I won't be able to go to your granddads with you," I state. There was silence for a moment then she spoke.

"Why not?"

"I have something important to do so I'll be out most of the day and probably won't be back until later on in the day," I state and look at her to see her looking down at her lap.

"Ok," she said and slowly gets up "I'm gonna go to bed," she said looking at me. I nod a little "Urm yeah Night," she said and walks out of the room.

"She didn't take that very well," Carl said after we hear her bedroom door shut.

"Hmm I knew she wouldn't but I can't help it,"

"No you can't, I don't see why you just don't tell her you're off to Steph's funeral," he states.

"Oh yeah sorry Megan can't come to see your granddad with you because I'm off to my wife's funeral who you thought died well before I met you when in actual fact I killed her a few days ago," I pause "that would really go down well wouldn't it she'll really trust me then," I mock and roll my eyes at him.

"I'm just saying," he said and sits down back in the seat he was in and plays the movie.

"Well don't, I know what I'm doing," I snap and reach for my weed and roll ups.
###chapter 21

Megan

*My heart pounds against my rib cage as I hide under the kitchen table, hoping he would just go to bed and let me clean myself up. His voice echos through my ears when I hear him call my name. I gulp down the lump in my throat and bring my hand to my mouth once I see his black booted feet. My tears come like a waterfall as the fear creeps as his steps come closer and closer to me.

*"Megs," he said once more. I squeeze my eyes shut trying to not make a sound. 
*
He grunts a sigh and the chair in front of me scraping across the floor rips through our silent house. My eyes shoot open and I look straight at the chair. First I see his feet move round the chair, second  his legs are in front of me. My heart pounds harder ready to break free, I can feel my breathing becoming heavier and my whole body begins to shake in fear but sweat with nerves. 

*"MEGS," he yells and then the sound of his fist colliding with the table. I jump a little and let out a small whimper that was thankfully masked by his grunt. 
*
'Please go to bed,' I chant in my head 'please I'm begging you,' I repeat. I watch his legs bend so he's sat in a chair. I moved back a little trying to make as little sound as possible. His feet were only mere inches from my 
body.

*"I just want to play, I'm getting bored of hide and seek," he mumbles. I take a deep breath and look around "never mind I think I've found you," 
*
My heart stops and I look around once more and then I see it, the mirror that had broken in the living room was on my left tilted against the wall. I see him sitting there staring at me with a small smile on his face. He pushes back on the chair making an ear splitting sound and bends down. I look at him and then start to scramble back. He grabs my foot but I kick out at him and get free and then push the chair out behind me and run with him behind me. 

*I run straight for the back door checking around for the key. Panic starts to set in once I hear the kitchen door slam shut. I squeeze my eyes shut. "Are you looking for this?" I hear him ask. I turn to see him holding the key to the door. I collapse against the door in defeat. "We don't play outside, you know that,"he said while walking towards me. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, opening them again to see he is only a few steps away from me and then I see the belt in his hands. 
*
"Please no," I beg. He sighs and clutches it hard in his hands. I seethed in a breath and decided to try and make another run for it. 

*I ran round the Kitchen Island and he blocked my way. I turned on my heels and headed for a draw taking out the rolling pin and just as I took it out he moved an arm around my neck squeezing tightly. He lifted me up from the ground so my feet were dangling and I moved my head down forcing his arm to loosen on my neck. Opening my mouth wide I clamped my teeth onto his bare skin sinking them in. He cursed and immediately let go of me. I fell to the floor and picked the rolling pin up and moved it between his legs and belted it as hard as I could into his groin. He dropped to the floor and I stood and ran from the kitchen through the dining room, into the living room and up the stairs to my room. I slammed my door shut and locked it and then ran into my bathroom shutting and locking the door behind me. 
*
Stepping back I could feel the cold porcelain tiles under my feet and the tin metallic taste fill my mouth as the blood from my nose slowly entered and mixed with his blood. I gulped and walked towards the sink running the taps. It hurt to do anything and I didn't know why I was trying to clean myself up when in about five minutes he was just going to do it all over again to me. I cupped water into my bloody hands and splashed it onto my face and then cupped some more and poured it into my mouth and spat it back out.

*Looking in the mirror I barely recognised myself being a punching bag wasn't exactly making me look any better. I sigh and ran my hand through my hair and moved them to my stomach. Anger filled me it was his own 
*fault did he really think I wanted to have a baby with my own father. I clenched my fists and before I knew it I punched the mirror. Cracks splashed out from my fist and pieces of the mirror fell to the floor as I did. 

*A bang made my body jump and then a yell. I took a deep breath; he was in my room already. "You bitch," I heard him yell and then crashes and smashes filled my ears. My eyes wondered to a piece of cracked mirror on the floor. I reached out and took it in my left hand holding it tightly and raised my right wrist. A thud came from the bathroom door then another and then a bang and the door flung open.  His eyes glared at me and I looked him straight in the eyes "What are you doing?" he asks. I just stared back at him "don't make me laugh Megs you don't have the guts,"he said as he walked over to me.
*
"Fuck you," I said and raised the piece of mirror and went to plunge it into my wrist when I felt someone take my hand. I looked to see Logan; I frowned and then watched as the walls started to fall back into darkness. 

*The look on Logan's face was cold, emotionless as if he had no soul. He pulled me up and then went to my ear "I and no one else wants' you," he whispered. I gulped and looked at him. He let go of me and started to walk away.
*
"No," I said going after him fresh tears welling in my eyes "please," I begged and then I felt someone grab me. I looked and straight away I wish I hadn't. Benjamin grabbed my hair and within seconds I came face to face with him. "Logan," I screamed "help me please I'm sorry," I cried.*

---

My body shot up when I heard the biggest scream of my life, I could feel the pain in the scream as it faded out. I yawned and dropped down onto my bed and sighs while looking at the clock, 2:33AM stared back at me in neon green. A yawn escaped my mouth once more as I slowly sat up and ran my hands through my hair. Another night I wasn't going to get sleep and having to watch and make sure Megan didn't hurt herself. 

Then the screaming stopped. I frowned and looked towards my bedroom door. It was very rare she woke up on her own. Max barked loudly causing me to jump a little and then her bedroom door opened and then closed. A few seconds passed and then I heard my door handle turn. I climbed back into bed and closed my eyes. 

"Logan," I heard her whisper once she had shut my door. I remained silent and then felt my covers get moved up and a weight on my bed. I opened my eyes knowing she wouldn't see anyway because of how dark my room was. She climbed into my bed and her head lay on my chest. 

"Bad dream again?" I ask . There was silence and then I heard her sniff.

"Yeah," she said "I'm sorry," she said quietly.

"For what?"

"Waking you and for being a nuisance," she states. I sigh and moved an arm around her and got comfy.

"What was the dream about?" I ask . She sighs and slowly sat up while looking away from me, "its ok you don't have to tell me,"

"You were in it this time," she suddenly said. My eyebrows raised as curiosity started to eat its way into me. "You were only in it at the end but basically you weren't who you are now," she said and looked at me "you told me you didn't want me and that no one wants me,"

My eyes widened a little "Well I'll never said that to you,"

"And I begged you to help me but you wouldn't you turned your back on me and walked away as if you didn't know me as if you didn't care about what happened to me," she carried on. I frowned once more "And when I woke to find you not in my room I panicked and that's why I came straight to your room and when I saw you I just felt like I had to make sure it wasn't a dream or anything," she states.

"It's ok, I don't mind and for the record I'll never stop caring about you," I said and took her hand in mine. She turned to look at me and then looked down. "And I'm sorry," I say. She looked back at me "for scaring you the other night I'm never normally like that and the fact I scared you so much that you thought I was going to hurt you, annoys me because I'd never hurt you," I explained.

"You promise?" she asks. I nodded and hugged her.

"Of course I do," I said and laid her down with me, "get some sleep because I and you need the sleep," I state. She sighs and relaxed.

---
###chapter 22
**Megan**

It's Sunday now and I'm on my way to my grandfathers. He had sent a car to pick me up, seeing as Logan wasn't coming with me. He said he would come with me but what he had to do was important. A sigh escaped my lips as I saw my grandfather's mansion come into view, I didn't understand why he still lived in this mansion when it was only him and the whore that he called a girlfriend. She was about ten years older than me which meant she was young enough to be his granddaughter not that he saw that. She was a gold digger and like most perverted old men my grandfather's age he didn't see that. 

"Thank you," I said to the driver. He smiled from his rear view mirror.

"No need to thank me, it is my job after all,"he said and got out of the car. I went to open my door when he opened it for me. I went to thank him again but he held a hand up to stop me "no need to thank me again it's my job," I sighed a little and folded my arms as I felt the coldness of the winter breeze. 

The front door opened and stood there was my grandfather. He stood at 6ft and had silver grey hair with the same green eyes as me. I watched him let out a breath and then smile at me. I sighed and walked up the drive to the door. He went to give me a hug but I moved away from him.  I looked him up and down to see he wasn't in his usual attire, he was wearing jobbing bottoms and a plain black t-shirt. 

"It's good you came,"he said.

"I don't really have a choice on the matter do I?" I mutter. He sighed and moved out of the doorway to let me in. I slowly walked in and looked around the huge hallway, like always it was very well lit and immaculately 
clean. 

"How has your week been?" he asks.

"Fine," I said and followed him to the living room.

"Natasha isn't in at the moment, she's shopping. She should be back in time for dinner,"

"Good,"

"I know you don't like her but when she is here I'd like it if you'd get along with her as she wants you to like her,"he stated.

"Why are you even with her anyway?"

"I know how you see her and I think we shouldn't get into this and don't worry Princess she's not in my will,"

"I couldn't care less to be honest I'd rather not be in your will, I hope you give it all to her,"

"Well we can't all get we want,"he stated and handed me the TV remote as I sat on the sofa. "How are the sessions going?" he asks while sitting down on the opposite side of the sofa.

"Fine," I said yawning and kicking my converse off.

"Have you been sleeping?"

"No," I said and started to get comfy. I then flicked on the TV and started to channel surf.

"So where is Logan?" he asks "he phoned to tell me he wasn't going to be here today, I'm just wondering why,"

"I don't know, allhe said to me was that he had something important to do," I state.

"Are you taking your medication?" he asks. I looked at him "I'm just curious,"

"Yes I'm taking it, the only thing I'm not taking is the sleeping pills," I said "and I don't see the point in me taking any of the medication when the anti-depressants aren't working and the pain killers just make me a little drowsy," 

"Well you might be off the painkillers soon after you've had another X-ray at the hospital,"he stated. "As I'm sure the damage to your ribs and your foot should be fully healed," he paused "at least you didn't have to come back home with the pot on, you were in hospital for eight week altogether and the pot was only on for six,"

"Hmm and most of those weeks I was in a coma," I said as I stopped flipping once I got to Charmed on the TV. 

"So, how's the new phone?" he asks. 

"Fine,"

"How's that boyfriend of yours?" he asks.

"I don't have a boyfriend,"

"You do, what's his name Kyle or something,"

"Tyler and we broke up ages ago,"

"Oh I'm sorry, why?"

"Benjamin told me to break up with him or he'd kill him so I did," 

"Are you not getting back together though?"

"No, I don't really want to and we wouldn't have much of a relationship anyway,"

"Why not?" he asks, confused.

"Do you really think I want to have a boyfriend after what's happened?" I ask .

"I'm sure he'd understand,"

"Yeah and have him cheat on me again because I won't let him touch me,"

"He's cheated on you?" he asked, shocked.

"A year ago, he thinks I don't know but I do and well I don't really care to be honest," he frowned at me and I looked at him "we were at a party and there's a girl in our year, she has tried to split us up a couple of times and well he got pretty drunk, he didn't sleep with her. He just made out with her so I wasn't too fussed. If it had been anything more than a kiss then I would have been bothered," I explained "he hardly remembers it though as his friend told me he doesn't remember half of that night never mind that kiss,"

"But still cheating is cheating," he stated.

"True, but I watched him and her kiss and well he told her to piss off and well he got a bit too angry with her after it and then the next day I watched his friend tell him what happened and well he wasn't exactly pleased with himself," I paused and looked at him again "I didn't really care to be honest because I've done the same thing,"

"Like what?"

"Melanie's brother. We had an argument one day and well yeah you can see where this is going," I explained and looked towards the TV.

"Oh well you're too young for boys,"he stated. I smirked a little and looked at him, he smiled back at me "you are, you want to wait till you're at least 30 for boyfriends," I shook my head at him and continued to watch Charmed.

**Logan**

Carl looked at me and tilted his head a little "Black?" he asks "didn't she make you promise to wear something bright at the funeral?" he asks.

"Yes and I am," I said pulling up my black sleeve to show a bright orange, pink, green and yellow bracelets. He sighed and rolled his eyes at me "she only made me promise her that because she knows how much I'm not a fan of bright colours," I huffed.

"Just go wear a bright coloured tie or something," Carl suggested, I shook my head and walked away from him. 

"I'm going to get so high today," I state.

"Well that's not going to be any different from most of this week,"he stated. I looked at him "I'm serious, you've been high like every day,"he said and walked past me "which I don't think is a good thing because you have a responsibility now, you know that responsibility called Megan,"he said turning and walking backwards towards the front door.

"Yeah I know," I muttered and followed him out as I put on my blazer.

"Yeah and have you at least thought about how it could affect her?" he asks "as well you and me both know she's not mentally stable, I'm just waiting for her to have an episode,"

"Don't talk like that and no I haven't thought of it like that but what do you expect from me? Would you rather I was depressed around her and tell her 'yea life sucks lets go commit suicide'?" I ask . 

"No, I just think you should be more careful. It's ok having like half a joint but you're having about four a night,"he said and walked towards the limousine. 

I sigh and run a hand through my hair while looking at him. He was right in a way but I was coping and I was going back to therapy so it wasn't like I was being completely irresponsible. 
###chapter 23
**Megan**

My mouth became dry and my heart felt as if it was in my throat as I heard my grandfather say these words to me. "What?" I stuttered out. He gulped and looked down at his lap then back at me.

"He could be out in six months, maybe sooner I'm not too sure,"he states. 

I felt myself slowly start to cry as I looked at him. This must be some joke or one of my nightmares. He couldn't get out that early, not after what had happened, "I'm so sorry,"he said looking at me. I looked away from him and stood up.

"I don't really feel like eating now," I said and started to walk out of the room.  "I'll be up in my room," I said and ran up the stairs and into my room. 

My room here was the same colours as my bedroom in my old house. A plain Magnolia with posters scattered around the walls.

I curled into a ball and scrolled through my contact list on my phone. I stopped once I got to Logan's name. I pressed the call and waited for him to answer. Even though I would probably never admit it to him I did feel like I needed him and that if he wasn't with me I would have broken down by now and fallen apart. After two rings I got a busy tone. I frowned and called him once more and again my call got rejected. I sat up and frowned at my phone as if it had just insulted me.

I inhaled slowly and scrolled down my contacts again to Tyler. My eyebrows relaxed and then knitted together again as I shook my head and scrolled back up my contacts to Brendan. I had gotten his number through 
IM when he was online last night, he told me to ring him if I ever needed an ear or just a chat. My finger pressed on the call button and I put my phone to my ear to hear the ringtone.  After about three rings I went to put the phone down when he answered.

"Hello,"

"Hey," I said quietly.

"Megan,"he said surprised. 

"Do you still have that ear?" I ask .

"Yes amazingly I do, where are you? I'll come and get you," he asks. I let out the breath I was holding and told him my grandfather's address "Man that's miles away; I'll be about thirty minutes ok?"

"Yeah," I said and then the phone fell dead.  I sighed and got up off my bed and walked out onto the balcony and sat on one of the chairs while waiting for him.

After roughly thirty minutes I watched his car park up outside the gates to the Mansion and after a couple of seconds my phone rang.

"Do you want me to come inside or...?" he trailed off.

"You can come in, I'll tell my grandfather I have a friend coming round and you can come in,"

"Urm how about I climb through your window? I don't do too well with any kind of parents,"he states and suggests.

"Ok," I said "I doubt he will like you anyway and will most likely make me keep my door open," I said more to myself.

"Thanks," he mumbled.

"Sorry," 

"It's fine I'll be there in a minute,"he said and then put the phone down. I put the phone down and waited for him and within a minute he was stood outside my balcony. He looked up and looked around as if looking for something. "I'm expecting the flow of hair,"he states while looking up at me, I frowned "Rapunzel?" he asks

"Oh yeah right sorry," I paused. "How would you know what Repunzel is?" I ask .

"I have two sisters who were both into all that shit when they were young  believe it or not Melanie wasn't always a dirty Goth,"he said and then walked towards a window below me and to the left.

He moved his feet up onto the small ledge and then moved his hands around the draining pipe and practically walked it up the wall while holding onto the black metal pipe. Once he got high enough which was way above my balcony he jumped off to the right into my balcony and then stood up straight.

"I should have been an assassin or some sort,"he said smiling "because that was impressive you got to admit,"he said grinning. I smiled weakly and walked into my room. He walked in after me "Or a supernatural being like a werewolf, I could pull off vampire but Twilight ruined them, or I could be same as the ones from Underworld, I could be a real werewolf a Lycan yeah I like that," he started to mutter to himself.

I sat on my bed and looked at him as he said all this to me. I knew what Underworld was. I had seen the movies and to be truthful I wasn't a fangirl of Twilight but I wasn't a hater. All I can say about the film is that it's watchable. A sigh escaped me as I looked down at my lap and the tears came once more.

"Hey what's wrong?" he asked as he sat in front of me and moved my hair out of my face.

"He's getting out in six months," I say. He frowned "My grandfather told me just before I rang you; it could be sooner as he may not get a full sentence because he's insane, so prison won't do him any good." I paused. 

"I knew this would happen," I said, holding my head in my hands "this is why I won't do what everyone is telling me to do because I know he is going to be back in my life very soon and it will all start all over again," I 
cried. I heard him sigh and felt him pull me towards him.

"It won't, I won't let it and well no one will let him near you and so what if he's let out within a few months, you just need to forget about him and have some fun," he paused "I know it doesn't seem like the thing to do now but like it's the only way you're going to move on from this,"he states and stroked my back. I sighed and moved my hands from my face so I could look at him. He gave me a small smile and then hugged me. "I think we should go out somewhere,"he states. I looked up at him "we'll go somewhere fun,"he said and then stood up. "C'mon,"he said, taking my hand. I stood and followed him to my window.

"Are you sure?" he asks.

"Yeah it's only a party but since when was a party not fun?" he asks.

"I'm not exactly dressed for a party," 

"You look fine, trust me,"he said and walked out onto my balcony. "Hmm how am I going to get down?" he asks himself. I giggled and rolled my eyes, so much for the assassin theory.


###chapter 24
**Megan**

I turned my body to face Brendan as he pulled up to the house I was living in with Logan. He looked at me and smiled a little.

"You're mental, to do a full day drinking binge," he says. I giggled and closed my eyes "but it seems you've had a bit of fun,"

"Hmm...You should have had something to drink too," I groaned.

"I'm driving Megan, as you can see,"

"Yeah but you would have sobered up," I stated and pouted.

"No, I wouldn't because when I drink, I drink to get paralytic drunk," he said, grinning "sort of like you," he added. "I'm happy I don't have to take you back to your granddad's, that would be a bad scene for me," he said and then turned the engine off. "Man, I'm tired,"

"I'm not," I said, still with my eyes closed.

"Could have fooled me," I heard him say. I smiled and then I felt him kiss my lips and then hug me "It's weird how he hasn't phoned you at all to see where you are, I mean I know your granddad has a few times but I don't understand why he hasn't. I would have expected your granddad to tell...is it Logan?" I nodded to his question "to tell him you were missing or something," he explained.

"Oh well," I say.

"Especially with your history with him," I sat up and looked at him, "you don't remember telling me?" he asks.

"Remember telling you what?" I ask.

"About him telling you he loved you and well about the times you two have kissed," he states. I frowned and then looked at him more "don't worry I'm not going to say anything I mean it would only cause you drama and well it isn't like he's forcing himself on you whenever he can is it?" he asks. I shook my head.

"Quite the opposite," I mumbled and laid back.

"And you obviously like him," I frowned at him. "I guess you don't remember most of last night," he said to himself "I think that may be a good thing because you cried over the fact he didn't answer your call," he says.

"Oh," I said and looked away from him feeling a bit embarrassed.

"Don't be embarrassed," he said "Don't feel embarrassed by anything from last night because I loved it," he said grinning at me. I huffed and folded my arms as he was about me kissing him. "Hey it's not the first time we've kissed, you know, and I'm sure we've done a little bit more than that kiss," he said, smirking.

"Ok well I'm gonna go I'll see you around," I said getting ready to leave. He laughed and moved his arms around my waist.

"Hey, don't worry," he said, pulling me towards him. I gulped a little and looked at him. "I haven't and won't ever tell anyone about that night...well," he said, trailing off. I looked at him. It turns out that my mother saw us go into the pool house that night from her bedroom window." My jaw dropped.

"You did tell her we didn't do anything. Right?" I ask.

"Yeah I did, but I don't think she believed me, but she does now...I think," he said frowning to himself.

"Great," I said, slumping in his arms. "Well, I do need to go and I'll talk to you whenever," I said, moving out of his arms and opening the car door.

"It'll be very soon,"he said as I got out of the car. I gave him a small smile and shut the car door. I slowly made my way up the garden path and turned to give him a small wave. He waved back and then started the engine again. I walked into the house after he drove off.

A pungent aroma hit me as soon as I started to walk towards the living room. I knew the smell well. I had smelt the other day and Logan smelt of it when we picked him up from the police station. I stood at the door and saw him smoking what seemed to be weed. He was dressed in complete black and he was watching Tom and Jerry. I looked at Carl who was now looking at me.

"Are you ok?" he asks. I nodded and looked back at Logan to see him chuckle to himself.

"I fucking love this programme," Logan said to himself.

"Well you're going to love it, you are high," Carl said, standing up and walking towards me.

"What's wrong with him?" I ask .

"Nothing, why don't you go up to bed," he said while moving me out of the room.

"Why?" I ask.

"Please, just go,"

"But I need to talk to him, to tell him something,"

"Can you tell him in the morning?" he asked. I frowned a little and slowly started to make my way to the stairs "thanks," he said and walked back into the living room. I stopped and walked towards the living room and stood outside it while listening.

"Who was that?" Logan asked.

"Megan," Carl said "and make that your last one," he ordered.

"Is she ok?" he asks

"Yeah, it seems she's had a bit to drink though,"he states.

"When doesn't she, if she's not drinking then she's crying or like an actual zombie," he states

"What do you expect?"

"Yes I expect it I'm just pointing it out; I'm off to go check on her,"

"No you're not,"

"Yes I am," and I hear movement. I quickly made my way upstairs as quietly as I could and then got changed into some clean clothes and walked into the bathroom to run myself a bath. When I walked back into my bedroom I saw him sitting there on my bed flicking through my phone. "Who's Brendan?" he asks, "he just sent you a text,"

"Urm just a friend," I said and went to take my phone off him but he moved it away from me.

"You called him the night you called me,"he said looking at me.

"Well I needed someone to talk to and well you didn't answer so I phoned him,"

"Why not Melanie?" he asks "she is your best friend," I frown at him. ~Why is he questioning me?

"Because Melanie isn't exactly in the greatest of places right now, why are you even asking me that question does it really matter?" I ask .

"Yeah it does," he said and then he moved his arms around me. I frowned, confused by his sudden move. "I need a hug," he says.

"Urm ok," I slowly said and hugged him back. "Why do you need a hug?"

"Because Carl has taken my weed off me," he huffed. I moved his arms from around me and walked into my bathroom then back out.

"Are you a stoner?" I ask. He looked at me tilted his head a little and smirked. "Oh my god you are,"

"No...No I'm not or at least I don't think I am, but you have to understand I'm in a bad way at the moment," he states.

"Bad way how?" I ask . He sighs and looks away from me "great so  you know everything about me and I know nothing about you," I paused. "You could at least open up to me you know, like how I open up to you, and then you wonder why I don't always tell you what's on my mind," I said and walked into the bathroom once more and then walked back out "I'm going in the bath I'd really like it if you weren't here when I have finished," I snapped and walked into the bathroom shutting and locking the door behind me.

Maybe I was being a bitch but how was I supposed to trust someone who doesn't tell me anything about themselves? 

I sighed and looked at my bath, the tap was still running and it was nowhere near done. I got undressed anyway and got in while the tap ran.

After twenty minutes I walked out of the bathroom with a towel tightly wrapped around my body and looked around my room and laid there fast asleep on my bed was Logan. I rolled my eyes and walked into my wardrobe to get dried and dressed. Once dressed I walked out of my wardrobe and looked at him, his arms resting over his head blocking out any light and he was laid on his stomach with his legs crossed. I smirked at the fact his feet hung off the end of my bed.

"Do you want me to move him?" I heard Carl say. I looked at him and shook my head.

"Its fine, I don't sleep much anyway. I think its best not to disturb him because he needs to sleep his high off," I said as I walked to my bed and moved back the covers. "And well it isn't the first time I've shared a bed with him," I mumbled and reached for my lamp.

"Ok then well I'll see you in the morning. Night," he said and shut the door behind him and then he opened it again and Max walked in and laid at the side of my bed. I smiled a little and got comfy while pulling my covers over my body.
###chapter 25
**Megan**

I woke to someone moving hair out of my face. My eyes opened, and I came face to face with Logan's crystal sky blue eyes. He gave me a small smile, which caused me to look at his lips. I cleared my throat and turned so I was lying on my back. "Morning," I said, still looking at the ceiling.

"Afternoon, you mean," he says. I frowned and looked at the clock to see it read 13:45. I raised my eyebrows a little and looked at Logan. "Where have you been?" he asks.

"In bed, as you can see," I say.

"I mean, where did you go on Sunday night?" he asks.

"I went out with a friend," I answered.

"All night?" I nodded. " Good job I didn't go to pick you up then, isn't it?" he said to himself. I frowned at him. "I had forgotten to pick you up from your granddad," he said. "Good job you're okay, though," he said and sat up.

"Well I feel wanted," I said to myself as I got out of my bed. He looked at me and frowned. I rolled my eyes and walked out of my room slamming the door behind me and walked down to the kitchen.

Once in the kitchen I see Carl putting some food out for Max. He looked at me and smiled a little. I sighed and walked to my laptop that was on the side. I switched it on and waited for it to load. "Are you ok?" he asks. I nodded "Did Logan do something?" he asked. I shook my head "Do you want anything to eat?" I shook my head in response "is Logan up?" I nodded "Are you going to talk at all today?"

"How long are you staying here for?"

"It speaks," he said in a fake shocking mock tone. I smiled a little "Did I just get a smile out of you?" he asked, moving over to me. I turned my head away from him so he couldn't see my face. "I did," he said happily with himself and then he moved his arms around me and I frowned confused. "You look like you need a hug," he said hugging me "you looked like you needed a hug last night, too to be honest with you," hesaid and rubbed my shoulders "I'm not going to let go till you hug me back," he says. I sigh and slowly moved my arms around him. "Now doesn't that feel wonderful?"

"You sound like one of those people that go round hugging random people going may peace be with you and love the earth and shit," I say.

"For all you know I could be one of those people," he says. I looked at him "I'm not but I could have been," he says. I sigh and hugged him properly. He smiled to himself "I was right, you needed a hug," he said and kept hugging me.

After a minute or so I pulled back from the hug and started to type my password into my laptop. "And to answer your question, I'm not leaving for a while as if I left I'd have nowhere to go," he states. I looked at him "I got kicked out for not paying rent and well although I do have money it's money I can't get my hand on because I haven't done the requirements to get it," he said and then walked towards the fridge "now do you want something to eat?" he asks again.

"Please," I said while watching my laptop load.

"Is an omelette ok?" he asks. I nodded and started to click onto my IM.

"Where did you and Logan go on Sunday?" I ask .

"Just a place for a friend," he said as he whisked eggs.

"You're not going to tell me either. Ok then, I just won't tell you both where I've been since Sunday night," I shrugged and looked at him. He rolled his eyes and continued whisking the eggs. Then Logan walked into the kitchen. He walked straight to the kitchen table and took an apple from the fruit bowl and turned on his heels while biting into the apple.

"Where are you going?" Carl asked as Logan had trainers on.

"To the gym that a problem?" he asks. Carl shook his head "Good," he said and walked out of the kitchen.

After a minute or so we heard the front door slam shut. "Fuck me have you both woke up on the wrong side today?" he asks me.

"I don't know what you're talking about, I'm not in any mood and well he obviously has a hedgehog stuck up his arse," I state. He laughed at me and made my omelette.

"Do you want bacon with it or anything else? I forgot to ask you," I shook my head.

"A plain omelette is fine," I state and carried on looking at my laptop. After so many minutes he placed the plate with the omelette on in front of me. I gave him a small smile as I clicked on my internet browser. "Have I done something to upset Logan at all?" I ask  Carl as I moved my laptop out of the way and placed the plate in front of me.

"Not what I know of why?" he asks.

"It's just Sunday I phoned him because I really needed to talk to him and he declined both of my calls, yesterday he seemed different with me for some reason and today well today he just seems pissed off," I said looking at him.

He sighs and stood from the chair he was sitting on " he has a lot on his mind at the moment that's all, give him a few days and he'll be fine," he said and walked out of the kitchen.

"Is he on his man period?" I called. I heard him laugh.

"Yeah something like that," he called back. I smiled a little and started to eat my breakfast. After about twenty minutes I walked into the living room with my laptop and sat down on the sofa. Carl looked at me and watched me as I placed my laptop on the coffee table.

"Did you eat it all?" he asks. I looked at him and slowly shook my head. He did the Logan thing and sighs while running his hand through his hair. "Why not?"

"I was full, I ate most of it and you can go look if you don't believe me, I have left the plate on the side so you know," I said and clicked onto Brendan's name on my IM list. I sent him a quick 'Hey' and then looked at Carl.

"You know you may have to go back in hospital if you don't start eating, right?" he asks. I sigh and looked back at my laptop screen.

"Yes and I do eat I just eat little portions. You act like I have an eating disorder I don't I just know there is no point in me putting weight on when as soon as my father gets back out he will make me lose it all again,"

"You do know right with what your dad has done it will be years before he gets anywhere near you," he says. I frowned and closed my laptop while standing up. He gave me a confused look and I picked up my laptop and started to walk away.

"That's what you think, you know nothing," I snapped as I walked past him and out of the living room.


###chapter 26
**Logan**

I stood at Stephanie's grave, my hands in my pockets. My fists clenched as I frowned; I didn't know what to do anymore. I had no one to truly confide in and get answers to the questions I needed to ask. "What should I do?" I muttered to myself as I stared at the silver letters of her full name.

"She isn't going to talk back," a woman said behind me. I turned to see my old therapist, Melanie's mom.

"What are you doing here?" I ask.

"I got a phone call from Carl telling me that you were quickly heading on a downward spiral to your past self," she explained. And well, I knew you would turn up here at some point," she states. I didn't think you would jog it, though," she says to herself and walks towards me. So what do you need help with?" she asks, still looking at me.

"Megan," I said quietly. She remained silent and looked at Stephanie's grave.

"It's weird how Megan is still alive don't you think?" I looked at her "I mean she has gone through a lot worse than what Stephanie went through and for a lot longer than Stephanie as her mother only had the psychotic break a year before Stephanie had been put on life support," she explained.

"What's your point?" I snapped.

"No point, I was just thinking out loud," she said and then turned to look at me "now tell me why you don't know what to do about Megan,"

"It's not that I don't know what to do it's just I don't know how to stop doing the wrong things," I took a deep breath "last night she yelled at me, I may have been imagining it as I was high but I think it did happen," I state "she was upset with me, she said I don't open up to her,"

"Do you?" she asks. I nodded, and then she tilted her head at me "Do you open up to her like she does to you? Like do you tell her what's on your mind and how you are feeling and what you have gone through?" she asks. I sigh and shake my head. "So how do you think she's feeling?" I shrugged, "she doesn't feel trusted by you, Logan and she's most likely feeling like she's living with a stranger that she's entrusted all her feeling onto, a person she doesn't even know,"

"But if I tell her everything she'll never trust me and most likely be disgusted by me," she sighs "I mean I wasn't the most pleasant of people before was I?"

"No, but do you really think she'll hate you?" she asks. I nod and close my eyes. "How does that make you feel?" I smirk. Yeah, I know the most famous question in my profession," she says.

"I wouldn't be able to bare it if she ever hated me, even the thought; me makes me want to break,"

"You need her then?" she asks. I nodded "just like she needs you, and you need to start opening up to her because once you do she'll start to come out of her shell more,"

"She's already come out of her shell," I say.

"What do you mean?"

"She has a love bite, three to be exact which means she's already come out of that shell of hers,"

"Who by?"

"Not by me that's for one," I said and looked at her. "And before you ask I am completely outraged and if I find out who, I will kill them with my own hands," I say. She smiled a little and shook her head while looking away from me.

"Don't let jealousy get the better of you Logan," she stated and then started to walk away "Come on you're not going to find any answers here," she says, I sigh and look away from her "now Logan," she snapped. I growled and followed her out of the graveyard to her car. She turned to look at me once we got to her car. "Why did you run it here?" she asks. "Especially with your leg,"

"I needed to be out of that house and well jogging clears my mind, and as for my leg no pain no gain," I state and opened the passenger door to her car. "Why would you leave your car unlocked?"

"Well it's a guarded graveyard that's why," she said and got in the driver's seat. She shut the door and then turned to look at me. "You have to talk to her, do you understand me?" she asks. I sigh "There's no way around it Logan, you know everything about that girl and she only knows the basics of you,  if you don't want her to shut you out, then you need to open up," she explained.

"Fine," I said defeated.

"You don't have to tell her everything all at once, just tell her little bits. Like tell her about Stephanie," she paused, waiting for me to answer her. I slowly shook my head "Well don't be surprised when she starts to push you away and let someone else in," she said and started the car.

After so many minutes she sighs and looks at me. I frowned at her and looked away. "You need a good slap you do," she suddenly said, making me look at her and frown.

"What?"

"You heard," she said looking back onto the road "you need some sense knocking into you and well if I could take you Logan I'd gladly slap you silly," she says.

"Are you even allowed to say any of this to me?" I ask .

"I don't care if I am or if I'm not, you're not going to report me anyway," she said and glanced at me "you don't seem to realise anything, you never realise when you're wrong or what you're doing is wrong,"

"Urm excuse me I realised that falling for my student was and is wrong,"

"Do you really think so?" she asked and glanced at me "even if you and her became lovers you'd be the best man she's had in her life for a very long time. Because let's face it her ex-boyfriend wasn't exactly a saint to her," she muttered.

"What do you mean?"

"Stop changing the subject," she snapped while slapping my leg, my bad lag at that, I winced a little "did that hurt?"

"Not at all, that's why I'm wincing in pain," I say.

"Good I'm glad it hurts because that's what you deserve," she snapped and then the car was silent.

She drove into the driveway of the house I was living in with Megan and turned the engine off. I sigh and look towards the door of the house to see her talking to a dark haired guy. "What the hell is he doing here?" I heard Susan say. I looked at her, "I don't see him all weekend and I find him here, great," she huffed and got out of the car.

"That's your son?"

"Yes, it's Brendan,"

"How do you even know?" I ask,  getting out of the car.

"Because a mother knows what her son looks like from behind and well that's his motorbike which he shouldn't be riding," she said and walked towards the house.

I sigh and walk around the car to the house. Megan and Brendan both turned to look at us and Brendan muttered something which caused Megan to smile a little.

"What are you doing here?" Susan snapped at her son.

"I was on my way home, I was just leaving,"he said, frowning a little and looked at Megan.

"It's my fault you haven't seen him all weekend,"

"No it isn't I saw you Sunday. Saturday and Friday I was just avoiding home," he said and then looked at his mom. "Yeah it's entirely her fault,"he says.

"Get home,"

"I've been home though and well dad knows I'm out," he said and then frowned once more "why am I even explaining this, I'm not 12," he said to himself.

Megan sighs and looked towards me, she was dressed now and it seemed she had noticed the love bites on her neck as she was now wearing a turtle neck jumper.

"It is my fault," Megan said looking at Susan "something happened and I needed someone to talk to and well I had no one, so I phoned him," she said and Susan sighs "sorry," Megan said and then folded her arms.

"And now?" Susan asked.

"And now well he just turned up, that's none of my doing," she states.

"It is, because we were texting and I asked  you how you were and you just put; 'been worse,' so when I asked  you if you wanted to talk you said yes hence why I signed out," he says. Susan sighs and rubs her temples. 
"Anyway why are you asking me why I'm here, why are you here?" he asks.

"She's my psychologist," I said and walked up the steps "and she was giving me a lift home," I said and then walked past Megan. I now knew who the person was that gave Megan the love bites. I walked up to my bedroom and into the bathroom while taking my top off.

"I thought you were off to the gym," I heard Carl state.

"I changed my mind and went for a run instead," I paused and looked at him "Why do I look like I need to go to the gym?" I ask 

"Yeah, you're getting a belly,"

"Where," I said, looking down at myself.

"It's underneath that amazing hot six pack of yours,"

"Why did you phone Susan?" I ask .

"Because I'm worried about you, you're not exactly the best person to be around right now,"he states.

"Yeah well if you don't like it you know what to do," I say.

"Why do you have to hurt my feelings like that," he fake cried "all I do is care about you and this is how you treat me, I won't be surprised if I come home one day to find you in bed with another woman," he fake cried and then did a dramatic huff and stuck his nose in the air while folding his arms and walking off. "Don't think you're getting any tonight," he called.

"Aww boo who," I said to myself and walked back into the bathroom to get a shower.

After my shower I walked into my bedroom with the towel wrapped around me and saw Megan sitting on my bed. I gave her a confused look and she stood and then without giving me warning hugged me.
###chapter 27

**Megan**

Logan's arms went around me and he hugged me back. I remained silent. All I had been wanting since Sunday night was this hug, the hug that made me feel safe and secure. It was only him that could give this hug to me, no one else. He always made me feel completely safe. 

He caressed down my back and I moved my hands down his back and then only just realising that he was wet. I pulled back and then quickly folded my arms across my body.

"What's wrong?" he asks while moving the hair that was now stuck to the side of my face because of him. I looked him in the eyes and then looked away and hugged him again. "Are you going to tell me?" 

"Yeah, I just need a hug first," I say. He chuckles and wraps his arms around me. I smile to myself ever so slightly and then pull away. I should probably let you get dressed first," I say slowly, stepping away from him.

"Yeah that would be a good idea,"he said and moved a hand to his towel. I bit my bottom lip and looked him up and down and then frowned at myself and walked out of his room. I had just checked him out right in front of him too. I squeezed my eyes shut and an image of him standing in a towel came to my mind. I quickly opened my eyes and walked into my room to see Brendan still lying on my bed reading the back of a DVD.

"How is he?" he asks.

"Fine," I said smiling to myself, "very fine,"

"You have a crush on him," he said still while reading.

"No," I said and walked over to my bed. 

"Sure you don't," he states and then looks at me. "That was quick anyway,"

"He needs to get dressed," I say.

"Oh, why is your hair wet," he said, touching my hair.

"Urm no reason," I said and looked down "so have you picked a movie?" 

"Nope," he said and looked at another one.

I sigh and walk back out of my room to Logan's room. I knocked on his door and then slowly opened it to see him sitting on his bed reading through a piece of paper. He put the paper on his bedside table and then looked at me. I gave him a small smile as I registered what he was wearing and it was just a pair of jeans and it seemed to be dark blue Calvin Klein boxers. I frowned once more and looked down at the floor, why did I just notice what boxers he was wearing? I ask  myself and then shut his bedroom door and sat down in front of him on his bed.

He stood and walked over to the mirror picking up something and then sitting back down in front of me. "Do you mind if I put these in?" he asks holding two lip rings. I shook my head and watched him as he put them in. "You can talk to me while I do it,"he says. 

"Urm ok," I breathed and then looked away from him and took a deep breath and then looked back at him "on Sunday my grandfather told me something," I state. He looked at me once he had finished putting one lip ring in. "He said my father was going to be getting out this year," he stopped what he was doing and his face became emotionless. Then he frowned and looked at me "Something about he wouldn't last in prison and he may only get a light sentence because he is mentally ill and urm he had been in a psychiatric hospital before and it didn't help, so they may resort to do what they did last time," I said and paused "and last time he lived at home with a carer that supplied him with his medication and then he went to a psychiatrist and it got sorted and he became better," I looked down at my lap as I said all this. "And as he wasn't in his right mind when everything that happened to me he may not be found guilty on all of the charges," I said "which means he may only get six months maybe a year but either way he's going to be out soon," I explained. 

Logan stood and paced up and down and then out of nowhere he threw his lip ring at the mirror causing it to crack and stormed off into the bathroom slamming the door behind him causing me to jump. I stood and walked towards the mirror to see his lip ring stuck into the mirror. My eyebrows rose and I took the lip ring from the mirror and walked to the bathroom door. I went to knock when the door opened and he stood there facing me causing me to gulp.

"I'm sorry," he suddenly said. I frowned "I told you I'd always be there for you no matter what and that whenever you called me I would answer and that night I didn't answer you even though you phoned me twice. I broke that promise and I'm sorry,"he said and stepped forward. "I'll never break that promise again and that's a promise,"he said and pulled me into a hug. "Do you forgive me?" he asks.

"Yeah," I said and moved my arms around him "it wasn't like I had no one to talk to about it you know," I state. He sighs and held me tighter. 

"I know and it sucks to know that you had someone that isn't me to comfort you,"he said "I want to be the only one you tell things to,"he states. 

I sigh and pulled away from him while looking down at my feet and then looked up at him. He slowly started to lean forward. I gulped and turned my head a little to look away from him so he didn't kiss me "I should probably go," I said as I slowly moved to look at him, his lips not that far from mine. He agreed quietly but still didn't pull away and neither did I. I expected myself to be scared now like I am whenever anyone else gets this close to me. The only time I didn't was when I was drunk but not right now. Right now I was completely sober and I wanted him to kiss me, just like I have before. It was strange but he was the only person I wasn't scared of.

Our lips lingered towards each other. I bit my bottom lip and then looked down. We were touching, his hands were at my hips, my hands were on his bare chest and now his head was leaned on mine. "This shouldn't be happening," I said quietly. "I'm not supposed to fall for you, you're my teacher and we have to remember that," I said and he sighs and kisses the top of my head.

"I know, but I've tried to ignore my feelings for you but like they said you can't ignore the strong feelings you have for someone,"he states. 

"You're not listening, the fact you're my teacher is just an excuse. I wouldn't care if you were my head teacher and if I liked you I'd still go after you," I say. He raised his eyebrows, "It's just I can't feel like this because I know it will end bad and someone will get hurt," I explained "and well I know that I'm not emotionally stable for any of this," I say. 

"The fact that you know you're emotionally unstable means you are ready," he paused "but I know what you mean, but it is obvious we are both attracted to each other,"he says. "Because right now I want to kiss you," I looked up at him, he smirked "and if you don't let me I'm just going to be kicking myself all night," 

"Why should I let you kiss me?" I ask 

"Because you want me to," he said still with that charming devilish smirk. 

"No, why should I let someone I know nothing about kiss me?" I ask . 

"I don't get cold sores," he said with a smile. I smiled a little trying to stop myself from smiling fully, he chuckled "it's true I've never had one and well, I think that's the most important thing," he paused "apart from whether or not I'm a good kisser but you know that already,"

"Logan, I'm serious, I know nothing about you, you don't tell me anything about you and you expect me to tell you everything about me," I say.

He sighs "Tomorrow I will tell you everything,"

"You're just saying that so I'll let you kiss me,"

"No I'm not, we're going out as we do need to talk as I have some questions for you,"he states. "I probably won't tell you everything but I'll tell you as much as I'm willing to tell you," he explained.

"Like?"

"Like how I was a couple of years ago, like how I was practically just a stoner and because I had money I used it for things that would lock me up for life,"he says. My eyebrows knitted together "I just hope you won't hate me once hearing some of the things,"he says. 

"Is that why you haven't told me anything?" I ask .

"Yeah,"he said and then looked me in the eyes "having you hate me would be," he paused as he moved a bit of my hair "it would be hell for me," he and then kissed me. 
###chapter 28

**Megan**

I slowly kissed him back and moved my hands around his neck. He then pulled back then kissed me again quickly and his hands moved up and down my back. My lips parted nearly automatically when his tongue touched them. His hands touched mine and moved down my forearm and back up to my hands. He intertwined our fingers and brought my hands down with his. His taste, smell and touch slowly started to turn me on as the kiss became deeper and our tongues started to overlap each other. 

He took one of his hands from mine and moved it around waist. I inhaled quickly when I felt his hand go under my top and touch the warm skin of my back. He went to pull away but I stopped him by moving my hand to the back of his head and pulling him by his hair towards me with my now free hand. He chuckled into the kiss and then moved the hand he was holding to join my other hand and then moved both his hands to my wrists. His thumbs started caressing my wrists and then stopped and he slowly moved my sleeves up and then went back to my wrists and I could feel him slowly start to stop kissing me.  I tried moving my hands from around him but he held them tightly and then fully pulled away from me. He looked me in the eyes as he brought my hand down so he could look at my wrist. I tried once more to get my hand free but he held it tightly. I gulped as he looked at my wrist. "You said you wouldn't do it anymore,"he states.

"No, I said I'd talk to you when I felt like doing it but you wouldn't talk to me,"

"These were done today," he snapped.

"I know and you weren't here, you had gone off in a mood somewhere," I said and looked down "I tried ringing you but your phone was off," I state. I sigh and look down at my feet "I'm sorry, but when you're not here and I need you I don't know what else to do, because everything hurts," I cried. He sighs and hugs me tightly. 

"I'm sorry too," he said "I'll be here from now on," and he kissed the top of my head. A few minutes passed and we pulled away from the hug. I looked at him and felt his arms go around my waist once more and hold me tightly. "I don't really want to let go,"he said with a small smirk.

"Well you have to as well I have an annoyed Brendan in my room that wants to watch a scary movie with me," he pulled back a little and frowned "he doesn't want to go home," I state. He sighs and moves his hands from around me.

"Ok,"he said and opened the door to his room, "I need to make a phone call anyway,"he said and walked out. I sigh and walk out of his room and into mine to see Brendan had chosen a film and had found my alcohol stash.

"I'm staying here tonight ok," he states rather than ask.

"Ok then," I frowned and shut my bedroom door and sat on my bed ready to watch the movie with him. He offered me the bottle of vodka in his hand. I shook my head and rested my head on his lap. 

"So what's the 4-1-1 with you and Logan?" he asks.

"Nothing, I have a slight crush on him and well that's it,"

"Yeah you were just making out with him for about ten minutes,"

"I was not," I huffed.

"Sure you weren't. I'm being serious though, are you and him a couple?"

"No and we never will be, I think really my attraction to him is because he's showing me attention and nothing more," I paused "there's nothing other than lust and attraction between us,"

"Good," he said and stroked my hair "because I have a feeling he may hurt you and you don't deserve that,"he says. I looked up at him to see him look away from the TV and look at me. "I care about you a lot," I sigh "and you know I do," and then he kissed my forehead and looked back at the TV.

---

Next morning I stood ready for Logan. Brendan was still in my bed fast asleep, I had to make sure he wasn't dead as I had made quite a bit of noise this morning and he still hadn't woken up. The reason I made so much noise was because Logan had told me to go get changed three times. Why is that? I hear you ask. Wellhe said he wants me wearing something that doesn't scream' I'm depressed as shit right now and said one bad thing to me and I may just go jump off the nearest cliff' and those were his exact words.

"That's better,"he said smiling. I huffed and folded my arms.

"I don't like wearing skirts," I mutter. 

"Well I don't see why not," he said, stretching as he grabbed his jacket. 

"Who's the fittie in the mini?" I heard Carl from behind me. I looked towards the game room to see him smirking at me. I rolled my eyes and tightened my folded arms. He frowned and stood in front of me. "What's wrong honey bunny?" he asks, pouting at me. 

"I don't want to wear the skirt,"

"Why not you look hot and if you were just a few months older I'd do you," he paused and thought about it "no wait I'd do you anyway,"he said to himself. "But you look hot,"he said, eyeing me up. I felt myself slowly wanting to crawl away into a hole as he looked at me. He stopped and looked away then sighs and looked back at me but in the eyes this time. "Keep the skirt on," he said and then started to walk up the stairs. "I won't be here when you get back,"

"Why?" Logan asked.

"I have a gang bang and then a band practice at a party and then another gang bang," he says. And then stopped in the middle of the stairs and turned to his side while looking at Logan. "You're going to be missing all this action,"he said and then stood straight and did an hourglass figure and pretended to bend what was in front of him and move his hips back and forth and then did a big cheesy grin "Oh yeah," he mouthed.

"That's nice to know," Logan said with a nod of his head. 

"But don't worry if I have enough juice left I'll rape you when I get home,"he said with a cheesy grin.

"Ok then I look forward to it," Logan commented and Carl walked off upstairs.

"Bye you two and don't get into trouble,"he said and walked off to his room. I looked at Logan.

"Is he on medication?" I ask . He shook his head "He should be," I state and grabbed my coat and opened the large oak front door. I walked towards the car and Logan walked out after me following me to the car.

###chapter 29
**TPPV**

Brendan watched from Megan's window as she climbed into Logan's black Porsche and then watched them drive off. He sighs and looked at his phone and searched through his contacts to find Melanie's number. He put the phone to his ear and waited for her to answer.

"What do you want?" Melanie snapped.

"What's wrong with you?"

"Nothing it's just I've had no sleep because I've had to listen to mom and dad argue over you," she paused "it'd really help if you were here sometimes," 

"I'm sorry,"he said and sat on Megan's bed and reaching for his cigarettes.

"So what do you want?"

"Where's mom working today?" he asks.

"I think she's working at the main site because one of her patients needs to be supervised because of what happened last time," she states.

"The one that told her about his dream and then tried to act out his dream,"he states.

"Yeah and well as he's being sectioned he's demanding it's only her he sees," Melanie stated.

"Ok," Brendan sighs "Are you at school?"

"Yeah," she says.

"Good, I'll be home tonight by the way. Cya soon,"he said and put the phone down and quickly got dressed. Once dressed, he made his way down the giant staircase and out of the big oak front door to his motorbike. 

After around ten minutes he was home. He walked into his home and looked around "Mom," he shouted and he got no answer "Dad?" and he got no answer again. He sighs in relief and walked towards his mothers work room. He tried the door but it was locked. He sighs and walked into the kitchen got a knife and then walked up the stairs to Melanie's room and took a few hair pins from her dresser. He then made his way back downstairs to his mother work room and started to pick the lock. After a few minutes the door unlocked and he walked in shutting the door behind him. 

Brendan made his way to a filing cabinet labelled with letters. The first one read A to F the second G to L the third M to Q the forth marked R to U and the fifth one V to Z. He frowned trying to remember something. 

"Logan," he said to himself "What was Melanie saying?" he asked himself "Mr P, P," he sighs and growled in frustration and went to the third drawer. "Does she have to lock everything," he growled and started to pick the drawer. 

Ten minutes passed and he had finally unlocked it, "That was a tricky one,"he said and opened up the drawer. He scoured through file after file going past names and then he saw L.Peters. He looked down a few names to see there were no more L.Peters. He took the file out and his eyes widened. "Fuck me you must be one messed up fucker,"he said referring to how thick the file was. He then sat down in the chair his mother would sit in and opened up the file. He raised his eyebrows as he turned each divider in the file all saying 'Private and Confidential' in bold red letters. He sighs and sat back looking at the file but not fully looking at what it was saying. He knew what he was doing was breaking the law but he also knew there was something about him that he was hiding from Megan. 

Flicking through the pages skim reading most of them and not reading others he stopped once he saw it said Age 18. He skimmed read it at first until it started to get more interesting. 'Morbid thoughts' it read in his mother's handwriting and underlined in red 'excessive need to rebel and spend money' 'drug use' 'manic depression since wife was put on life support' 'violent outburst' 'making decisions that wouldn't normally make e.g. having someone beaten' Brendan's eyes widened as those words stood out. He sighs and starts to read from the beginning. He started from when Logan's wife died and read all the way through.

Brendan was shocked to discover that Logan had hired several men to beat several people and had once hired someone to kill someone but later called off the hit. He had also learnt that Logan had once tried to take his own life and was taking heroin to control himself. 

The document had also told Brendan that Logan had a sex addiction, drug addiction and a mental dependence on marijuana and by the age of 19 he had moved to England and was sectioned. It was there he took up a teaching course and made himself a qualified teacher at the age of 21. Logan had been released from rehab and the hospital last year in May. 

The front door slamming shut made Brendan jump. He quickly put the file back together in the right order as he had kept it in order as he went along.  He stood and put the file back in the drawer and then walked over to the door and opened it slowly and the first thing he saw was his sister. His eyes widened a little and he looked at the clock to see it was 1pm, he looked back to see her drag a boy into the house and then kiss him. Brendan sighs in relief and walks over to the filing cabinet to lock it back up. He then walked out of his mothers work room and shut the door. The sound of it clicking indicating it had locked itself.  He leant against it while folding his arms watching them. He watched as his sister kissed the boy and then started to lead him upstairs.

"Wow,"he said loudly so she heard him. She jumped back from the boy and looked down at him. He walked over to them. "I never thought you were one of them girls,"he said and then looked at the boy. 

"Leave before I make you a woman,"he says. 

"I never got her drunk,"he says.

"Leave," Brendan warned. The boy nodded and left leaving a drunken Melanie on the stairs. Brendan sighs and looks at his sister. "What are you doing?" he asks.

"Nothing," she said and turned stumbling as she tried to walk up the stairs. He sighs and caught her before she fell and then picked her up bridal style. He carried her to her room and then laid her on her bed. 

"What's going on?" he asks. She remained silent "What were you doing with that guy?"

"He's a friend?" 

"Melanie, he looked older than me," he states. She huffed and turned away from him "What's wrong?"

"Everything," she whispered. 

"And you thought having your first with some guy that doesn't even care about you would make you feel better?" he asks. "You are still a virgin right?"

"Yes,"

"Thank god," 

"You sound like dad," she said, rolling her eyes and sitting up to look at him.

"Well you're my sister, and I know you're going to one day I'm not bothered to be honest I was just hoping that this was the first time you've done that,"

"It is," she said and laid her head on her head board and looked down. She sighs and looked at him "Megan hardly talks to me," she states "and I feel like a very shitty friend because she couldn't even tell me that her dad was raping her and I don't blame her because I didn't even believe her, even the night before she went into hospital I never truly believed her." She paused "And that makes me a shit friend because I should have," she paused "when I think about it most of the things that have happened to her could have being avoided if I had ignored her and just told someone what she had told me," she sighs and then started to fiddle with her lip ring "and well I just feel like I can't control anything anymore, I'm failing at school and well I sort of want a boyfriend," she said looking down a bit embarrassed. "I mean no guy ever looks at me, it's always the others, it's like I have this big sign above my head saying don't come near she's not girlfriend material,"

"Don't worry you don't," he paused and moved his hand above her head and looked up "Nope you don't," 

She giggled "But you got to admit when I'm at school it's like oh that's Brendan's sister and then they go no it isn't she's nothing like him," she states.

"First of all you're not going to be like me as you're a girl,"he states "and second you have your own personality and you do have guys that look at you trust me," her stated. She looked at him "A few of my friends fancy you which is annoying because at one point we were in the Mall and I didn't notice you and one of them told me to look at this fittie and when I looked I saw it was you I was like that's my sister arsehole,"he said while scratching his head "and do you want to know what he said to me after that?" 

"What?"

"Well she's got a nice pair, give me her number," he paused. "Unfortunately for him he knows if he makes a comment like that about you again he will not live next time I beat him," Brendan stated. "Just because a guy isn't hooking up with you every minute of the day doesn't mean they aren't finding you attractive. It's all to do with what a girl gives off and well a guy can look at you and know you're not easy that is why, most want an easy lay."he states "And well unlike most girls you have standards or at least I hope because the guy you were just necking didn't seem to be high standard," Melanie sighs "get some sleep and sleep off the alcohol before mom and dad get home.

"You won't tell them will you?" she asks.

"No, as long as you don't do it again."

"I won't," she paused. "I think I'm going to throw up," she said, getting up and running into the bathroom. Brendan pulled a disgusted look when he heard her being sick and then walked out of her bedroom to his own.
###chapter 30
**TPPV**

Megan looked at Logan as he pulled up into a parking spot. She knew where she was as she had visited it many times when she was a child to climb trees with her dad and with friends. It was a woods that had a dog walking area and walking area. It was well known for the animals that ran around the woods and it was a popular place for bird watchers. There was a river that ran through it with a waterfall. The land was owned by a family that lived close to where they were parked. The family also owned a well run and well populated cafe for tourists, bird watchers and hunters would visit whenever they needed a top up. 

She got out of the car as Logan got out of the car and watched him take Max out of the back. The giant dog ran out and then ran round to Megan sniffing her and then went back to Logan. Logan let him jump on him as he put his lead on.  And then locked the car and walked round to Megan.

"Do you want a coffee?" he asks. Megan looked at him and then shook her head. "I'll get you one because you'll probably want one in a bit to keep yourself warm."he said and then walked towards the cafe. He stopped at a window that had a woman standing waiting. Megan ran up to him and then stood beside him.

"Hey Logan," a blonde girl said. She looked a little older than Megan. "How are you? I haven't seen you in ages?" she asks.

"I've been in hospital that's why, I'm not allowed to run as much," he states and then takes out his wallet.

"Oh I'd ask why but my dad said I shouldn't be nosy," she said smiling, showing off pearly whites. 

"I think he's right,"he said, smiling a little. She huffed and then giggled. "Can I have two large coffees?" he asks "Extra hot," he added.

"Sure thing," she said, "how many sugars?" she asks. Logan looked at Megan.

"Two," she says.

"Two in both please,"he states. The girl nodded and took a quick glimpse at Megan and then walked off to do their coffee. After five minutes the girl returned with two large thermal coffee bottles. The type that held one and a half litres and had a cup attached to them. 

"Because I'm guessing you thought the cups were going to be just ordinary size I put four in because this holds double as what the small holds." she states and placed them on the counter in front of them. Logan took one and handed it to Megan and then took the other. He handed the girl ten dollars and then walked off.

"Keep the change,"he says.

"Thanks you are paying for my night outs," she said smiling. 

"Every little helps," he said, turning and looking at the girl. She smiled and he turned back "I need to get my cane,"he said looking at her.

"I'll get it," she said and took the car keys from his hands. She opened the boot and took out his black cane and then shut it and turned to see him watching her. She smiled a little and started to walk towards him while pressing the button on the keys for the car to lock. Megan then ran over to him and handed him the cane and put his keys into his jacket.

"I could have done that myself, I'm not completely crippled," he said looking at her.

"Do you not realise your hands are full?" she asks. He frowned and looked and then smirked. "Hmm I wonder if you have lost your sense of touch as well," she said as she took Max's lead out of his hand and walked off with his dog. 

An hour had passed and they were by the river that ran through the woods. Megan and Logan were sitting on a bench while Max ran after a squirrel that was obviously toying with him. They hadn't spoken about much, they had mostly kept referring to the fact that Max and the squirrel almost looked like a cartoon. 

"So I'm guessing the girl that got us our coffee you had slept with," Megan stated.

"How could you tell?" he asks.

"The look she gave you and then gave me and then gave you once more," she said "it was almost as if she was replaying the night you had spent with her in her head when she looked at you," she paused "not to mention she checked you out at least three times," she says.

"Observant I see,"he states. Megan smiled a little and shook her head.

"When you have a friend who is like a trained spy you tend to pick up on some things," she paused and lent back while taking a sip of her coffee that was still remarkably warm. "Plus I got used to reading body language," 

"Well it was just the once and I hardly remember, I think I was very drunk and I think she was too," he paused "I'm not too sure,"

"Maybe, I don't know as I know nothing about the 'old' you," she states.

"You will do, you will know everything soon enough,"he states.

"So start now then," she says.

"I don't really know where to start," he muttered "I guess the beginning is always the best," he sighs "I've been seeing a psychiatrist since I was 11," he said suddenly "ever since I told my father I hated him and told me mother that I thought she was nothing but an ice queen," he paused "I was a violent person for a while,"

"How violent,"

"Violent enough to put someone I didn't know in a coma for three months," he says. Megan's eyes widened and she looked down at her coffee.

"Would you do that now?" 

"Not to you,"he says. She looked at him "not to anyone who's important to me but I could to someone who has hurt the people important to me,"

"That's understandable," Megan said.

"I didn't used to think like that though, I pushed the people I care about away and when I met Stephanie she was the only person I let in and the only person I cared about. My aunt and uncle didn't like the fact me and 

Stephanie were together because of the influence she had on me," Logan paused and took a deep breath "I was never home I was out partying and doing drugs," he started to explain "I had so much money I didn't know what to do with it, I gave a load to a friend of mine so he could by a house that w3e could have parties in. I bought a car I didn't need as well I never like driving,"he states "I pretty much spent money because I didn't want it,"

"What did you do after Stephanie died?" Megan asked.

"I became worse...this is where it all becomes dark really,"

"What do you mean?" she asks. He sighs and sat up moving his head on his hands while staring at his dog. 

"Promise you won't hate me,"he says. Megan giggled a little and Logan looked at her his eyes wide.

"Sorry, it's just hate you Logan I can't hate you no matter what you've done because you've always been really nice to me," she said after she had stopped laughing.

Logan smiled a little and looked down, "I nearly killed someone with my bare hands," he says. Megan gasped, her eyes shocked as she looked at him. "I had originally hired someone to kill the man but I called it off and went after him myself. It was weird because back then I didn't have any fear of anything because I knew I could get myself out of any situation. Especially that night when I held a gun to that man's head I felt nothing but complete excitement. I felt joy in having that man's life in my hands to play with because I had complete control. It was the first time in a while that I had felt those kinds of emotions," Logan paused and looked at Megan to see the shock on her face "I'd understand if you hated me and if you never wanted to," he stopped when she hugged him.

"Why would I hate you? That isn't the man I know," she said, holding him tightly.

"For now I'm not," he says. She pulled away and looked at him "I'm not doing so well right now and well I can feel myself slipping back into those ways and if I do then what?" he asks.

"What's happened?" she asks. He looked away from her frowning at himself and rubbing his hands over his face. "Is it me?" she finally asked. He looked at her "You've only started acting like this since I got out of hospital, is it me?" she asks.

"What? No. Never," he said softly and moved his fingers through her hair.

"Then what?" she asks.

"I...I can't tell you," he said and looked away from her. Megan sighs and puts her coffee down on the ground and moves her hands into her pockets. 

"Ok," she says. There was silence for a moment when she spoke again, "Is it something to do with your ex-wife?" she asks. Logan's eyes widened and he looked at her "has it been the anniversary of her death or something?" she asks. Logan sighs and looks away from her and as he nodded to her question he clenched his fists. Megan slowly moved her hand to his hands. "It's ok," she said "I understand you just feel lonely at the moment and well I don't exactly help when I keep leaning on you," she said and held his hand tighter "I think maybe you should try leaning on me a little," she says. Logan sighs and turns his head to look away from her. Megan sighs and looks down at her feet. She didn't understand how she couldn't be any help to him. She had lost two people in her life that she loved dearly. Her mother was the first person and then her father to his illness. She thought she'd be the best person to understand what he was going through but it seemed she didn't. She sighs heavily and takes her hand out of his and looks down at her lap. Her eyes slowly started to water "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I'm sorry for not being any help," she said, justifying her first apology. She felt his eyes on her and then his arms went around her.

"You are help, I'm just an arse that's all,"he said holding her. Then Max ran up to them making them both jump apart from each other. 

"Oh you're done playing cat and mouse with the squirrel," Megan said looking at him and petting under his chin. Logan stood and looked down at them both. Megan looked up at him, gave him a small smile and then stood up. Logan bent down and picked up a stick throwing it far in the direction they were walking. Max jumped and ran after it. Megan's eyes trailed down Logan's back as he took his jacket off and she smiled a little and walked off. "You shouldn't walk around with your jeans round your ankles, you'll fall," she said walking past him. 

Logan looked down on himself and frowned a little confused, "What do you mean?" he asks.

"I'm talking about the back, I just got a view of your boxers as I'm sure the girls behind us did too," she states.

"Well you shouldn't be looking you pervert, violating me with your eyes like that," he huffed.

"It's not exactly hard to miss," she states, turning to face him. His jaw dropped "I'm not saying your arse is fat or big I mean the boxers aren't hard to miss when they are on a good looking man," she says. 

He raised an eyebrow "Are you saying I'm good looking?"

She smiled and turned back round. "Come on because I'm not waiting for you," she says. Logan smirked and ran up to her. She looked up at him and then smiled. 
###chapter 31
**Megan**

I sat there looking at Logan as we sat on the river bank decking to see him looking straight up at the sky. I shivered and folded my arms across my chest. I was freezing and it was his entire fault for making me wear a skirt. My legs were now blue and were almost matching my leg warmers. I cursed under my breath as I had left my coffee by the bench we are sitting at. 

"Care to tell me about your relationship with Brendan?" he asks. 

"We're friends,"

"He sighs "Do you really expect me to believe that when you go out with him for a full 48 hours and come back with love bites and then he sleeps the night the next day?" he asks. I sigh and look down.

"I was drunk and so was he," I say. His head shot up and straight away I knew what he was thinking "No we did not do it," I state, "We made out a couple of times I think well he said we did so I guess we did," she paused "he'd never sleep with me not yet anyway, he said 'eighteen and over always,' He doesn't want some 16 year old coming up to him thinking he's in love with them when he really isn't" I state.

"What if he is in love with someone under the age of eighteen?" he asks.

"He'd make an exception obviously but only if the girl was ready, he's actually a really decent person which is what people don't realise when looking at him." I paused "In a way he's like you," he raised his eyebrows at me "he's just like you but a younger version if he cares about someone he does anything he can to make sure they're safe and well if anyone hurts the people he cares about or loves he would kill them." I smirked 

"You can look at me like that all you want but he is exactly like you when it comes to affection and caring for someone," I stated and looked away from him. He sighs which indicated he had finally given up being stubborn and agreed with me.

Silence laced over us. I could feel him tensing up at every second that passed. The wind blew and max who was enjoying himself in the river, tried to get the birds and get the stick Logan had thrown for him.

"Are you sure that dog is really a dog, isn't it cat's who normally go after birds?" I ask .

"I do sometimes wonder," Logan said and lent back and looked at me. I smiled and watched Max carry a stick in his mouth while he doggy paddled towards us. Logan took the stick and threw it far down the river.

"That was mean, he'll never find it," I state. He chuckled and I watched Max swim as fast as he could towards where Logan had thrown the stick. I heard Logan move and then felt something drop on my shoulders. I looked at Logan to see he had taken his jacket off.

"Take your jacket off and put mine on and put yours on your legs,"he states.

"Why don't I just put yours on my legs?"

"Because my jacket would look better on you,"he states. I sigh and do what he says. He smiled "See I was right yet again, my jacket looks better on you,"he says.

I rolled my eyes and folded my arms across my chest. "Urm..." I started getting nervous on the subject I was going to bring up. He looked at me "Last night we kissed," 

"So,"he said "we've kissed quite a few times," 

"Urm...this time I was sober and so was you...and you may have forgotten because you haven't been at work for a while but you're my teacher and well there are consequences to kissing a student," I state. He sighs and I finally looked at him to see him smiling a little. "Is it only me that sees those consequences because I don't want you to get into trouble, and I know last night I didn't say that I said the complete opposite but you could lose a lot from what we have done," I explained and he was still smiling.

"Now you see this is where I show how much smarter I am to you,"he said smiling "the only way for me to get into trouble is if you told people that would tell the school. Have you told people?" he asks.

"I've told Melanie and Brendan and well Julie's like some mind reader so she knows we've kissed,"

"Now do you really think those people would tell anyone," he paused. "I don't because they all want you to be happy and if they thought I was going to make you unhappy they would tell someone. Or if they thought I had forced myself onto you which I would never in a million years. I'm guessing they don't because I would probably have been arrested by now," he explained. I sigh and look away from him shaking my head a little. 

"What if I don't want a relationship with you? Then what?" I asked  and looked at him to see the smile fade into a barely there frown. 

"I wouldn't be able to do anything about it, it's up to you on whether you want to be with me or not,"he states and I could tell as he said it, it hurt him. It was the best though to hurt him now rather than string him along and hurt him later on. 

"How about we just do what we said we'd do when we first kissed?" I suggested he looked at me confused, "wait till I am out of high school and see if we still have feelings for each other," I say. He sighs and nods. I smiled and looked at him "Good because it isn't like you have long to wait really," I said and stood up.

"I'm an impatient man," he said, getting up and looking up at me. 

"Could have fooled me, I think you are very patient," I said and as I took off his jacket and put on my own he stepped to the side of me. I looked up at him to see him looking straight ahead and then he took his jacket off me and put it on. He turned and looked at the river to see Max still swimming around. He moved his right hand to his lips forming a circle with his thumb and index finger and whistled. Max turned and Logan whistled again.

"Max," he called. The dog swam towards the river bank and after a couple of tries it jumped out and ran towards us. My eyes widened and I quickly got behind Logan. Max shook his whole body, wetting Logan. I giggled as he moved away from the massive dog. Max looked at him and then jumped up onto him. "Get off," he growled and pushed the dog down. "Naughty,"he said glaring at him. Max whimpered and I chuckled and walked out from behind Logan looking clean and dry and stood at the side of the dog. 

"Aww," I said kneeling down and stroking his face, "it his own fault isn't it," I said to Max and then turned to Logan "how can you shout at this cute lickle face?" I ask  pulling a baby face. He rolled his eyes and walked off taking his jacket off.

"Stupid dog,"he said out loud. I giggled and stood up.

"Come on max," I said as I walked slowly behind Logan. "Daddy's upset because you ruined his favourite jacket and because you got his hair wet," I said, making sure Logan heard. He looked at me and I saw the small smirk on his face just before he looked back in front of him. 

----

My heart pounded as Logan put the car into park in my grandfathers drive. Logan looked at me and I slowly looked out my window and folded my arms. I felt his hand on my leg and I moved it away from him out of his reach. He sighs and I could still feel him looking at me.

"Megan," I cut him off.

"Can't we just go back to the house please?" I ask .

"We need to get the facts, the full facts on what would happen when he does get out and if he's got rules to follow,"he states. 

"I cannot believe you, for the past few months you've been telling me to forget about him because he's not in my life anymore and now he's back in my life you want me to give him the acknowledgement?" I ask .

"I'm not saying that all I'm saying is get all the facts before you worry about what you think is going to happen,"he states.

"I know what's going to happen, he'll get out, stay with my arsehole of a grandfather and then once he's finished fooling everyone that he's ok he'll get to see me," I snapped.

"He won't fool everyone,"

"Yes he will, he'll even fool you and then what," I said as my eyes started to water. He sighs and rubs his face with his hands.

"Fine," he said, holding hands up in surrender, "I'll go in on my own, you stay here,"he said as he opened the car door. I sigh and look down at my lap. "I'm not angry with you before you start to think that, if anything I'm just a bit confused as to why you don't want to know anything," he paused and sat with his legs out of the car. He sighs and turns to look at me, "Come here," he said, moving his index finger back and forth. I slowly moved towards him and he leaned forward and kissed me on the cheek. "You can explain to me when I get back,"he said in my ear and pulled away. I watched him get out of the car and shut the door. 

My body heaved out a breath I didn't know it was holding and I closed my eyes tightly. How could he do this to me? I was completely full of anger with him a minute ago and it suddenly goes once he comes close to me. I clenched my fists and then brought my knees to my chest, took off my boots and rested my head on my knees. I would have never guessed from how calm he always seems or from looking at him that he was a former disaster. I knew there were other things he hadn't told me, I could tell from looking at him that he wanted to tell me something else but held back. I didn't mind him holding back on telling me things because I didn't tell him everything. After all, if I told him what truly happened between me and Brendan while I was with him I doubt he'd be a very happy bunny. 
###chapter 32

**Logan**

I sat playing with my car keys as her grandfather placed a mug of tea in front of me. He sighs and sits down opposite me. "Where is Megan now?" he asks.

"In the car, she refused to come in," I say. 

"Oh ok, I don't really blame her,"

"Do you want to tell me what's happening with your son?" I ask .

"It's simple really, they are going to see how he deals in jail for three months and if it doesn't work out they will try the alternative which is an institute that specialises with what he has," he explained.

"But?" I ask .

"But there is a chance they may do what happened last time, because last time he didn't do too well being sectioned so they let him stay at home with a carer who helped him through things and within a year he was back to his original self," Megan's grandfather explained.

I sigh and rub my eyes. "So you're basically saying he's going to get away with sexual, physical, mental and verbal assault oh and attempted murder," I said as I looked at him.

"Well the people that are dealing with the case are taking into account he wasn't in his own mind frame throughout everything that happened, and I'm not saying that is the right thing for them to do but it is true he wasn't," he sighs and looks down. "He's trying to get them to see he doesn't want to plea insanity, he wants to plead not guilty so he will get a longer sentence," 

"What's his other personality like?" I ask , he looked at me surprised. "I had to do an assignment on the condition he has a while ago and normally they have more than just two, so I'm guessing he has another one maybe two," I state.

"The other is called Harry,"he states.

"What's Harry like? I ask .

"He's an eight year old boy who cries a lot and attaches himself to the women Benjamin hates and he's scared of Benjamin which is weird," he paused." He's like the version of Jonathon's friend that was taken with him," he explained.

"Ok then," I said and took a drink of my tea. "What happened to Jonathon?" I ask .

"He was taken at around the age of five with his best friend and the man that took him, beat him raped him and psychologically abused him and forced him at the age of eight to kill his friend," he paused "the man that took him is now in prison for life rather than on the death penalty, that is the other reason as to why Jonathon may not stay long in jail because the man has sent death threats to him over the years," he  explained.

"What's his name?" I ask .

"Marcus Deed,"he said and I saw him clench his fists as he said it.

"I'm guessing it was hard for you,"

"I was so happy when we finally got him back but it wasn't him we got back it was James and Benjamin, there was no sign of Jonathon at all," he paused, "and when we finally did get Jonathon it was even worse, he was so withdrawn from us. He looked at us as if he hated us which I don't blame him, it was our fault he had been taken in the first place," he explained "all because we had money and originally Marcus had held them both for money and when we paid him the ransom he still didn't give him back. He had sent us a letter saying Jonathon was now Benjamin and was now his and there was nothing we could do about it," he explained.

"Why did he name him Benjamin?"

"Marcus apparently had a son who was beaten to death called Benjamin and Jonathon resembled him," he explained.

"Wow," I said, heaving out a heavy breath "that some messed up shit," I said and looked out the window to see Megan was still in my car and it looked like she was asleep. I looked back at her grandfather to see  him watching me.

"Do you have feelings for her?" he asks suddenly. My eyes widened and I quickly shook my head. He chuckled and leaned back "sixty four years of age do you really think I haven't seen the look you give her in all my years of been alive,"he states. I looked down and sighs and looked back at him.

"The only feelings I have for your granddaughter is love like a brother. I see she has a little sister and nothing more," I state. He chuckled and stood up walking off into the other room.

"Sure you do," I heard him call. I sigh and look back out the window to see her moving a little. I smiled a little and looked down at my mug of tea taking a small sip of it. "Where did she go on Sunday?" he asked as he walked back in.

"She met up with a friend and was with him Sunday to Monday night," I state.

"Him?" he asks, confused.

"His name is Brendan," I state "She was with him and well she didn't come back injured so I'm guessing he looked after her." I said and looked up at him. He sighs and sat down "she didn't take what you told her well,"

"I know and I never expected her to,"he states. 

"Well I better go," I said standing up and downing my cup of tea. "She has the nurse coming soon and she needs to plan her diet with her," I said and started to walk out of the room. He followed me out to the door. 

"Tell her I said hi,"he said "and tell her I'm sorry for how I told her, I should have told her differently,"

"No matter what way you told her she probably would have still taken it badly," I said and started to walk down the steps "I'll tell her for you though," I said and gave him a wave as I walked towards my car. I got in my car to see her asleep. Her eyes opened as soon as I shut the door. She looked at me and then closed her eyes once more. I smiled a little and started the car.

"What did he have to say then?" she asks.

"I'll tell you when we're home," I say. She sighs and gets comfy.

"Can we go to the police station first?" she asks.

"What for?"

"I want my necklace," she mumbled.

"Okay," I said, frowning wondering which necklace she was talking about.

"It's the cross necklace my mom gave me," she states.

"Oh ok then, wasn't it in your belongings?" I ask .

"No, so I'm guessing it's with the police. If not then it's still at the house," she said and looked at me.

"Ok then how about we go to the house first then," I suggested. She sighs and nods.
###chapter 33

**Megan**

Logan and I stood outside my former house. I gulped as I folded my arms, there was police tape around the garden and on the front door way. I hadn't been this scared to enter a house before let alone my own home. 
Everything bone, nerve, muscle and organ told me to turn back and run for it. My body did not want to step onto the garden, never mind inside the house I had been tortured in. "We can do it' a voice in my head said as I stepped forward and reached out a shaky hand to pull up the police tape.

"Do you want me to go?" I heard Logan ask. I looked at him and brought my hand back clutching it to my chest. I slowly nodded and looked down at my feet. "Where's the spare key?" he asks.

"Urm, it should be one taped underneath that big rock over there," I said pointing to where there was a now dead rose bush with a cluster of rocks around it, "It's the greyish one," I say. He nodded and went under the tape and went towards where I had told him. He looked under the rock and then turned to look at me.

"There isn't one," he says.

"Urm...there should be," I say. 

"The police may have found it," he says. I sigh and watch him stand and walk towards the front door. He then bashed his elbow into the left hand corner window by the handle. My eyes widened a little and I looked around to see if anyone had heard the crash of the glass breaking, but luckily no one was coming to their windows. I turned back to Logan to see him trying to unlock the door and once he had it clicked open. "How do I turn the alarm off, before it goes completely off and draws attention?" he asks.

"Oh the code is one, seven, zero, six," I said quickly. He nodded and walked into my previous home and I could hear him pressing the buttons on the alarm. He then popped his head out of the doorway.

"It's not working,"he states. I frowned as that was the alarm code. He sighs "Never mind,"he said and then I heard a crash and then the alarm box came flying out of my previous homes front door. I frowned. Then I heard a door unlock, I looked and it was my previous neighbour, she opened the door and stood with her arms folded and as soon as her eyes landed on me they widened. I gulped and looked at her brown eyes. She was around her mid thirties and a single parent. She had dark brown hair and she had a little girl aged six. I gave her a small wave and looked towards the house.

"Hurry up," I snapped. 

"Well where am I going to find it," I heard him call back. I sigh and take my phone out of my pocket. I scrolled down to his number and called him. "You can just tell me without ringing my phone, "he says.

"It should be in Ben. I mean Jonathon's room, in the wardrobe," I said, correcting myself.

"Ok give me a second I'm disabling the alarm,"

"You just did that,"

"No I took the cover off so I could get to the wires," 

"What are you, some friggin bank robber," I snapped.

"I could be, you don't know," he says. I sigh "calm down,"he said "I've done it," and then I saw him walk past the front door and walk up the stairs. I then looked back at my neighbour to see she had gone inside. I sigh in relief. 

I had sighed too early because then I noticed practically every curtain in the street twitch. I sigh "Logan please hurry," I say.

"I am but I can't find it," he said "it's not in here as well it's empty," he says.

I sigh in frustration and hang up. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes and then ducked under the tape and walked briskly into the house. My heart pounded out of my chest as I looked around. First the cupboard he had locked me in and the couch he had raped me on countless of times. Then came the carpet that was stained with my blood. I clenched my fists trying my hardest to keep away the tears that wanted to come. I slowly walked up the stairs and kept my eyes up on the ceiling. There was nothing on the ceiling that would make me remember anything.

"Megan," I heard Logan say. My eyes went directly at him. He smiled a little and then held out his hand and I watched as the cross on the necklace dangled down. I let out a sigh of relief and walked over taking the necklace in my hands. He walked over to me and hugged me "I'm proud of you,"he said and moved his arm around me leading me out of the house.His arm dropped as we saw people in the street standing looking at me. 

"I told you, people will now look at me as if I'm an animal at the zoo or a show at the circus," I said and walked as fast as I could towards the car. I hated this street, the people in it were like the people in desperate housewives, they loved a bit of gossip no matter who they were gossiping about. "Logan, can you open the car?" I ask . I got no reply. I turned to see he was just standing there looking at the people who were standing in a group looking at me.

"Don't you think she's been through enough?" he asks as he walks towards them. My eyes widened as I watched him walk towards them.

"Logan come on just leave it,"

"No," he said and looked back at them "do you?" he asked "I was not asking a rhetorical question," he snapped. I sigh and look out opposite to see his aunt walking towards us. I looked back at him "come on answer," he snapped. Which made them all nod while muttering "so why does she need to go through you looking at her as if she is a freak show?" he asked and he got no answer "Again it is not a rhetorical question," he snapped.

"She doesn't," they all said quietly.

"So why is she?" they remained silent "And people wonder why I hate society," he said to himself "you're all obviously selfish twats to not think about her feelings before you all decided to gather in your little gossip group, and you all obviously have very dull lives,"he said and started to go away "I know 16 year olds who are less dim-witted and selfish than you, you should be ashamed,"he said and walked towards me. I looked at them to see them all looking at their feet looking very sorry for themselves. I sigh and look at him. He gave me a small smile and unlocked the car for me.

"What's going on?" his aunt asked him.

"Nothing, I was just telling your neighbourhood friends how dim-witted and selfish they are," he said with a small smile. She sighs and shakes her head.

"You didn't insult people again did you?" she asks.

"No, it's not an insult if it's true,"he said and got in the car. I got in after and sat in the passenger seat clutching my mother's necklace. His aunt gave me a small smile as we drove away. 

"Why did you do that?" I ask, looking at him. He sighs as the car slowly stops at a red light. 

"Why do you think?" he asked and looked at me "they shouldn't have been doing that and you know it and they know it I was just pointing out how rude and ignorant they were," he states. I sigh and look at the traffic light "Does it bother you that much that I stuck for you?" he asks.

"No it's not that I just want to go through days without any drama," I say. He sighs and takes my hand in his.

"Nothing bad will happen from what I did so no need to worry," he said, squeezing my hand. I looked down at the hand he had wrapped around mine. He moved his fingers in between my fingers and stroked my hand with his thumb. "I'm guessing you're tired,"he states. I looked at him to see him focused on the road "you were asleep when I returned,"

"Yeah I didn't get much sleep last night," I state and looked back down at our hands that were now interlocked. I closed my eyes and slowly moved my hand out of his grasp and folded my arms. He cleared his throat and I looked out the window. I stared out of the window for the remainder of the ride home.
###chapter 34

**Logan**

I had been in the gym since me and Megan had gotten back home. She was completely silent in the car and she didn't say anything when we got home. I had gotten changed and came straight to the gym room. Working out let me let off some steam, I hadn't worked out for a while due to been in the hospital most of the time. I know I didn't tell her everything today but I could only tell her what I allowed myself to tell her. I didn't want to lie to her about Stephanie but it felt the safest option when I looked at her. Although I hate to admit I am hiding from her right now because I know I won't see her here unless she needs me. 

Pushing up the barbell for the seventeenth time I heard the door open.  I pulled the bar down just above my chest and pushed up once more and moved it onto the hooks and then sat up to see Megan standing looking at me. I sigh and laid back down picking up the weight.

"Is it ok if I go out?" she asked me as I moved the weight down to my chest.

"If you want to," I say.	

"Ok urm I may not be back tonight though," I frowned and put the weight back on the hook and sat up looking at her. "I'm off with Brendan, apparently one of his friends is having a party," she states.

"Ok," I said and stood while picking up the sweat towel at the side. 

"If you don't want me to go I won't go," she says.

"I don't really have any said in the matter,"

"You do, you're my guardian so you can say yes or no," she explained. I sigh and look at her.

"Do you want to go?" I ask .

"Yes," she said, "I am dressed for it," she said, unbuttoning her long coat and showing me what she was wearing, which was a pair of black skinnies and a rock t-shirt. She paused "although I think I may have to change depending on where the party is at," she said as if she was thinking out loud.

"You can, just be back by 12 if you're not then I'll come and get you myself so leave me the address of the house where the party is being held," I state. She huffed a little and turned on her heels and walked out muttering something under her breath. 

I rolled my eyes and walked out after her to see Brendan standing waiting for her in the foyer. I stood by the stairs watching her get the details off him and then walk over to me with the piece of paper. My eyes widened as I looked at the address. I knew this address all too well as I did buy the house myself. 

"Is that ok, can I go now?" she asks. I nodded and put the piece of paper in my pocket while walking with her to the door. Brendan glared at me as I opened the front door for them. I watched him tell her to wait for him in the car and then turn to look at me.

"I know all about you," he said, moving his hands in his pockets. I frowned, confused to what he was saying about "the man you used to be, I know everything and I also know about your wife and that she's only been dead a week," he states and pauses "well pronounced dead,"he states. 

"I've told Megan everything,"

"Really?" he asks "so if I casually brought up that your wife has only just passed she'd know what I was talking about," I clenched my fists. "And I wonder if she truly knows about your anger and you've been sectioned and the countless crimes you've done?" he asks. 

"What do you want?" I ask 

"Nothing all I want is for you to come clean about everything to the student you're in love with,"he states and steps outside "now smile and make it look like we're talking about something not so serious," I sigh and do what he says. "There's nothing I can do really as bribing you to do things for me will only hurt Megan because there is a bribe I would love to do but I'm not selfish,"he says. "All you need to do is tell her everything about yourself,"

"What's the time limit?"

"Until I decide to tell her myself,"he said smiling and turned and walked to his car, "I'm not very patient," he called loud enough for me to hear. I sigh and shut the door.

"What a douche," I heard Carl say. I sigh "I would have well said to you to stop caring for her or something because you can tell he wants to do Megan in every direction he possibly can,"he said casually. I turned to look at him. "I mean c'mon the weapon he has is pretty powerful,"he said "after all no one fully knows what happened the night with that man you 'nearly' killed,"he said as he walked up the stairs. 

"I didn't kill him,"

"No you just helped him onto his deathbed,"he says. I sigh while shaking my head.

"You're being melodramatic, he's not dead,"

"He's paralyzed from the neck down, he can't do anything he was able to do before you got your hands on him so it's safe to said he may as well be dead," Carl said turning to look at me "you do know he committed suicide last year right?" he asks. I frowned "he was having physio for a long time and well he tricked one of his mates at the time to wheel him to the roof of the hospital and asked them to leave him for a bit they stupidly did and he wheeled himself off and he fell to his death," he explained. I looked down "so really you did kill him,"he said and walked up the stairs to his room. 

I rubbed my face and moved my hands through my hair. I then walked up the stairs to his room standing at the door way. "Is he really dead?" I ask . He sighs and looks at me "did he really kill himself?" 

He chuckled "nah I'm just fucking with you, bur he is dead, he was in a car accident," he paused and I frowned "he wasn't really paralyzed from the neck down it was more from the waist down," I growled and clenched my fists as I walked into his room. He looked at me and then gulped ""it was just a joke, honest please don't hurt me I wuv yew,"he says. I growled and went to hit him. He ducked and ran towards the doorway. "I didn't think you'd take it so seriously,"

"You're fucking sick," I said and walked out after him. He ran to the other side of the stairs and I sigh and walk down the stairs "don't talk to me," I snapped and walked down the stairs into the living room and into the kitchen.  After about two minutes of trying to calm down I felt a weight on my back.

"I'm sorry,"he said, laying his head on my shoulder blade and then I felt his arms go round me.

"Kiss me and I will kill you,"

"Jeez you act like you've never kiss me before,"

"Do you want to find your own place?"

"No because then I can't watch you go round half naked,"

"Well carry on trying it on with me and I will personally kick you out myself," I said and moved his hands off me. "You almost make me homophobic," I said and moved fully away from him. He sighs and yawns while leaning against the sink and folding his arms across his chest.

"So what are you going to do?" he asks.

"I'm going to go buy another car, I'm thinking of a Bentley," I said thinking it over. 

"You're going to splash the cash now like before?" he asks.

"No, I need a Bentley, they've got more room than my Porsche," I said and took a bottle of water from the fridge. 

"But what are you going to do about that guy,"

"There's nothing I can do, the old me probably would have threatened him and may have beat him but I'm not the old me so I will just have to do what he says," I said and looked down.

"You look like you could do with a massage," my eyes shot at him as those words left him. He rubbed his hands together.

"Come anywhere near me and I will kill you,"

"Oh darling I'll come inside you,"

"That's it I now have a phobia of you, never mind gay men," I said and walked off.

"You can't run from our love," he cried. I sigh and sit on the sofa. I knew he was only doing to keep my mind off what was stressing me out. I knew most of everything he said to me was a joke. Most of it.  He gave me a cheesy grin as he sat opposite me. I sigh and reach for my tobacco tin. "You're not having weed are you?" he asks. 

"Just a bit, why?" I ask .

"No reason," he said, laying down and covering his eyes. "I'm shattered,"

" Well go to sleep,"

"Don't have any weed," he suddenly said. I frowned as I held the lighter to the end of my roll up. "You know you're gonna have to pick Megan up at that party and you don't need another DUI,"he says. I sigh and take the roll up from my lips and place it and the lighter down on the coffee table. 

"Well I'm off back in the gym," I said, getting up and walking out of the room. I heard him sigh and mutter something under his breath. 
###chapter 35
**Megan**

I had given her half an hour extra and she still wasn't home. I wasn't worried but I wasn't at ease after all she was at a kind of party I would have organised when I was 17 which consisted of drugs, alcohol and sex. Pretty much what most parties consisted of but this party I knew would be at an all new level. 

The front door to the house opened and a guy I had known since I was 15 stood there with his eyes half lidded and a bear in hands. His eyes widened "fuck me what are you doing here?" he asks drunkenly. 

"I've come to pick someone up,"

"Hey Aiden the ledge is here," I sigh and walk into the house and just what I thought was happening was happening. The guy he had shouted walked up to me and smirked. His build was smaller than mine, he had blond hair and green eyes and was full of piercings. Last time I had seen him his hair was bright green.

"Sup," he said and remarkably he was only stoned. Then a girl in her underwear ran past me giggling and some red haired guy ran past me but went into my shoulder.

"Watch it fucker," he says. I looked at him and raised my eyebrows "Sorry," he said "I didn't mean to, I thought you were someone else," he said and walked off and soon started chasing the girl again. I sigh and look at Aiden.

"Have you seen a girl about this tall with brown hair, intense green eyes, really thin?" I ask . He cocked an eyebrow.

"Has she got a name or is she called a girl this high with brown hair and intense green eyes?" he asks.

"Megan,"

"Oh your student that you saved from her cunt of a father," he paused and turned "Yeah she's downstairs with some Brendan man that girls a freak," he said and walked off into another room.

"Great," I said, sighing and noticed some girl looking at me.  "Duncan," I say. "How many times has she been here?" I ask .

"She was here the other day with Brendan like Aiden said she's a freak," he paused. "But then again, what girl isn't when she's had a few beers down her," he says. I sigh and walk towards the kitchen and down the cellar to see it was exactly the same as it was when I used to throw parties. Chairs, couches, beds, a sound system and a new flat screen TV was all that was in the room and a few mini fridges. The cellar was big after all; the house itself had four large rooms on the ground floor. I walked round couch after couch trying to find her but I hadn't.

"Megan that's enough," I heard someone say. I looked around and they were in an armchair. She sat across his lap kissing him. She had her top off and was obviously drunk because she hated the scars on her back to be shown. I sigh and walk over to them, picking up her top and then grabbing her arm.

"Get dressed," I snapped. She looked up at me "Now," I growled and looked at Brendan. Everything in me stopped me from kicking the shit out of him. I looked at Megan to see she was now wearing very short torn shorts and high heeled boots. I sigh and watch her put her top on to see it was just as revealing. I then watched her reach down for her jacket stumbling a little. I looked away from her back at the boy I wanted to kill. 

He stayed sat where he was staring back at me, then a small smirk went across his face as he stood up while keeping his eyes on me. He buckled up his trousers and looked at Megan.

"I'm proud of you Logan," he said, now looking at me. I clenched my fists "I mean to be able to control the anger that you have in a situation like this takes pure skill," he says, "No I'm kidding you can punch me if you like I'd punch me I mean that was very douche like," he said and grabbed Megan by the jacket she was wearing which was obviously his. I watched him as he pulled her into a kiss which made me look away and lean against a couch arm. After a few seconds I started to get impatient and grabbed Megan by her arm. She looked at me as I pulled her back.

"We're going home," I snapped and started to drag her towards the stairs.

"You're hurting me," she whined.

"I don't care," I snapped and dragged her up the stairs and then dragged her through the kitchen. 

"See ya," Duncan called as we made it out of the house. 

"Logan," she says. I ignored her and once I had gotten her to the car I opened the passenger door and shoved her in. I hadn't been this angry with someone for a while. I clenched my fists and got in the driver's seat to drive her home. After several minutes I looked at her to see she had her head on her lap. 

"How much have you had?" I ask . 

"How much what?" she asks now slowly sitting up. 

"How much alcohol have you had?" I ask .

"I don't know I don't keep count," she said and laid her head on the window.

"What drugs have you been taking?" her head snapped at me "I'm not stupid or blind," I state.

"I'm not sure," she said and brought her legs to her chest while wrapping the jacket around herself. I turned on the heating and concentrated on driving. There was no point in me trying to talk to her; she obviously didn't want to tell me what she had taken. I just hoped this was a one off after all her having a drug problem was one thing I didn't want to worry about.

----

A sigh escaped me as I drove into the driveway and came to a stop. I looked at her to see her head was still on her lap and she was sweating. I got out of the car and walked round to her side of the car and opened the door. She didn't move at all, she just sat there with her head on her lap. I bent down and picked her up. She shot up, looked at me and then calmed. I moved her out of her seat and shut her door and pressed the button on my keys to lock up.

"Megan," I said looking down at her. She didn't say anything. I sighed and dropped her legs and moved her arms around my neck, then I picked her legs up again and walked up the steps to the front door. I kicked the door a couple of times and then Carl opened it. He frowned as he stood staring at us.

"What's happened?" he asks.

"She's taken something, I don't know what but I'm guessing she took an E," I said as I walked into the house. He raised his eyebrows and shut the door. I walked up the stairs and he followed. I laid her onto her bed. 

Her eyes opened and she frowned "how did I get here?" she asks.

"I brought you here," I state. She looked at me and her frown kept in place.

"You're so beautiful," she said and moved her hand to my face. Carl chuckled a little and I took her hand from my face.

"Thanks," I said and looked down. She giggled and stroked my face.

"So pretty," Carl laughed and sat down on the floor facing her. 

"Is he really Megan?" he asks. Her head shot at him.

"Oh my god your eyes are so mesmerising they're like brown jewels. She sat up and went to get off the bed but I stopped her.

"Megan just stay here," I said, moving, holding her down by her arms. She groaned and turned away so she could get out of my grip.

"I don't want to," and she pushed me up and then sat down in front of Carl.

"Wow," she said slowly, touching around his eyes. He looked at me and started laughing, I smirked and looked at her to see her giggling too. I had to admit it was good to see her smile for once but hearing it under the influence of drugs just made it even more fake. She then jumped up and stood in front of me. "Oh wow," she said, moving her hands through my hair "so soft," she said "it's like soft," she said amazed. Carl laughed.

"Yes Megan that's what we've realised his hair is soft,"

"No...no this is really soft," she said, moving both her hands through my hair.

"Ok," I said, taking her hands in mine. She looked at me in the eyes and she looked so innocent it was unbelievable. She smiled and then moved a finger onto my chin and moved it to my lips. She smiled and moved forward.

"They're soft too, that's amazing," he said still with that amazed look on her face. Then within a second she kissed me. My eyes widened and Carl laughed. She pulled back and smiled giving me an eye closing smile while giggling.

"Was that fun?" I ask . She nodded and then sat on my lap and laid her head on my shoulder.

"You're like a big teddy bear," she paused. "Ooo ooo I got a joke," she said happily "I lost my teddy bear," as soon as she started Carl burst out laughing. I moved my hand to her mouth.

"Megan please go to bed," I begged looking at her. I felt her lips curve into a smile as she looked at me, I slowly let go of her. 

"If you come to bed with me," she said cheekily.

"Oh wow she actually asked it," Carl said standing up.

"You too," she said looking at him. "we could make it a, what's the word," she said clicking her fingers

"A threesome," Carl said, smirking.

"Ooo yeah," she said, obviously remembering the word now. "I like that Idea Carl that is a good idea, I should have come up with it," 

"Carl, go to bed," I ordered. He sighs and walks out of the room shutting the door behind him. I looked at her and moved her onto the bed, getting her to lie down. She moved her hands around my neck and pulled me down to kiss me once more. I pulled back and she groaned.

"You're so mean," she whined. I sigh "You don't like me," she states.

"That's not true, you're high and drunk and I really don't want to do this when you are like this," I said, stroking her arm. She shrugged my hand away and folded her arms. "Ok," I sigh "if I kiss you will you go to sleep," She turned to look at me and nodded like a little child. I sigh again and slowly lean in to give her a kiss. She smiled and slowly kissed me back. She then pulled back, I frowned now I was confused. "What's wrong?" I ask.

"Nothing," she said and pulled me by my shirt and kissed me. She moved her hands down my back and pulled my top up. She then pushed me back and moved on top of me. I pulled back and she sat up while looking down at me. She bit her bottom lip and I slowly sat up. "You're amazing," she said and hugged me. 

"You're better than me," I said and hugged her back. She smiled and kissed me and I slowly moved her back down onto the bed and moved my hand down her body to her thigh. I pulled back and moved off her. She sat up "You said you'd go to sleep now go to sleep," 

"Ok then," she sighs and starts to get into her bed. "Stay with me though,"

"Don't worry I'm going to," I state which was the truth. I didn't want to leave her here when she had taken something. I really did not want to pull away from her but I had to after all she wasn't herself. Once she was asleep I moved to the chair by her bed and sat in it and took the blanket that was resting on the top of it and moved it around myself. 
###chapter 36
**Logan**

My eyes opened and straight away I looked at Megan's bed. It was empty. I sat up and was about to call her name when I heard the shower. Then I heard her crying. I frowned and slowly looked into the bathroom to see she was naked. I quickly looked away and leaned against the wall. 

"I know you're there," I heard her say. I frowned, confused, "you stopped snoring," I frowned, how the hell do I snore? I ask myself, I'm a quiet sleeper. "You don't usually snore, which is weird," she says.

"Why are you crying?" 

"You wouldn't understand why even if I told you," she states.

"Try me," I say.

"Just leave it," she snapped, "and go back to sleep or something," I sigh and sit down on her bed waiting for her. 

Then I looked up when I heard tapping. I looked to see her hand wafting at the bedroom door and then she finally reached it. The door swung shut making a loud bang and I looked down at the floor while rubbing my eyes. Maybe I was taking on too much with her, trying to get her to forget but it was obvious she wasn't going to and I knew she wouldn't forget completely. I just want her to feel better again and I don't think I'm helping her in doing that. I seem to be causing her more trouble than it's worth. 

I sigh and look at the bathroom door as it is unlocked. She had only been in the shower for five minutes. She walked out of the bathroom and her eyes landed on me straight away. She sighs and walks into her walk-in wardrobe. The look she gave me when she came out of there told me exactly how she felt about me, she obviously disliked me so much that seeing me annoyed her. I have tried everything I can to let her see that everything is ok now, but it hasn't worked because I'm not the one to do it. 

"Sorry I didn't come home at the right time last night," I hear her say. I looked up at her to see her standing in the doorway now dressed. I sigh and look down. She walked over to me and stood in front of me. 

"Why would I not understand why you were crying?" I asked  and looked up at her. My eyes widened, she was still crying. I slowly took her hand and she sighs and looks down.

"I'll explain it," she said and closed her eyes while taking a deep breath. "I'm confused," she states and then looked at me "Everyday I feel the need to be touched," she said and looked down "not me personally it's more my body, I don't understand it myself and I hate it because I don't want to feel like that and my mind just seems to remember things and I hate it," she cried. "And for me to silence this feeling I do stupid things and I know I shouldn't but it seems the only way to stop it,"

"This has been going on for a while?" I ask .

"Yeah," she nodded and took her hand out of mine "it makes me feel dirty because of it," 

"You're not dirty and well I do understand," I state. She looked at me, "It's happening because your body is so used to being touched everyday by the jackass that now it's suddenly stopped it's craving it," I explained. She frowned "basically your body is a bit addicted to sex," I said with a small smirk. She folded her arms across her chest and looked away from me. "Sorry," I said, "I'm a guy," she raised an eyebrow and looked at me "yes that's my excuse and I'm sticking to it," I then noticed bruising on her upper arm. She covered them with her hand and looked at me "who did..." I trailed off when last night recapped me. "I'm sorry," I said quickly. 

She looked down, "It's ok I hardly remember anything anyway so it doesn't matter,"

"Still I shouldn't have dragged you like I did, I was angry and a bit jealous but still," he states "none of that is an excuse for hurting you, I'm sorry"

"It's nothing Logan," she said with a small smile. I frowned while looking at her "Sorry it's just weird to hear someone say sorry to me for once. Benjamin never said sorry for anything, he always had a reason." 

"Well I'm about a whole universe from Benjamin," I state and move my hands into her hands "what do you want to do about this feeling?" I ask .  She shrugged, "What have you been doing about it?"

"Drinking, self harming and whatever I did last night," she explained. 

"Well there's the easy solution but you don't want to do that," 

"What's the easy solution?"

"Satisfy the craving," I state. She sighs and then looks at me.

"You mean..." I nodded and she blushed a little "well who am I going to do that with?" I raised an eyebrow and shrugged. She sighs "Sex does....did mean something to me," 

"You don't need to have sex," both her eyebrows rose "and you don't need to do any of that either, there is therapy,"

"Oh great, more therapy that's just what I need," she states. I sigh and pull her closer to me and let her sit on my knee. 

"Therapy isn't all bad you know, I've had so much of it, it's like my own personal addiction and best friend," I said with a small smile and looked at her. "But you never know it may work," I state.

She sighs and looks down and within a second I felt her lips on mine. I slowly kissed her back and pulled her closer to me. She moved on top of me and I slowly moved my hands to her thighs. Then she pulled back and looked down then hugged me. I hugged her back and kissed her shoulder and slowly kissed up her neck. She slowly kissed me on the lips. Her hands moved to my t-shirt and she started to tug at it. I pulled back and stroked her hair. 

"You took me by surprise," I state.

"Sorry," she mumbled.

"Don't be," I said and kissed her again.

"Will you stay with me," she asks.  I frowned "I like this," she states "I more than like this, I don't really know how to explain it. It's just when you're with me I feel everything I should feel and I really like it. 

"That's good because I was starting to get doubts,"

"Doubts about what?" she asks, moving her hands around my neck.

"On whether I was being useful and helpful to you," I explained. She chuckled and shook her head.

"Can you get any cuter?" she asked herself and gave me a quick kiss.

"Cute," I said "I hate being called cute it's not me," 

"Oh it is," she said and then we heard scratching at the door and then barking. I sigh and laid back. 

"He ruins everything that dog does," I say. She smiled a little and then giggled and leaned in to kiss me. Then the door swung open and Max ran in. She quickly pulled back and we both looked to see Carl standing there. 

"Sorry," he said with a small smirk and shut the door. She looked down at me and then giggled and I sat up when I felt Max jump on the bed. I turned to look at him.

"I hate you," I growled. He just barked at me and I moved my hands through her hair and pulled her down into a kiss and rolled her over so I was on top and then moved my hands around her waist and up her top. 

The door opened again. "I'm sorry to interrupt but Megan your grandfather is here," Carl said. I pulled away as soon as he walked in. She got up and walked out of the room and I stood there as Carl folded his arms and smirked at me. "Arsehole," he huffed and walked out. I frowned and walked out after him.

"What do you mean?"

"Cheating on me with a girl of all things," he said folding his arms and doing a dramatic huff. I chuckled at him and walked down the stairs with him. I walked outside to see a black Bentley. My eyes widened and I 
slowly walked towards the beauty. 

"What is this?" she snapped at her grandfather.

"It's an apology,"

"Apology accepted," I said, smiling at the excellence that was a Bentley. 

"I don't want it," she said, folding her arms and looking away from her grandfather. 

"If you don't like the colour I can get you a different colour," he suggested. She growled and walked back into the house. "Hmm maybe I should have gotten you the Rolls Royce or the Lamborghini," he said to himself and walked into the house with her. I ran back in towards the living room to see him sitting on the couch sighing slightly. I walked into the kitchen to see her standing at the sink.

"Are you ok?" I ask . She shook her head "I'm sorry," I say.

"It's not because of you," she said, turning to look at me. "I have the biggest headache and a pain in    the arse in the living room," she said, folding her arms.

"He's trying to say sorry to you," I state.

"You just want me to accept the Bentley," she states. I smirked and then sighs.

"But still he's trying at least give him a chance, and I know you think he's just trying to buy you off but it's all he's known since all he's had is money," 

"No he did work for the money he's got but I'm not a person he should feel he has to buy off," she says.

"That's true and you should tell him that," she looked at me raising her eyebrow "you should start to tell people what you're thinking even if it's something personal about them," I state. She smirked, "I mean it," I say. 

"You're too nice to people, tell people what you think," 

"Ok," she said and walked back into the living room. I sigh and walk into the living room to see her sitting down opposite her grandfather. She held the car keys in her hands twiddling with them while sighing.

"If you don't want the car it's fine I can take it back," he states. 

She leaned back and laid the keys on her barely there stomach. "You can't buy me you know," she states. He nodded and was about to say something else when she spoke first "I'm not going to take the car right now," she states. I huffed and folded my arms, "I will take it when you think I have earned it," she states, causing my eyebrows to rise as she placed the keys in front of him. "If what Logan tells you over the next three months is good and you're happy with it then give me the car not now," she explained and stood up. "I'm off back to bed," she sighs and walks out of the room. 
###chapter 37

**Logan**

I walked towards her grandfather and sat where she had sat. Her grandfather gave me a weird look and then sighs and then looked at me once more "I'm guessing she went out last night," he states.

"How did you know?"

"I can smell the alcohol on her," he paused "and judging by your blood shot eyes you stayed up all night,"

"Not all night I just wanted to make sure she was ok because she had taken something," I explained. 

He sighs once more "Maybe she should have more than one session with the psychologist and also the nurse asked me about some nutrient fattening drinks," he states. "I've ordered some and they should come sometime this week, she has to have one three times a day, one with every meal and she should put the weight back on," he explained.

"Well that's a good thing," I state.

"Yeah it is, I need to go," he said, getting up and straightening his coat. "I'll call later and tell you more about things," he explained. I nodded and escorted him out. Once I shut the front door I let out the breath I was holding while he was here. Then I felt some arms go round my waist and move up and down my chest.

"What's wrong honey bunny?" Carl asked. I quickly cringed away from him and turned round holding my fist up ready. 

"I will hurt you one day," I snapped.

"It was just a hug," he said innocently.

I groaned and started to walk up the stairs "You just don't understand that sometimes you just go too fucking far," I snapped and walked to my bedroom. I opened my door to see Megan sat on my bed plaiting her hair. She had gotten changed out of the clothes she was wearing last night.

"Has he tried it on with you again?" she asked and turned to look at me. I sigh and nodded and walked towards the bathroom while taking my top off. "We're not being very true to our word," she states. I walked out of the bathroom and stood in front of her.

"What do you think we should do?" I ask . 

"I don't know," she said putting her head in her hands "it confuses me but I sort of like it because you make me feel better," I sigh at what she said and grabbed my desk chair and sat on it while looking at her. She stood up and looked down at me, "Maybe we should have some time apart," she suggested "maybe then we'll learn how to keep our hands off each other, because we do need to do that. I mean you're back at work next week which means you're going to start being a teacher again and a week after that I'm going to start being your student again," she explained. 

"How do you feel when you're with me?" I asked  as I looked up at her. She sighs and sits back onto the bed.

"I feel completely free, like nothing bad has ever happened to me," she paused and a small smile crept across her face "and when you touch me it's like what my father used to do to me never happened because I feel so comfortable with it," she explained.

"You mean when he raped you?" I asked and watched her flinch at the word 'rape' which meant she still hadn't come to terms with it. She nodded a little. I sigh "Megan you have to come to terms with what he," she cut me off.

"I don't want to talk about that? Please can you for once not bring it all up when we are talking?" she asks as she stood up again

"I'm sorry, I just think you should talk about it sometimes," I state. "But I will refrain from bringing it up all the time, we will talk about it when you want to talk about it," I explained. "I don't think we should have some time apart because it's obvious it won't work," I said and reached for her hand and pulled her on top of me. She looked at me and smiled as I held both of her hands. I sigh and look down. "I really can't believe I'm going to ask you this, but will you go out with me?" 

**Megan**

I sat on his lap registering what he had just asked me trying to understand why he was asking me that. "Logan what you're asking will ruin your career and not to mention your life if we ever got caught," 

"That's if," he states and moves his hands down my body to my hips.  "The chances of us getting caught are slim because we live together," he states.

"It's not just that I'm not ready and you get stoned nearly every night and last night I took something I don't even know the name of because I didn't care what I was taking," I explained "it's just not rational for us to be together," I explained. He chuckled and cupped my face in hands and then kissed me. 

He then pulled back, "It's a yes or no answer Megan. Will you go out with me?" he asks again. 

I smiled and blushed and slowly nodded at him and pulled him into a kiss.  He moved his arms round to my back and I moved my hands up his chest. I felt his tongue lick my bottom lip. I smirked and was determined to not give him entry as well, I wanted him to work for it after all now he was my boyfriend. He pulled back after a few more seconds and then kissed me again and this time taking me by surprise and bit my bottom lip. 

My mouth opened for him and his tongue entered. His hands moved to my hair and he pushed me closer to him.  I pulled back and moved my hands from his hair. I then climbed off him and leaned in and gave him a peck.

"Well I'm off to go get a shower," I said and went to walk out when he got up and grabbed me by my hand and pulled me into him.

"I'll have one with you," he said and kissed me while pushing me into the wall. 

"Whoa there horny Harry, I actually need a wash," I state.

"Yeah so do I, I'll wash you and if you want you can wash me," he said with a smile and leaned in to kiss me again. I pulled away and felt him start to kiss my neck.

"Logan, go take a cold shower by yourself," I said, pushing him fully away and then pulled the door open and walked out of his room. I sigh and run my hand through my bangs.

"That's how I feel when I've been in his room," I hear Carl say. I giggled and walked to my room and he followed. 

"You seem happy," he states as I sat down on my bed and reached for my phone. "Did you two do naughty things that I wasn't part of?" he asks while folding his arms.

"What do you mean by naughty things?" I ask . He smirked and walked over to me sitting on my bed and crossing his legs.

"You know exactly what I am on about," he paused and then pulled at the hair band that held my hair in a plait and started to unravel my plait. "Now explain," he practically ordered. I shook my head and smiled while looking through my phone.

"He asked me out," I stated and then got a message from Brendan. "And I said yes,"

"Right, am I the only one that sees the error in this soon to be disastrous relationship? He's a teacher and you're his student, this cannot work," he states. 

"That's what I said, but he wouldn't take that as an excuse and said something about we'd only get caught if we told people that would out us. Plus something about it's easier for us because we live together," I explained. He tilted his head a little as if thinking of the logic to what Logan had said. "Now leave while I get a shower," I said looking at him. He sighed and got up and started to walk out of my room but stopped and turned "No you cannot join me," I snapped. He huffed and his bottom lip pouted out. I rolled my eyes and closed the door behind him and then got a shower.
###chapter 38

**Megan**

My whole body froze when I felt arms go around my waist. I then relaxed and a tingling sensation slowly started to burn when I felt Logan's kisses on my neck. He squeezed me tightly as I finished making myself a cup of tea. "Why did you tell him?" he asked me in my ear. 

"It would be a bit difficult to hide it from him when he's living with us," I state.

"True," he said and laid his head on my shoulder "sorry I scared you a minute ago," I frowned and looked at him as I held the mug to my lips. "You froze when I moved my hands round you,"he states.

"It's fine, I just never heard you come into the kitchen that's all," I state and turned away from him. I felt him start to kiss my neck again and I slowly moved out of his grasp. "I may be going out later," I state while walking out of the kitchen.

"Who with?" he asks.

"Brendan," I muttered and sat on the couch. I heard him sigh and sit on the other couch."I may not yet it depends on how I feel," 

"And where will you go with him?" he asks.

"There's another party apparently but I've got a feeling he may not want to go so we may just stay at his or here," I explained. He sighs and looked at the TV

"Do you have to meet up with him tonight?" he asks.

"No not really, he just sent me a text asking if I wanted to go to a party tonight or meet up with him," I say. "But like I said it depends on how I'm feeling," 

"Well do you want to go?" he asks. I shrugged, causing him to sigh in frustration. I smirked as I watched him get himself more and more annoyed. He got so jealous and worked up so easily it was amusing. I just wondered how far his jealousy would go. Would he get controlling or would he push his jealousy away because he knows I'd never cheat on him. 

"Yeah, I'm gonna go get ready," I said, getting up and picking my mug up with me. I narrowed my eyes as he followed me out of the living room and up the stairs into my room. After ten minutes or so I was dressed and was now putting on my makeup.  I looked at him from my mirror to see him looking like he was arguing with himself in his head. He looked at what I was wearing for the fourth time and then looked away and sighs. I rolled my eyes at him and continued to put my mascara on. After I had finished putting mascara on I felt his arms go around my waist and down to my thighs and pulled at my thigh high stockings. His hands then moved to my long top that I was using as a dress. 

"Can you not wear more clothes?" he asks. 

"Why would I?" I ask . 

"I just think you should because it's cold out,"he states I looked at him from the mirror to see he was lying; he obviously wasn't comfortable with what I was wearing. I sigh and move closer to my mirror. He raised an eyebrow as he looked down, I cleared my throat and he looked back up at me "I'm not saying what you're wearing isn't nice, I just think you may be really cold if you went out like this," He explained. I slowly shook my head and put on a layer of lip gloss and put on my high heels. 

"Right he should be here soon," I state and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. He sighs and pulls me towards him and hugs me.

"Can you promise me something while you're out with him?" he asks. 

"Anything," I said, hugging him back.

"That you won't let him touch you at all, and I mean at all. A hug is fine but I mean anything more than that and well I will have to kill him," he explained.

"Logan I'd never cheat on you,"

"I know but it's him I don't trust,"he said pulling away and looking down at me "he just screams don't trust ever," he explained and moved his hands up to my chin and cupped my face. I smiled a little and looked down. 

"I don't want you to go but you want to go so I'm not going to stop you, I'm far from a controlling boyfriend. At least I don't think I am, you'd have to tell me if I am or not," he explained. 

"No you're not," I said and moved my arms down to his jean belt. I then moved closer and kissed him on the lips "But what do I know I've only been going out with you for less than an hour," I said with a small smile and slowly leaned in to kiss him. He smirked back at me and kissed me back while moving his hands through my hair and pushed my body against his. I pulled back "I don't think I'll go to the party now, after all there seems to be a lot of good entertainment right here," I said smiling and slowly moved my hands up his chest. 

"Just good, I'm offended,"he said with fake shock, "very offended,"he said and started to move me towards my bed as he kissed me. I collapsed on my bed with him on top. His hands moved up my dress, over my panties to my stomach and my hands moved to his belt buckle and I started to unbuckle his belt when he stopped me and pulled away from me. "You're very far from ready for any of that," I sigh and was about to say something when he spoke first "plus I have an age limit which is 18, especially for you,"he said looking at me.

"But what if I'm ready before then,"

"Then you will have to wait for me and I will be ready when you finish high school, the minute after graduation," he paused. "Probably the second you finish graduation because I will have you in a hotel room faster than you can say sex," he said and leaned in to kiss me. I tried to unbuckle him again when he pulled back again. "Megan,"he said sternly.

"We could do other things," I said innocently. 

"No we can't," he said and stood up. I raised an eyebrow and tilted my head at him. "OK we could but not right now, later,"he says.

"Fine," I said and got up off my bed and walked into my wardrobe. 

"What are you doing now?" he asks

"I'm getting changed, I don't want to go out now, I want to stay in," I said loudly so he could hear as I took my clothes off and got changed into some clean bottoms and a vest top. I walked out and looked at him to see him smile a little. "What?" 

"Nothing,"he said and stood up "I just have the feeling you were testing me,"he states.

"I may have been," I said innocently and looked down. He chuckled and pulled me into a hug "I just wanted to see what you're like when you're jealous. I mean I did date someone who was always jealous and would flip out whenever he saw me talking to a guy," 

"Hmm well all I'm thinking about right now is how much I will be free from Carl and his hands. I just know that from now on I will be able to walk around the house without being violated,"he said as he pulled away and started to walk with me out of my room. 

"You really think so, because it really doesn't bother me I think it's funny," I state "I mean the things he comes out with are pure genius, I mean I'm not homophobic or anything and well he is bisexual so he isn't 100% he's half and half," I explained.

"You don't have to put up with it, I do,"he states. I chuckled and walked across the landing into the games room to see Carl playing Call of Duty. He looked at Logan and then smiled.

"I'm killing your English people,"he says. I laughed "And it's your own fault I will never let your people go, muahaha," he said with an evil laugh and then carried on playing the game. "Oh what I just fucking died you son of a bitch go fuck your own fucking mother," he lashed out. 

"Are you sure it's you doing all the killing," Logan said and walked towards him taking the Wii remote off him. "Now watch me kick your American arse,"he says. 

"That's fine," Carl said and walked over to me "me and Megan will go play doctor,"he said moving his arm around me "this is the part where you kick me in the groin and run off,"he said in my ear.

"Let's go play guitar hero instead, I like beating you," I say. 

"Fine and I had all the tools as well for the doctor," he huffed as he followed me to the other TV to set up guitar hero on the PS5. 
###chapter 39

**Logan**

Her body felt so good in my hands. She was fast asleep but I had been up for nearly an hour just watching her. I was back at work today and she had a two hour long session with the psychologist today which meant she wouldn't be in the best of moods. She hadn't had a nightmare once since I started sleeping in her bed with her or at least I don't think she had. Carl had told me he heard her downstairs the other night and when I questioned her about it she said she went down for a drink. Carl seemed ok with us going out; he just told me to make sure I was treating her how she should be treated and not to screw up. He had also told me I would have to tell her everything soon or the longer I leave it the more it will hurt her. In a way I knew he was right but in all honesty I was petrified with what she would do if I did. 

"Logan stop staring at me," she said sleepily "it's scary," I smiled and kissed her on the lips. 

"Morning," I said when I pulled away. She smiled and hugged me. 

"Morning," she replied, still with her eyes closed. "You're back at work today aren't you?" she asks.

"Yes, but I will be able to pick you up," she sighs as I said that and pulled back from me.

"I don't want to go," she groaned and stretched while yawning. 

"I know but you have to," I said and moved my hand on her stomach. "I don't really want to leave you right now but I have to," she looked at me as I said that.

"I'll come with you,"

"No you will go back to sleep and I will ring you at 11 to wake you up," I said and gave her a quick kiss and got out of bed. 

"What time is it?" she asks.

"Seven AM," I say

"Urgh," she said groaning and turned on her stomach while pulling the covers off her showing her pyjama top. Her hands moved over head and she looked at me and smiled.

"I'll be back in a bit," I said and walked out of her room to my own. I got a shower and then got changed into a pair of tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt. Once I was done I took my lip piercings out and then walked back to Megan's room to see her back to sleep. I smirked and sat down on her bed. Her eyes opened and she looked at me.

"Why are you not in your usual gear?" she asks.

"Because of my leg, it's hard for me to walk as it is, I need to be comfortable," I said and leaned in to kiss her on the lips. "I need to go now, I have a meeting at eight," I paused and laid down at her side.

"So why did you get up so early?" she asks.

"Because I need to be there on time," I said and looked at her to see her looking at me.

"Aww you took them out, stupid school rules," she huffed. I smirked and moved an arm around her body. 

"Did you have a nightmare last night?" I ask . She shook her head "What about before?" 

"No I haven't had one for a while which is a relief," she said and then paused "I'll probably have one tonight though,"

"I know," I said and leaned in for a kiss. After about fifteen minutes she was now out of bed and sat on her covers in front of me. "Now I have to go," I say. I had been trying to go ten minutes ago but she didn't want to let me. She sighed and pouted. I smirked "Sorry, if I could stay in bed all day, trust me I would but I can't now bye," I said and went to give her a kiss but she turned her head so I got the cheek. "Charming," I said and pulled away from her. She stuck her tongue out at me as I stood straight and then smiled. I smiled back at her and walked out of her bedroom shutting the door behind me. 

-

Nervous isn't what would sum up my feelings right at this moment, I was more uneasy; I didn't know what to expect when I walked into the meeting room. For all I knew I could get a load of shit or nothing at all. Silence would probably be the worst thing as it would make me on edge and cause me to become nervous. I moved my hand to the handle and turned it counter clockwise and then opened it. The room fell silent as they turned to see who had entered the room. 

"Mr Peters," The headmistress said with a delighted tone in her voice and a smile on her face. I gave her a small smile and sat down in the only seat available which was between the science teacher that I was sure had a thing for me and the very strict history teacher. 

"Sorry, I'm late," I say.

"How are you?" she asks.

"Better, tired though," I say.

"How is Megan doing?" 

"Depends on the day," I state "and the night she's had, if she's had a nightmare you can guarantee she'll be on edge all day," I say.

"And if she hasn't?" 

"She's tired, because the only way she thinks she won't have a nightmare is if she doesn't sleep," I said and cleared my throat.

"How is your leg, is it better?" 

"I can't put all my weight on it and I'm not supposed to do any sports for a while and I'm on painkillers," 

"Ok," she said "in a way it's a good thing Megan doesn't start until next week because I am guessing there are a few precautions we will need to take with her?" she asks.

"Just what you'd expect really, don't get too close to her don't stand behind her or stand over her and try not to shout," 

"Is there anything we should be weary of?"

"Her, what you'd probably call 'episodes' it's rare but she can become confused and it's almost a black out but she's awake. Her mind forgets she's not with her father anymore and she tends to start screaming as if he's in the room with her and it may seem she's looking at you or someone but what she's seeing isn't you it's her father and well there's a sedative that I have been shown how to administer that she can have. There is a slight problem though as once it wears off she can become like that again which can be very troublesome, but I highly doubt anything like that will happen, she hasn't had one for a while. All in all just keep your distance and she should be fine," I say.

"Ok good, so now onto the agenda for this week," she started. I sigh a little and move my hand to my leg and rub it a little. The pain was back, that was just great.

###chapter 40

**Logan**

The noise from my classroom was predictable; leave a bunch of high school students with substitute teachers for several weeks; they're going to gain bad habits along the way. Boy were they going to get a shock when I walked through the door. I wasn't really that strict but if I needed to be I would. 

I walked into my class room and picked up the dictionary that was placed on my desk. I looked at them to see they were all in their little groups chatting away about what had happened over the weekend. A small sigh passed my lips and I slammed the book on my desk. They jumped and as soon as they saw me they sat down in their seats.

"Morning," I said and dropped my bag on the desk. "Get in your assigned seats," I said as I opened up my bag. I could hear a lot of movement which told me they were all in the wrong seats. "Did you all have a good weekend?" I ask, gaining a few mutters "how about Christmas?" I ask, looking at them. "Anyone want to share their Christmas?" I paused, "I could share you mine but it was dull," I said and took a wad of test papers out of my bag. "Anyone at all?" I asked  and a few hands slowly started to go up. "Yes Natalie," I said, smiling at her.

"I went back home for Christmas," she said "to see my grandparents," 

"Did you enjoy it?" 

"Yes and no, my grandfather passed away on Christmas eve," she said my eyes widened and I was about to said something "oh don't be sorry he was well happy, he was getting on a bit I mean he was 97 and well he knew and we all knew it was going to happen so it was ok. My Grandma wasn't that sad either, I think it's because she was sick of him," 

"Erm ok then," I said and stifled a chuckle as I closed my bag back up and placed it on the floor "anyone else?" I asked  and Courtney shot her hand up. She was what you would call a rich brat. "Yes Courtney," I said and sat down in my chair.

"Well daddy," she started and I closed my eyes hoping this wasn't going to go on forever.

"Yes Daddy got dear Courtney a new car and took dear Courtney on his new yacht around the Bahamas and daddy," one of the very down to earth and very said it how it is girls said mocking her tone of voice. "Only thing daddy didn't do for dear Courtney was push her off the damn yacht," she hissed. The class chuckled a little and Courtney huffed and folded her arms.

"You're just jealous because your daddy isn't as rich as mine," 

"Well of course not you stupid cow my daddy is dead," she said mocking the way Courtney said daddy.

"Oh wow," I said putting my hands on my head and facing the ceiling and the room went silent. "I'm going to be crazy before I reach thirty," I mumbled and rubbed my eyes while facing the class again to see them all looking at me.

"Sir," I heard a very quiet voice say. I looked around and it was the girl that always sat in the corner next to Megan. 

"Yes?"

"When is Megan going to be back?" she asks.

"Next week," 

"Is she ok...I mean is she better than what she was because she's obviously not going to be ok,"

"Yes she is," 

"Is it true you're living with her now?" Courtney asked.

"I'm her guardian for now," I say.

"Lucky bitch," Courtney said to herself but loud enough for people to hear.

"How the fuck is she lucky?" Melanie snapped. Courtney looked at her "please tell me because I would love to know how she is suddenly lucky," she says.

"Let's get on shall we," I said trying to distract her. Melanie stood up and walked towards her.

"Come on," she snapped, getting in her face. 

"I just meant," Courtney began to stutter.

"You just meant what? Because she hasn't exactly got a rich Daddy now has she? So she can't be lucky that way, so what is it then?"

"Melanie," I said standing up.

"Don't you want to know sir how Megan is apparently a lucky bitch?" she asks. I sigh and walk around my desk towards them. "I'll give you something lucky if you like," she said and raised her fist and before I could get to them she punched her in the face. The boys in the class burst out laughing and an 'Ooo' sound came from the class as Courtney started to cry.

"My nose," she cried.

"Melanie," I snapped and grabbed her arm. She turned to look at me and I saw her eyes watering. "Go outside and cool down," I say. She heaved a deep breath and walked out of my classroom. I looked at Courtney to see her nose was now bleeding. "Can someone take Courtney to the school nurse," I said walking away from Courtney and opening up my classroom door to see Melanie crouched down holding her head in her hands. 

"I'll take her," Natalie said and stood up with Courtney and escorted her out of my classroom.

"You've broken my new nose," Courtney said to Melanie.

"Aww you can just get 'Daddy to buy you a fucking new one can't you," she growled at her as she walked away. "Spoilt bitch," she hissed. I sigh and shut my classroom door and folded my arms while looking at Melanie. She looked at me "I'm sorry," she said standing up.

"It's not really me you should be saying sorry to," I say. "Now what's wrong, give me a good reason to not send you to detention,"

"She deserved it and you know it," she says. I sigh and smiled a little "see you agree," she said with a smirk "but you may as well give me detention because I did it because I wanted to,"

"I know everything with Megan has affected you and make you question yourself as a friend but punching everyone in the face who said a comment about her you don't like isn't going to make you feel better," I say.
"I know,"

"Go get your things and get to the head office," I said and opened the door. She sighs and walks back into my classroom and watches her pick her stuff up and then walk out. I shut the door and looked at the class. 

"Now you all have a test," I said with a smile. They all groaned "oh what fun we will have," I said and picked up the test sheets and placed them on a boy's desk. "Hand them out please," I said and walked to my desk. 

"You have until the end of class to do it and when the bell goes leave your papers on my desk in a neat pile." I looked at them "Don't worry I have something to do too, I need to read this book so you can all read it," I said smiling once more. 

"We hate you," one of the girls said.

"Aww and I love you too," I said smiling and putting my hand to my chest. The girl blushed and looked down at the test in front of her. "Enough fun, start and don't worry it's only so I know what has been taught to you while I've been away," I said and sat down in my seat taking the book I needed to read and started to read it.
###chapter 41
**Megan**

Brendan looked at me and smirked as he leaned towards me. I sigh and turn my head; he kisses my cheek and moves his arms around me. I looked at the time to see it was nearly one PM. Logan had rang me at eleven to wake me up and had decided to remind me of my session today. The truth was I was awake when he rang me as I had, had another nightmare. That was the reason Brendan was here now.

"What's wrong?" he asks.

"Nothing I'm just thinking," I said and stood up "I'm going to make myself a drink,"

"I'll do it," he said, smiling at me. I nodded and sat back down. I sigh and bring my knees to my chest and lay my head on my knees. 

"What's wrong?" I heard Logan's voice said as he placed a hand on my head. I looked at him and smiled.

"Nothing, now," I said, "I never heard you come in," I paused, "what are you doing home early anyway?" 

"I've come to take you to your session,"he says. I sigh and look away from him "As I knew you were planning on not going to it,"he states.

"Brendan's here," I said and I had to admit in a way it was to piss him off because I really did not want to go to the session after all it meant talking. 

"I know," he said and sat down next to me and looked around. He sighs and reaches for the bottle of vodka that was placed on the floor at the side of the table. "Megan, I leave you for four and a half hours and you're already drinking,"he says. I rolled my eyes and watched Brendan walk back into the room with a cup of coffee. He looked at Logan and frowned, obviously confused as to why he was back early and then continued to walk towards me with my coffee. "I'm guessing this was your doing," Logan said looking at him and shaking the bottle at him.

"No, she was drinking it when I got here, I've had her on coffee since I've been here," 

"And what time did you get here?"

"At about eleven, when you phoned," he says. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath ready for the evil look or lecture I was going to get off Logan. 

"Ok," he said and stood up, "You know there's a name for people who drink as soon as they get up in the morning, Megan," he says. 

"I'm very far from an alcoholic," I said and watched him walk off into the kitchen with the bottle.

"So you don't mind if I pour it down the sink then?" he asks. I sigh and clenched the mug in my hands.

"No," I said and started to drink my coffee.

"I better go then," Brendan said and looked at me "call me if you need me," he says. I nodded and felt his hand go into mine. He gave it a small squeeze and let go as he walked out. I heard the front door shut and then about a minute later his car started. 

Logan walked back into the room and then sat in front of me on the coffee table. He took the mug out of my hands and held my hands in his. "Talk to me,"he says. I glanced at him and then kept my eyes on our hands. 
"Please,"he says. I gulped and slowly started to cry. He sighed and sat next to me and hugged me. I hugged him back and moved on top of him "I have something to tell you,"he says. I pulled away and looked at him. 

"Melanie will be doing four weeks of Saturday detentions,"he states. My eyes widened "She punched Courtney in the face and broke her nose," I chuckled a little.

"She's wanted to do that for a while," I said quietly. 

"Hmm, she did it because Courtney called you a lucky bitch after finding out you were living with me," he says. 

"How is that lucky? You throw my alcohol down the sink that is not lucky," I said and looked at him to see him frown at me. I smiled a little and wiped my cheeks. He kissed me on the cheek and then held my hand.

"Why was Brendan here?" he asks.

"We didn't do anything," I said looking at him. 

"I never asked that,"he says.

"But we didn't, he tried to kiss me but I gave him the cheek," I say. He then sighs and looks down.

"Can I ask you something and you won't get angry or upset?" he asks. I nodded "have you and him ever slept with each other?" he asked. I shook my head.

"No and never will, I cheated on Tyler with him though," and as I said that his face sort of dropped "I shouldn't have told you that," I said to myself "What happened was Tyler had cheated on me and we had this argument over something else because I didn't want him to know that I knew, so we had an argument at this party and then he walked out leaving me on my own. And Brendan was there and I don't really need to go into details do I?"

"Yes," he says. I chuckled and looked at him.

"We didn't have sex," 

"Because that makes me feel so much better," he says. I sigh "What about Tyler did you and him ever have sex?"

"No, we were going to but then that night was the night I had found out my mother had died and then we were going to again but my father came home," I said and looked at him.

"So technically you're still a virgin?" he asks.

"No, Logan, I'm not and no matter what way you look at it I'm not. Benjamin took my virginity and well I can't change that,"

"But,"

"No buts do you not think I wish I was?" I ask .

"I do, but," he sighs, unable to finish that sentence. 

"I'm off to get ready," I said and got off him and walked out of the room to my room. I knew he was just trying to make me feel better but he wasn't. He was making me feel worse. I changed into a pair of black joggers and a white vest top with my jumper to match and walked down stairs to the living room. Logan stood with his trousers down. "What are you doing?" I ask .

"My stitches really itch. I'm going to change my bottoms," he said, taking them fully off and then walking past me and out of the living room.

"I thought you were doing something else," I said to myself.

"I heard that,"he says. I smiled a little and started to brush my hair in the mirror. After a few minutes he walked into the room now wearing a pair of jeans and wrapped his arms around my waist.  "It was pretty funny you know,"he states.

"What?"

"When Melanie punched Courtney," he states. I smiled and started to plait my hair to the side. He lays his head on my shoulder and yawns. "I'm shattered,"

"You should have gone to bed earlier," 

"I had tests to prepare,"he says. I looked at him as I tied the hair band at the end of my plait.

"My hair needs cutting," I said and looked at him. He hummed and moved his arms around my arms, hugging me tightly. "C'mon then you said you were taking me to my psychiatrist session not holding me hostage in front of a mirror," I said tapping his arms with my hand. He groaned and pulled away. "You're such a child sometimes," I said and walked out of the room to pick up my converse and sat on the steps to put them on. He walked out of the room with his car keys and folded his arms while looking at me.

"Have you been smoking?" he asks.

"I had two, maybe three cigarettes," he sighs. "It's not like I committed a murder Logan, lighten up," I said and stood up once I had my converse. "I don't smoke that much only every now and then," 

"When you're with Brendan?" he asks.

"Yes mostly but,"

"It seems you do a lot with Brendan," he said walking out of the Mansion "you drink with Brendan and you take drugs with Brendan, you cheat on boyfriends with Brendan. I can really see how much he cares about you,"he said as he walked to his car. I sigh and shut the front door and walk behind him to the car.
###chapter 42
**Megan**

"When was your last nightmare?" Sara, my therapist asks me.

"This morning,"

"And what happened in this nightmare?" 

"The same as what happens in the rest of them," I state.

"Explain to me," she says.

I sigh and look at her to see her waiting patiently. "I was in my bed asleep and I woke up to see I was back at home and I could hear him downstairs slamming the doors and bagging about. He was cursing something under his breath and the next thing I knew he was in my room and I was naked,"

"Can I ask you something?"

"When don't you ask me something," I said sarcastically.

"Was this a memory or a nightmare?" she asks "because a nightmare is part of the imagination and memory infused,"

"A memory this had happened,"

"Ok continue," she said and wrote something down.

"Urm anyway he was whipping me with the belt and I could feel every hit and he just kept laughing and taunting me as he did it," 

"Why was he whipping you?" I frowned "you said before that he always had a reason to. So what was the reason this time?"

"Urm I don't fully remember but I figured it was because I hadn't done what he had wanted me to do," I said and I could feel my heart wanting to jump out of my throat and my throat aching. 

You know the feeling that you get when you want to cry but you stop yourself and your throat starts to ache and your voice starts to break and you gulp multiple times to try and push the cry deep down, hoping it would never come out. That was what I was doing right now. I cleared my throat trying to ease the feeling but it didn't work. 

"It's ok, you can cry you know,"

I shook my head and looked at her "I don't want to," I say, but my voice was so close to making that crying sound that it came out like a whisper. She nodded and gestured for me to continue. "Urm," I said and took a deep breath. "He then stopped and came close to my body touching my back with his chest," I closed my eyes and took another deep breath.

"Take your time," she paused "we now have two hours and you can go over as much as you want, you're my last for today," she said "so we have all day," 

"Ok," I said and kept my eyes closed for longer and took another deep breath. "Ok," I said after a few minutes, "his lips were touching my ear as he whispered something, I can't fully remember what it was but after that he started to touch me and it felt like he was doing it for ages but he wasn't because I was just staring at the clock. Waiting until it was dawn because I knew as soon as it was morning I would be out of the room and on my way to school."

"What time would you leave for school?" she asks.

"As soon as it was light out, so around 5:30am to 6:30am luckily now though MacDonald's opens at six every day." I said with a small smile. She smiled back and tilted her head at me a little pondering on what she was going to say next.

"Did you feel safer outside that early in the morning than in that house?" she asks.

"Yes, I mean I would be walking in the morning sometimes at five AM and there would be people still out drunk and would try coming onto me and I wasn't as afraid of them as what I should be," I state.

"Ok that's understandable," she says. I frowned confused "well it is in your case because in a way you were already thinking you can't possibly do any worse to me than what my father has done, that is why it is understandable in your case," I oh'd and she started to change the subject "last session we touched upon certain feelings," she said "you said your body felt as if it had a certain desire but you didn't know what," she says. "But I get the feeling you do know, you're just afraid to admit it," she says. 

"I do, it's just I know it's wrong," I say.

"How is it wrong?"

"Because I shouldn't want to be touched," I snapped angrily. I hated this "I hate the feeling after what has happened to then want it is sick and twisted and I'm filthy for thinking it," 

"There are ways to satisfy it other than sex," she says.

"I don't want to do that though,"

"Have you tried masturbating?" she asks. I looked away from her "No one else is going to know Megan, there's only me in this room," she says. I sigh and nodded a little. "There's nothing to worry about you know it's perfectly normal to masturbate,"

"For a man it is not for a woman and not for me," I hissed.

"Ok you're obviously uncomfortable talking about this,"

"You think?" I ask  sarcastically.

"Does Logan know?" she asks.

"He knows about my feelings, he just doesn't seem to understand the full extent," I say. 

"How is your relationship with him going?" she asks "you told me last time how you two had first interacted out of school time what is it like now?" 

"He asked me out,"

"What?" she asks, a little shocked. I frowned a little as she was smiling a little "sorry it's just not something you hear a 23 year old doing, I mean when you think of someone going 'Will you go out with me?' you think of a very shy young boy," 

"I think he did it like that because we can't exactly just let it flow if you get what I mean," I say.

"Yeah that is true you can't. Although your relationship isn't against the law as long as you keep it legal, I'm glad you have told me about your relationship, I'm not going to be telling anyone about your relationship" she states, "But there is a lot of stress when it comes to 'forbidden' relationships," she says.

"Well I figured but he said it would be sort of easy for us because we live together,"

"That is true, but if I am honest with you Megan I don't think you are ready for a long term relationship or any relationship because you are very fragile at the moment, I just think maybe you and him should go very 
slow," she states. 

"I understand and he won't sleep with me until I've finished high school,"

"Well that's good," she said. "Now let's talk again about these nightmares," she said and got comfy once more. I sigh and look down at my lap.

---

"How did it go?" Logan asked as I got into the car. I shrugged and put on my seatbelt. He moved a hand to my leg and I moved my leg away from him. He then took my hand and I moved my hand out of his. "Ok,"he said and started the car. I slowly looked at him to see him concentrating on the road. I sigh and get comfy and silence laced over us.

The car ride was silent the whole way home. He got out of the car and I followed him up the pathway. "It went a bit over time,"he said when he went to the door.

"Sorry," I said quietly and as he opened the door for me I walked in, kicked off my converse and walked straight up to my room. 

I shut my door and locked it and then started to look around my room. I looked under my bed, in my drawers, in my wardrobe but I couldn't find it. I frowned and walked towards the piano that was still in my room and opened it to see it wasn't there. I then unlocked my door and walked into Logan's room. He wasn't in there which meant he was downstairs most likely making dinner. I started to search his room for it but I couldn't find it.

"What are you looking for?" I heard Logan ask. I looked at him.

"My box, where is it?" 

"What box?"

"You know what box," I said as I could feel myself start to cry. He sighs and looks away from me "Logan please," I begged.

"No I'm not telling you,"

"Please just tell me, I need it,"

"No you don't,"

"Yes, yes I do now where is it?" I ask . He shook his head "Tell me," I demanded. He remained silent. I barged past him and walked towards my room. "I hate you," I said and slammed my door shut, locking it behind me. I dropped to my knees and slowly started crying.

###chapter 43
**Megan**

I wiped my cheeks and slowly got up. I looked at the clock to see it said 18:30. My legs felt weak as I made my way to my bed. I sat on it and took my phone out of my pocket and dialled Brendan's number. There was no answer. I sigh and place my phone on the bedside table and walk towards my wardrobe. Once inside my wardrobe I started to pull out some clothes to wear. I then heard my phone go off. I ran to my bed and picked it up.

"Brendan," I say.

"What's wrong?" he asks "you seem upset,"

"Will you come and get me? Please," I say.

"Yeah, sure but what's going on first?" he asks.

"I'll explain when you get here," I said and put the phone down. Ten minutes had passed and I heard a knock on my bedroom door. "Who is it?" I asked  as I walked towards it.

"Brendan,"he says. I opened the door and let him in. "What's wrong?" he asks. I took a deep breath and sat on the edge of my bed. "Megan,"he said sitting next to me.

"Will you take me out?" I ask 

"Where?" 

"Just take me somewhere away from here, I want to get out of the house," I state.

"Yeah sure, if that's what you want,"he said confused. I sigh and walk back to my wardrobe to pick up what I had pulled out to wear.

"You got here pretty fast,"

"Well I was on my way to begin with because you said how you didn't want to go to that session so I thought I'd come and see you afterwards to make sure you were ok, that was the reason why I didn't answer the phone, I was driving," he explained.

"Oh ok," I said and walked out wearing a long top and torn black jeans. He gave me a small smile and I sat down next to him.

"You're shaking are you ok?" he asks.

"I just want my box," 

"Ah, the box,"he said, laying back and looking at me. I looked at him "I'm guessing Logan has hidden it?" he asks. I nodded and looked at the t-shirt he was wearing which was a black t-shirt that had multiple sex positions on it. "We can try them out if you like," he said, smirking. I rolled my eyes and looked away from him.

"Have you got any alcohol?" I ask .

"Oh yeah I'm just going to pull it out of my arse,"he says.

"Sorry," I say.

"I'm sorry,"he said "I have things on my mind, probably not as much as you but I do,"he said and sat up. He moved his arm around my shoulders and I gulped. My body already felt hot enough I really couldn't do with him touching me. "So why do you want to self harm today?" he asks, smiling a little as he said it in a very casual way. 

"I urm...we need to go out," I said standing up and moving his hand off me. He frowned and I walked towards my door. I unlocked it and opened it "C'mon then," I said and walked out of my room with him behind me. I went to the stairs to see Logan sat on the steps and he was on the phone.

"Yeah I understand,"he said to the person on the other end. "Well I'm not in the best of places at the moment so I think a few weeks back in England may help,"he says. My eyes widened and I slowly started to walk down the stairs. "Well you see she hates me now so I think she'll be ok with it and anyway I'm not really helping her am I? I keep fucking up every time," he paused "I'm not really helping if I'm now making her hate me, she won't talk to me so I can't help. No that's not exactly it, she obviously feels like she can't talk to me and if she feels that way then there is nothing I can do. Maybe it's best for her if she moves in with her grandfather and I move back home,"he said as he moved his head down and his hand covering his eyes. I glared at his back and clenched my fists. He couldn't just leave me,he said he'd never leave me and now here he was planning it.

I looked at Brendan who was standing next to me. I looked away from him and walked down the stairs and passed Logan. I grabbed my converse and walked out the door.

---

Brendan sighs and walks down the stairs as he watches Logan stand at the door and clench his fists. He sighs and takes a deep breath "Logan,"he said as he walked down the stairs. "I know you don't like me and well I don't really care if you do or you don't. But she hasn't told me what's made her so emotional, maybe it's because of the session,"he said and stood at the bottom. "If I was you I'd just get some sleep, she'll be back I promise,"he said and walked over to him to go put his hand on Logan's shoulders. Logan turned and grabbed Brendan's arm and pushed him against the wall and pinned him to the wall. 

"Touch her and I'll kill you,"he said glaring at him, "do you understand,"he says. Carl walked in and stood at the living room doorway and folded his arms.

"Logan don't scare the poor boy you'll make him pee his pants,"he said "he doesn't really mean he'll kill you he'll just majorly hurt you,"he said with a smile "now let go of him," Logan freed Brendan and stepped back. Brendan looked at Carl and Carl just smiled at him once more. "And we are serious, if you touch her, believe it when I say one of your limbs will stop working,"he said and walked over to them. "Now leave,"he said and Brendan nodded and walked out. "Cocky bastard," Carl said as he walked back into the living room "I was enjoying my TV, come Logan I'll relax you,"

"Fuck you," Logan snapped.

"You can if you like,"he says.

----
**Logan**

Brendan stood in front of me and smirked a little. I frowned and watched him open the car door for me. I climbed in and he shut the door and walked round the car to the driver's side. Once he was in he sighs and chuckles a little while starting the car. "What do you find amusing?" I ask .

"I'll tell you later,"he said and pulled out of the driveway. 

"Can we go somewhere fun?" 

"Don't we always?" he asks. I sigh and look away. 

"I don't fancy a party; can we go to the beach?" 

"If you fancy the beach we'll go to the beach,"he says.

"Can we buy alcohol?" I asked  as I rummaged through his glove compartment.

"We will see. What are you looking for?" he asks.

"Cigarettes," I said and then I found them.

"We're not getting alcohol because I'm driving,"

"Then you won't drive until the morning," I said and lit up a cigarette. He took the cigarette from my mouth and looked at me. 

"The alcohol maybe a yes if you don't smoke,"he says. I huffed "I'm trying to quit so you're going to quit,"he said and opened the window and threw the cigarette out the window along with the packet.

"Fine," I said and folded my arms.

---
**Megan**

"He obviously thought he was doing the right thing," Brendan said. I had just told him about Logan hiding my box. I sigh "No don't go off on one just hear me out,"he says. I nodded in response and he moved his arms fully around me keeping me warm. "He cares about you a lot, it's obvious. That box has your razors in and god knows what else that you use to self harm and he knows that. He's not going to just hand it over to you while knowing what you're going to do with it," he explained "he's going to think the worse as soon as you get your hands on that box, which is why he's refusing to give you it,"

"But I'm not going to die,"

"He doesn't know that and you don't know that, I've seen how deep these scars can be,"he said as he moved my wrist in front of us both. "Are you telling me you didn't want to end your life a few hours ago?" he asks. I sigh "Exactly, if he had given you the box and you ended up dying what do you think would happen?"

"I guess you're right," I said and laid my head back on his chest "I still hate him," I said and moved the bottle of Jack Daniels to my lips. 

"So are you both still going out or?" he asks, I sigh. 

"No, he's given up on me so I guess we aren't, why?" I ask, looking at him.

"No reason,"he said and smiled down at me. He took the bottle out of my hands and took a swig of it and then placed the top on it and placed the bottle at the side of us. 

"What would you have done?" I ask .

"What do you mean?" he asks, laying his head on my shoulder.

"Would you have given me the box?" 

"I would have made a deal with you, because when I was studying psychology we had to study a case of a girl who had self harmed for years and we had to try and find a way to stop her from self harming. And if you think about it, self harming is like an addiction, it starts to become your way of getting out of things and you think you control it but it controls you like a vicious circle. Anyway having you wait an hour would have been the best option, even if you didn't like it I would give you an hour and if you asked me for the box after that then I would give you it as long as you gave me it back afterwards," he explained. "In a way it's like weaning you off it because in that hour I'd do something to take your mind off it,"

I sigh and stay silent while watching the fire in front of us. Several minutes had passed and I was drinking from the bottle still. "It's weird how the strong taste doesn't taste as strong after a while," I say.

"That's because your body is starting to feel a bit numb,"he said and kissed my neck.

"Don't," I said, moving away.

"Ok,"he said and turned his head away and rested it on my shoulder.

"Sorry," I said quietly. 

"Its fine Megan, don't feel bad,"he says.

"My session today was horrible," 

"I figured,"he says. "Do you want to tell me what you spoke about?"

"She thinks I'm obsessed with sex,"

"Did she say that?" he asks.

"No but I know she's thinking it," I say.

"Why's that?"

"Promise you won't think I'm a freak,"

"I promise,"

"I or my body..." I stalled and he sighs.

"I know,"he said quietly. I frowned, "you told me once when you were drunk, you said something about needing to be touched and you got really angry and then started crying while calling yourself a freak and sick,"he says.

"Oh," 

"It's not uncommon, you know," he says. "But that doesn't change how you feel,"he said and looked at me "Now come on because I'm falling asleep here,"he said, pushing me up. I sigh and stand staggering a little to the side. He grabbed me quickly "you nearly fell into the fire then,"he says.

I chuckled and breathed in deeply. He looked at me and moved me away from the fire and started to kick sand over it until it was out. He then walked me up the steps that led to the car park and we stood in front of his car. I sat on the bonnet and he sat on the wall. He closed his eyes and I slowly started to laugh.

"Don't laugh, I'm sleepy," he said and then jumped off the wall "c'mon before I fall asleep here too,"he said moving his arm around me and walking with me away from the car park. 

###chapter 44

**Megan**

My body shivered as I stepped away from Brendan, my hand still clasped in his. He pulled me towards him and I stumbled into him. He took his jacket off and wrapped it around me. I moved my hands into the arms of his jacket and smiled at him and then we continued to walk back to the mansion. 

After about half an hour it started to rain heavily. I grabbed his hand and pulled him to where there was shelter. He looked at me and I took his jacket off. "Megan," he said, frowning. 

"Here," I said, handing it to him. He folded his arms "Just put it on," I say, he did as I told him and put the jacket on. I smiled and moved my arms to the inside of his coat and hugged him, "This is warmer," I say. He chuckled and looked down at me while moving my hair away from me. I smiled and leaned up on my tip toes and gave him a kiss. He kissed me back and moved his hands to my hips.

**Logan**

Megan and Brendan walked into the mansion, shutting the door behind them. They were completely soaked from head to toe. Megan took her jumper off and shivered. "It's fucking freezing," she said and started to take her soaked jeans off.

"Yes because getting naked is going to warm you up,"

"No stupid but keeping wet clothes on is just going to keep me cold," she said and gathered her hair to the side. I watched them from the doorway. "Take your clothes off so they can dry too," she says. He raised an eyebrow, "I know you're not used to a girl telling you to take your clothes off that is why I understand your shocked look," she says. He shook his head at her comment and she sat on the bottom step. 

"That was hurtful,"he said and knelt down to her level and took her hands in his and pulled her up with him. "C'mon bed, I'm shattered,"he said, turning her and pushing her up the stairs. She started to walk up the stairs and he picked up her clothes and then looked at me. He then looked away and followed her up the stairs.

A sigh passed my lips as I turned into the living room. I wasn't hurt, I was more disappointed. She didn't seem to understand that I only do the things I do for her. That box she was too dependent on, she didn't need it. I had told her she could talk to me but then it seemed she didn't want to or was it she couldn't. If she couldn't then that meant I wasn't the best person for her to be with at the moment. 

I sat back on the couch and looked at the box she desired earlier on. It was a wooden box with different shades of brown making it look like it was made from different types of wood. It had a gloss shine to it and a brass latch on its front. I moved my hand over it and picked it up by the lid. It was heavy but I knew that was because of the box itself not from what was inside. I flipped the latch open as I placed the box on my knee and opened the box. The interior of the box was lined with dark red velvet. If anything I'd said this box was supposed to be kept for jewellery rather than blades and bits of broken glass. 

I sigh once more and laid down while closing the box lid and placing the box back on the coffee table. I closed my eyes and moved my hands behind my head. I looked at the clock to see it was half three in the morning. Staying up all night wasn't my plan but I wanted to make sure she was home and I wanted to see what state she was in when she did come home.

Then I heard footsteps and then the door opened and then quietly closed. I opened my eyes and waited till the person came into view. My eyebrows rose as I watched Megan walk to the liquor cabinet. She opened a drawer and searched it. She was now wearing pyjamas. Her bottoms were black silk and she wore a red tank top to go with them. It seemed they were a set because the bottoms had red lining at the bottom of them and the top had black lining around it. She sighs and places her head in her hands.

"Stupid fucking key," she growled. I raised an eyebrow at her swear and smirked a little. She sighs again and searches the drawer next to the one she had just searched. "Yes," she said and took what I assumed was the key and shut the draw and started to unlock the cabinet doors. She opened them and then looked around trying to pick out which one she wanted. 

I would stop her but she would have to turn around at some point and she'd see me then. I watched her reach up on her tiptoes for the clear bottle at the top. Her fingertips touched the bottle but that was it, she couldn't reach. "Trust good stuff to be at the top," she said to herself. "And why can't I reach?" she asked herself and stopped trying to reach for it and instead climbed on top of the ledge on the cabinet and reached for it. "Brains of America," she said to herself as she read the bottle. She unscrewed the top and sniffed it but then shot it back but then brought it to her lips. She took a swig and then brought the bottle down. 

"Urgh," she said and climbed back down and screwed the top back on and closed the cabinet doors, locked them and placed the key back in the drawer she found it in. I watched her turn and then jump; her eyes landed on her box and then back at me. 

"Which one did you pick?" I ask . She didn't reply to me, she just stood there staring. "I'm guessing from the red top and the writing on it, it's tequila," I say. 

"What are you doing down here?" she finally asked.

"What does it look like?"

"Why aren't you in your bed?" she asks

"The couch is comfier than my bed," I lied. 

She looked up at the clock and then looked back at me. She walked over to me and placed the bottle on the coffee table and then went to pick her box up but I reached for it too, "It's mine," she says. 

"I know,"

"Right so get your hand off it," she hissed and glared at me. 

"Fine," I said and took my hand off the box and turned on my stomach, "do whatever you want I don't care about you no more," I state. Which was true, why should I care for someone who hates me? I could still feel her standing staring at me. I sigh "What are you waiting for? A fucking bus" I ask . 

"When are you leaving?" she asked and it almost sounded like she was crying. 

"When school breaks for spring break," I said, which meant I was leaving in about seven weeks. 

"That's..." she stopped what she was going to say and I could hear her breathing become heavy. "Ok," she said and then I heard her pick up the bottle and a few seconds later I heard the door shut. I sigh and turn on my back staring up at the ceiling.

"You idiot," I said to myself and covered my face with my hands "you made her cry," I growled at myself and looked at the table to see she had taken the box and the alcohol. 


###chapter 45
**Megan**

My body ached, the pain was different to any other pain I had ever had before, but what did I expect. He couldn't care about me forever. I wasn't worth caring about. I had warned him of all this when I woke up in hospital and I warned him to save myself from this pain, but he promised me he would never hurt me. 

Taking a deep breath I closed my eyes trying to calm myself down and then opened them again as I let the air out of my lungs. I slowly made my way up to my room, trying my best to make it look like I hadn't cried.

Opening my bedroom door I saw Brendan sat on my bed in his boxers. He looked at me from his phone and gave me a small smile. I walked over to him and placed my box on my bedside table.

"Are you ok?" he asks. I nodded and dropped the bottle on the bed. I was lying and he most likely knew that. He moved his hand into one of mine and shook me a little and my eyes met his "Megan,"he said and cupped my face with his other hand.

"Sleep with me," I said quietly.

"What?" he asks, surprised.

"I want you to have sex with me," I quietly explained. 

"No," he said looking down and taking his hand from my face "you're upset and drunk and I don't think you're ready,"

"Why does everyone say that?" I ask  "I was ready a long time ago just because I was" I paused and took a deep breath "...doesn't mean I'm suddenly not ready," I growled "heck I would have slept with you that night we got together when I was going out with Tyler but you wouldn't then because of my age and I was pretty out of it," I paused "but right now I'm not out of it and I know what I'm saying," I say.

"Maybe so but it wasn't like you got raped just the once was it,"he said now looking at me. I flinched at the word 'rape' and leaned in to kiss him. He pushed me back "No Megan, in a couple of month's maybe but not now,"he states.

"What if I'm not here in a couple of months? What if I'm dead tomorrow?" 

"Why are you talking like that?" he asked and his eyes landed on my box and then looked at me. "No, you can't do something like that, I won't let you,"

"You're not here all the time Brendan, you can't watch me 24 seven," I stated and climbed onto his lap "One way or another I'm going to do it," I said and wrapped my arms around his neck while kissing his neck.

"Logan wouldn't let you,"

"Logan doesn't care no more, he just told me," I said and grabbed the bottle of tequila and unscrewed the top. "Do you want some?" I ask .

"No,"he said as his eyes were fixed on my box and then looked at me "I'll sleep with you on one condition,"he says. I smiled, "You throw what is in that box and the box away,"he states. 

"Of course," I said happily when really inside I was dying. I didn't want to throw it away and he knew that. I sigh and stand while reaching for my box. 

My heart pounded and my body was shaking. I needed this box more than anything in the world, disposing of it was not something I thought about ever. That had never once in my life crossed my mind and here I was opening it and reaching for the two blades and three pieces of broken glass inside it ready to throw them. Bringing the bottle to my lips I chugged down as much as I could before the pain of my throat burning became unbearable. I placed the bottle on the bedside table and walked to the giant window and looked out of it, the rain still pounding down on the ground below. The rain made the only sound in the room as I slowly opened the window.

"I can't," I said looking at him and tears rolling down my face. 

"I know," he said, getting up and walking towards me and hugging me tightly. He took the box out of my hand and closed it. He pulled me into a kiss and picked me up. He placed me on my bed and then walked to my window shutting it and then placed my box on my bedside table and kissed me once more. His kiss felt different than it normally does. Today when I kissed him that also felt different, his kiss felt the same as what Logan's always felt like. I pushed him away.

"Stop it," I say.

"Stop what?" he asks.

"The way you're kissing me," I state. He frowned obviously confused "I don't want you to kiss me like that because you'll just hurt me like he has,"

"Like who has?" he asked, moving onto my bed and I moved back until my back was touching my head board.

"Logan downstairs," I said and started to cry "and if you kiss me like he does then that means you're going to hurt me,"

"I'm not going to hurt you,"

"That's what he says," I cried "he lied and you're doing the same thing," 

"I don't understand," he said and placed his hands on my knees. "if I was out to hurt you Megan would I say no to having sex with you, would I be up at four in the morning with you right now?" he asks. I shook my head 

"Megan if I wanted to hurt you I would have done it by now,"he states and sat back. I looked at him and wiped my tears, "Come here,"he says. 

I looked down and crawled to him, letting him hug me. I leaned up and kissed him again, his hand cupped my face and I pulled him on top of me. He pulled back and looked down at me. A very small smile creased his lips and he kissed my left cheek then my forehead then my nose to my lips. I smiled into the kiss and ran my hands through his hair and his hands moved from my hips to tangle in my hair. His body touched mine as he relaxed more and I moved my hands down to the bottom of his back. He pulled back and I felt his breath on my face as we both breathed for air. 

The room slowly started to feel as if it was spinning as I closed my eyes and got comfy underneath him. I opened them and looked into his light brown eyes, his lips only an inch from mine and he slowly closed that gap and again we were connected. My body was soon heating up and it seemed he was too, as he was no longer cold. The feeling of his hands moved down my body and slowly under my top. He fingers making small circles over my hip bones and over my stomach to my rib cage. I pulled back and looked down and then back at him kissing him again. His tongue glided over my tongue as his hands moved to my breasts.

"I can stop if you want me to,"he said while pulling away a little. His lips skimmed mine as he said it.

"It's ok," I said, kissing him and moaning into the kiss as I felt his hands start to rub and press down on my breasts. He pulled back and started to kiss down my neck.

---
**Logan**

The house was quiet which was surprising. My watch told me it was five O'clock so I wasn't really planning on going to bed. I needed a shower and that was what I was going to do and probably leave earlier than I have 
ever left the house. My brain couldn't comprehend what I had done; saying those sorts of things to her was nasty of me. I had probably broken every promise I had made to her tonight which most likely meant she hated me more than ever. Which probably also meant I had just pushed her away from me to Brendan. Surprisingly I wasn't that angry because it seemed he'd probably be better for her than I will ever be. 

I was standing at the top of the stairs when I heard her bedroom door open, I walked into the room next to hers leaving the door open. I looked out to see Brendan walking out with his clothes and shutting the door while sighing. He put on his black jeans and buckled them up and then pulled a cigarette out and lit it up.

"I'm not the one you want to sleep with first,"he said quietly to himself. He then chuckled "that arsehole better thank me later all I've been doing is praising the shit out of him, I could have slept with her tonight only because I chose not to didn't mean I didn't want to," he says. "Brendan, lack of sleep is making you insane, you're talking to yourself," he said and shook his head as he walked towards the room I was in.

My eyes widened and I walked into the bathroom that was also connected to Carl's room. I sigh in relief and walk into Carl's bedroom, shutting the door behind me quietly. I looked at his bed to see him still asleep. I sigh in relief the last thing I needed was him making some perverted comment about me being in his room. I slowly made my way to his door trying my best not to make a noise. I knew I had reached the door but it was too dark to see. After searching with my hands I found the door handle and as I opened the door the light went on.

"Is this how it's going to be? You sneak into my room and leave before I wake up. That's just charming Logan. I thought you were more of a gentle man,"he says.

"Shut up," I say.

"You ravish me and now you're rude to me that is just heartbreaking,"

"I never fucking touched you," I said turning to look at him.

"So why am I naked and aroused?"

"Because you always sleep naked and you're fucking touching yourself that's why," I snapped. 

"Oh yeah," he paused "sorry my bad go on I'm off back to doing my business,"

"You need fucking help,"

"Oh I don't need help with that," he said smiling. 

"Carl you better stay out of my face for a few days," I snapped and walked out of the room slamming the door shut. 

That arsehole really did anger me to the point of wanting to commit murder. I took a deep breath and walked towards Megan's room. I opened the door and quietly shut it. I looked to see the lamp on and she was fast asleep. 

My whole body completely froze when I saw her clothes on the floor. Her box was on the bedside table along with the bottle of tequila which was now half empty. I walked towards her bed and sat down looking at the bottle and then turned to look at her to see she wasn't naked, she had her bra on  which was a relief. The love bite on her neck though didn't put my mind to rest. 

"Logan," I heard her murmur. I looked at her to see her eyes were closed but her eyelashes were wet and she looked like she was about to cry. "No," she said once more in the same murmur "please...don't leave...please," she said and the tears fell. I frowned; she was dreaming or more likely having a nightmare. "You...promised...don't hurt...Logan," she didn't make sense. I pulled the covers up to see she was in her underwear and I got in next to her moving my arms around her waist. 

"It's ok," I said to her, holding her tightly to me. 

"Please..." she cried "Logan...don't...leave..."

I hushed her as I held her hands in mine and lay next to her. I wasn't going to wake her up because I knew she'd probably kick me out of her bed and never talk to me again. This was probably my last chance to ever be able to hold her like this with how today has gone.

"I...love...you...Logan...please..." she cried. My eyes widened and I looked down at her "please..." she seemed to be begging and crying. Did she mean what she just said, it was most likely the dream, you feel things for people you wouldn't normally feel for them in dreams. Either way though it was nice to hear it from her even if it meant she didn't mean it.

"I love you too," I said quietly and kissed her shoulder and lay next to her trying to calm her down from what seemed to be a nightmare. 

###chapter 46
**Megan** 

The feeling of safety was the first thing I felt as I started to wake up. The bed sheets on my bare skin kept me warm not to mention the body next to me. A yawn escaped my mouth as I stretched feeling that the body was fully clothed and very muscular. The body moved, making me move with it, their arms going round my waist as they moved me on my side. My eyes finally opened and I slowly turned to the side of me to see Logan laying there happily sleeping. A frown formed on my face and I looked at my clock to see it was two in the afternoon. My eyes widened and I turned to start shaking him.

"Logan," I said quickly, "Logan, wake up," his eyes slowly opened and he looked at me.

"What,"he said, yawning and turning to sleep again.

"It's nearly two o'clock," I say.

"Hmm it'll be fine,"he said sleepily. I sigh and look down at him counting down to three in my head. He looked cute sleeping bless him, he looked so vulnerable and strong all at the same time. 

"1" I said and he shot up.

"Shit,"he said, getting up out of my bed and his hand shot to his leg as he collapsed onto his knee. I got up and walked towards him. "Fucking hell," I smiled it was even cuter hearing him said that with his accent. He then sighs and sits on my bed "Can I borrow your phone?" he asks.

"Yeah," I said and he reached for my phone that was on the bedside table. I looked down once I started to remember things from last night. My head hurt like hell because of the alcohol. I sigh and laid back down and turned so my back was towards him.

"Hey...I know I'm sorry I've just woken up, there were a few problems last night which caused me to be up all night...no she's ok...I know in future I'll call earlier and I'm sorry I didn't expect to be up all night,"he said over the phone. I sigh and squeeze my eyes shut. He had stayed up all night waiting for me and I just threw his efforts in his face, no wonder he didn't care about me any more. I heard him put my phone on my bedside table and then felt my mattress go up. 

"Why were you sleeping in my bed?" I ask .

"You were crying in your sleep and I never meant to fall asleep,"he states. I sat up and looked at him. He was now standing at the foot of my bed. His hair was a complete mess and his eyes were bloodshot.

"You stayed up then?" I ask .

"Yeah until you had stopped and I remember thinking to myself I'll leave in a few minutes but obviously I fell asleep because I was just going to get a shower and leave for work as it was about half five when you stopped crying," he explained

"Where's Brendan?" I asked  and I wished I hadn't because the look on his face was heartbreaking. He gulped and shrugged and turned. "Logan," I said, which caused him to stop."I'm sorry," I said quietly and felt my eyes start to water. "I understand why you hid the box from me and I understand why you have given up on me and I understand why you don't care about me any more but I need you to know I'm sorry," I cried. He sighs and starts to walk to my door. I cried harder and laid down on my bed covering myself up and now I didn't feel as safe as I did five minutes ago and I didn't feel as warm. I felt cold and somewhat emotionally unsafe. 

"What did you and Brendan do last night?" he asks. My eyes widened, he hadn't left, I sat up and looked to see he was locking the door and his back stayed facing me "Megan,"he says.

"Nothing,"

"Please don't lie to me,"he says.

"When I came back upstairs I ask  him to sleep with me," I state. He sighs "But," he turned to look at me "he wouldn't because he knew I was upset and hurting, all we did was touch I swear," I say.

"So why are you in your underwear and why was he in his underwear when he left your room?" he asks. I sigh and cross my legs and bring the quilt cover up to cover me.

"He was in his boxers anyway because his clothes were soaked and I was well..." I trailed off and covered my face. "We didn't do anything," I cried "please just believe me," I heard him sigh and then my bed weighed down and his arm moved around me.

"I'm sorry,"he said and pulled me into a hug. I took the covers from my face and looked at him, "last night I didn't mean what I said I just saw how you looked at me, you really seemed like you hated me so I figured there was no need for me to keep having these feelings for you and when I said I didn't care I was trying to convince myself that if I said it and hurt you enough then I would stop feeling the way I am for you. But that didn't work as when I came up the stairs and I saw Brendan leave your room the only place I wanted to go was here in this bed," he explained.

"I understand," I said quietly. He moved his arms around my waist and pulled me towards him. "Will you stay here with me?"

"I wouldn't have locked the door otherwise,"he states. I smiled and looked up at him "but you're going to have to put some clothes on, I have not had sex for a very long time and your underwear is not leaving a lot to my imagination," he explained. I felt my cheeks burn and could tell they had gone very red as he smirked at me. I sat up and went to get out of bed but stopped.

"It's cold," I said and climbed into bed snuggling into my pillow. He sighs and then takes off his t-shirt. I smiled and took it. "This will drown me," I said and pulled his t-shirt over my head. He smiled while looking at me "What?" I ask .

"Nothing, you just look very cute,"he said and pulled me into a hug and kissed me on the lips. My whole body warmed up instantly as his hands went around my waist holding me tightly to his body. He moved his body so I was now in between his legs. My hands rested on his chest and he pulled away. He smiled and kissed my cheek to my ear. "You're so beautiful,"he said in my ear.

"Shut up," I said and tapped his chest with my hand while blushing immensely at his compliment.

"I'm serious,"he said and kissed across my jaw line "every...bit...of...your...body...is...beautiful,"he said in between kisses and then kissed me on the lips. "Admit or I will tickle you,"he said looking at me.

"No," I said and leaned in to kiss him and as I did I felt his hands nip my sides and then do it again. I giggled "stop it," I say.

"Then admit it,"

"Fine...fine you're right,"

"I'm right about what?" he asks.

"About how I look," I said, diverting the words he said.

"You see that's not saying that you're beautiful,"he said and started to tickle me once more.

"Ok, ok I am beautiful," I said and pushed myself off his chest. There was one thing I hated more than most things in the world and that was getting tickled. I'm a very ticklish person and I will give up straight away.

"That was easy,"he said and pulled the covers over us. I smiled and rested my head on his chest. "I never meant to hurt you,"he says. I sigh and snuggle into his chest hearing his heartbeat loud and clear. "I guess when 

I saw you with Brendan I was jealous, really jealous and I still am. Hurting you has never been my intention I swear and I feel like a complete shit head for it,"

"Logan shut up," I said as I moved my hand up to his neck "I'm trying to sleep," 

"I'm just trying to say how sorry I am,"

"Yeah well don't, I don't want to hear it just let me go back to sleep," I snapped and there was silence "please," I quickly added on and he chuckled while moving my head up so he could kiss me. "This isn't letting me sleep," I said still with my eyes shut and in between his sweet kiss. I felt him smile as he moved a hand onto my bum. He slowly pulled back from the kiss and laid down fully and I got back comfy on him. Laying my head on his chest he took my hand intertwined my fingers with his and his thumb stroked the scars on my wrist. I went to pull my hand back but he stopped me.

"It's ok,"he said, "In a way these scars are your past showing you that although you were in pain you're still here,"he said and kissed the top of my head. "That's what scars are there for,"he said and rested my hand on his chest while stroking my fingers with his. 

###chapter 47

**Megan**

I remained silent and closed my eyes once more. The sound of his heart beating gave me butterflies. I never imagined I'd be this close to him. The only thing separating our bodies touching skin to skin was his t-shirt. Somehow I had this urge to take the t-shirt off but I also wanted to keep it on just because it was his t-shirt, he had worn it and it smelled like him. It was like a massive hug from him around my body. I loved it.

"Why do you always wear these bracelets?" I ask, looking at  him and pulling on the two bracelets that looked handmade.

"My wife made them for me and I've never taken them off,"he says. I smiled a little and rested on his chest again.

"What was she like?" 

He was silent for a minute and he let out a low sigh and stroked up and down my hand "She was amazing,"he said and I looked at him to see how much he did love her and the pain he had felt when she died. "She was a little like you but much more stubborn and she was really carefree even with what was happening to her, she would act like it never happened. Looking at her you would have never guessed she was getting abused," 

"Why?" I ask .

"She did what you did, wore a lot of makeup and if it couldn't cover a bruise she would say that she walked into a door or one of her cousins did it or while she was babysitting her neighbour's children the child hit her accidently," he explained. "Eventually her friends would call her clumsy and the children babysitter beaters," he sighs "for a long time I actually believed her until one night we had quite a bit to drink and I saw the bruises on her ribs, we got into an ugly argument and she would not tell me who had done it to her," his facial expression started to change and the anger started to show." She finally told me and I wanted to kill her mother, it was mainly her mother and her mother was a lawyer surprisingly. It turned out her mother was hitting her father and when she wasn't hitting him she was hitting her."

"Why didn't he just leave?"

"Her mother was one of the best lawyers in the city and well he wasn't all that great himself when he cheated on her mother countless of times so she'd get everything in their divorce, he did try and he had been saving money for them and when we went to Vegas to get married he ran off thinking that we weren't going to come back. And when we did get back her mother got worse with the beatings they started being more often and she started blaming Stephanie for her father leaving so it got worse that way as well."

"Wow, that sounds really shit and I feel sorry for her," I said and sat up more and looked down at him "you blame yourself," I state. He frowned and then looked away "I can see it, that's why you always look so troubled," 

"I don't blame myself I just think if I hadn't have taken her to Vegas then she'd still be alive,"

"Which is blaming yourself," I said and smiled while moving on top of him.

"I was supposed to get her away from all that I even promised her I'd get her away from it all and I broke that promise,"he said and turned me off him. He looked me in the eyes, the sadness showing fully clouding his blue eyes. "It seems that's all I seem to be good at doing though," 

"That's not true,"

"All I've done with you is break promises to you. I'm just repeating everything I did with her,"he states and moves my hair from my face. He stroked down my neck and a sigh escaped him and the look on his face deepened. "It's really know wonder you hate me and why you're not getting any happier," 

"Logan," I said quietly and he sighs while pulling me towards him and into his arms.

"I'm so sorry,"he said and kissed the top of my head "will you forgive me?" he asked.

"Of course Logan," I stated and looked at him and pulled me into a kiss. I pulled back and sighs while looking at him. It was funny how he could do what he's done and I forgive straight away as soon as he's said sorry. 

That was different with Tyler, with Tyler I wasn't a push over, I'd stay angry with him for at least a couple of days. I sigh and push him away from me and then get out of bed.

"What's wrong?" he asks.

"Nothing," I said and walked into the bathroom and shut the door behind me.

"It doesn't seem like it,"he said loud enough for me to hear. I remained silent and started to run myself a bath. "You know it will take a while for that bath to run because it is a big bath,"he states. I smirked a little and walked towards the door "I can get in it with you if you like, but that is entirely up to you." I sigh and unlock the door and open it to look at him. He gave me a cheeky innocent smile.

"I'm mad at you,"

"Why?" he asks, completely confused.

"Because I'd never forgive someone that easily and I should be mad at you," I state.

"Oh ok,"he said and walked back to the bed. He laid in it and as he did there was a knock at my door. I frowned as I looked at it.

"Megan," my eyes widened. It was Brendan. It had completely slipped my mind but we talked about our relationship last night and I wasn't too sure but I think I'm going out with him. Logan looked at me and I looked away from him to the door.

"You need to hide," I said quietly and then looked at him "Now," I added on.

"Are you serious?" he asks.

"Yes now hide," I said walking towards him and pulling him up and dragging him into my closet and then shutting the door. I took a deep breath and walked to my door unlocking and opening it. I gave Brendan a small smile and my smile widened when I saw his bed head hair. "Why did you leave me last night?" I ask now, looking him in the eyes. He smiled a little and walked into my room laying down on my bed.

"Because Megan you didn't half turn me on last night I needed to leave because I couldn't sleep,"he states and patted the bed. I smiled and sat on the bed, he frowned. "Whose is that top?" he asks.

"Oh this I think it's Tyler's or Logan's. I just pulled it out of my wardrobe when you knocked," I lied. He sighs and sat up looking at me.

"Last night you said some things,"he said, taking a serious tone and look. I sigh and look down, "nothing bad, just things that worried me,"he states. I sigh "You may not like what I'm going to suggest and I'll drop it as soon as you say whatever you are going to say afterwards but you should think about it because of last night,"he said quickly, "OK?" he asks. I nodded and watched him "Maybe you should think about moving in with your grandfather, now just hear me out before you said no. Living here is fine but you don't have a lot of guidance because last night with what you told me Logan's hurting you in a way that will take a lot to get over because he says all these things to you and he tells you he cares about you but then acts like he doesn't. It doesn't take a genius to figure out he's got demons of his own and well maybe you need time away from all this. From the drama with Logan and probably with me because I know I'm not helping you much when I take you to parties and shit. Time away might do some good," he explained.

"I get what you mean," I said quietly "but I'm scared when I'm not with Logan or with you,"

"But he's scared you before and you still have a fear of him,"he said "I'm not saying he's a bad guy because he isn't, he does care about you believe me I know that but I've never seen you in the state you were last night,"he says, "Because to be truthful you scared me with what you said,"

"I'm sorry," I said and looked at my lap "What did I say to you last night because in my mind we're going out?" I ask . He laughs.

"You asked me out after we did a few things but I told you I didn't want a girlfriend and you didn't want a boyfriend and you nodded in response," he explained "it was because we were talking about past relationships,"

"Oh," I say.

"Well I need to go. I have to get my car from the beach and I also need to get shouted at by my parents because they love shouting at me for some reason," he said with a small smirk and leaned in and kissed me on the forehead. "I'll phone you and make sure you're ok, ok?" he asks. I nodded and watched him stand and walk out of my room shutting the door behind him. A sigh escaped me and I stood up at my window waiting to see him walk out of the house and down the drive and after a few minutes I saw him do exactly that. 

"Maybe he's right," I heard Logan say. I looked at him, "I'm just saying,"he said and stood in front of me. "So you thought him and you were..." he trailed off.

"No," he raised his eyebrows at me "Ok I did but I was going to tell him that we shouldn't," I explained and he smiled a little "and I don't want to do what he said because that would mean leaving you and not having you sleep next to me and," I felt myself start to blush as he moved closer to me.

"And?" he asks.

"And well I sort of not really but do need you," I stuttered quietly. His smile widened and he moved his arms around me and pulled me closer to me.

"Sort of not really but do?" he asks confused.

"Ok I do need you because I know that if you weren't here I'd be a complete mess," I admitted and buried my face in his chest hoping to hide my now very red face. He laughed and I felt his chest heave up and down as he hugged me tightly. 

"You're too cute,"he said, which made my blush deepen if it could. He rubbed my back and then pulled away and looked down at me "We're going to do something today,"he states. I raised an eyebrow once I looked at him. "We're going to get to know each other a little more," and straight away a thought came into my head "not like that," he laughed. I smiled "because we've argued more than we have talked, we will spend the day and night together and we will not argue at all,"he states.

"We've spent most of the day in bed," I state.

"See we're already off to a good start,"he said with a smirk. "Now come on I'm starved and I could actually eat a herd of horses, never mind one horse," he said, pulling away from me and taking my hand as he dragged me out of my room.

"What about my bath?" I ask .

"Turn it off and then get back here," he said and I did what he said and walked back into my room. He smiled and took my hand in his as he dragged me out of my room down the stairs.


###chapter 48

**Megan**

I and Logan had spent all day together, he made me lunch and dinner, we played on the Wii together and he even talked me into going into the pool which was just embarrassing. He knew how much I hated showing my back but he would not take no for an answer. Him and his stupid good looks and persuasive voice and eyes are the perfect weapons to charm a girl into a bikini. He had just put on a movie, it was half nine and we were about to watch Paranormal Activity and let me just say I am bricking it. 

"You won't be scared I promise,"he said, sitting down next to me and wrapping his arms around my waist.

"Yeah that's why you're the one holding onto me," I say.

"Exactly you're going to be my bodyguard, if a ghost comes I'm going to throw you at it and then run like the wind,"he said and kissed my neck. I turned to look at him and he smirked, leaning in to kiss me on the lips. 

"I wouldn't really beat them up before I let them get you,"he said and kissed me on the lips. A smile formed on my lips and I moved closer to him so I was now on my knees and he had to look up at me to keep kissing me. He pulled back and moved his hands down to my bum and rubbed his thumb over my hip bone. 

"As much as I like kissing you I think we should stop and watch the movie,"he states.

"One more," I said smiling "Please," 

"For you? Anything," he said and I leaned in to kiss him. His tongue licked my lip and my lips parted automatically and I pulled on his t-shirt, he smiled into the kiss and pulled me by my hips and moved his hands up into my hair running them through my hair and then pulled back. "I'm a really bad teacher,"he said with a small smile.

"You've only just noticed?" I ask  with a joking smirk on my face. I smiled and sat in his lap "Ok play the movie." I said it was getting comfy. He chuckled and picked up the remote and played the movie "By the way where is Carl?" I ask .

"He's at Scott's, he's had classes all day so I think he's gone there to chill a bit, he'll probably be home later on so let's hurry up and start the movie otherwise if he gets in when it's just begun he will want to watch it with us,"he said and as I went to said something he put a finger to my lips. "Shhh and watch,"he says. I smiled and turned to watch the movie.

---

I turned and faced his chest "I am not watching what happens next after I saw that," I say. He laughs and runs a hand through my hair. "I'm serious, that is messed up," I said and turned back to the TV. "I will definitely not sleep tonight," I said and felt his hands go around my waist and cross his legs with mine so his whole body was like an imitation of mine but wrapped around me. His head rested on my shoulder and he started to kiss my neck.

A scream escaped my throat and I jumped practically over Logan's shoulder "holy Scheiße," I said as I watched the girl get dragged across the floor. "Oh my god," I screamed and I turned burying my head in Logan's chest "has it gone,"

"It was never there,"he said with a chuckle "and did you just speak German?" 

"Shut up don't laugh I've just crapped myself and yes," He laughed at me harder and turned me to face it. I took a deep breath and he got back in the position he was in and started to kiss my neck again. My eyes closed as his sweet kisses moved up my neck to my ear. He moved my hair to one side "I thought you wanted me to watch this film?" I ask  "you're really distracting me," I softly say as he moves me to look at him. He smiles at me, his eyes lightening up and he leans in to kiss me on the lips. I smiled into the kiss, it was slow, no tongue just sweet and innocent. 

After a few sweet kisses he pulled back "I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself," he said quietly and kissed my cheek and then lay his head on my shoulder "I'll let you watch,"he said with a smile and I turned to watch the film.

My heart nearly stopped at the end of the film. How could that even happen, Logan got up. I looked up at him "Where the hell are you going?" I ask .

"To make myself a drink,"he says.

"You are not leaving me after you have made me watch this film," I said and got up and followed him into the kitchen. He laughed as I looked around the room cautiously. "Don't laugh at me, if that was really real then that means ghosts are real which means we could be getting watched right now by a ghost," I explained.

"It wasn't a ghost it was a demon and well I can't help but laugh,"he said looking at me.

"Yeah and did you hear the man? Demon's are scarier, they feed on negative energy, so basically they're having three full course meals if there is one in this house," I explain "because let's face it negative energy is dominant in this house," I said and hook my arm with his while he makes himself a sandwich.

"I do see your logic but I highly doubt there's a ghost or demon watching us right now, they would have made their self known like in the movie," he paused "and can I just said it was a movie,"

"Yeah based on a true story,"

"Based Megan, doesn't mean all of it is real, only bits of it were probably real,"

"You're really not making me feel better," I said and turned away from him while folding my arms. He laughed "you're not; you're supposed to be my boyfriend. Which means you are supposed to make me feel better in these situations," I said still with my back to him.

"I did try and stop you from watching the end,"he says.

"That was not trying to stop me from watching the end that was trying to turn me on," I snapped. 

"After this we're off to bed,"he says. I smiled and turned to look at him "to sleep,"he says.

"Sure," I said, winking at him.

"Why are you winking there's no one here?" he asks, confused.

"I don't know it seemed like the right moment to," I said, shrugging.

"Why do you remind me of Carl?" he asks.

"Well that may be because before I used to be a little like Carl with the sexual jokes, you would have never of guessed I was a virgin," I explain to a very surprised Logan "I was also a little bit of a bitch like I always made sure I got what I want, I wasn't like Courtney I wasn't a bitch to people but I made sure I got what I want in a way that wouldn't hurt people," I explained.

"Wow like what?" he asked as he walked into the living room. I followed not wanting to be in any room on my own for longer than a second. I could hear him chuckle under his breath as he sat down on the couch and looked up at me. I smile and sit down in his arms. "Carry on,"he says. I sigh and was about to talk when the door opened and Carl walked in swearing under his breath.

"Someone's pissed off," I said quietly and Carl stormed into the kitchen then walked back in.

"You'll never guess who James is seeing," he snapped at Logan. Logan looked at him "My ex, I wouldn't care if it wasn't Sarah but it is Sarah," he snapped and walked back into the kitchen.

"Who is Sarah?" I ask him.

"The one girl he's actually had feelings for,"he says. I oh'd and looked at the kitchen door to see him walk back into the living room.

"Just see it like this: James can only pull your sloppy seconds," I state. He laughs and sits down on the other couch. "I'm serious and also you have to think, is he a friend doing that when he knew that she was your ex and it seems to me he didn't even ask you. Now if he was a girl and he did that to me he would not last a day. Because basically that's like Melanie or Julie going out with Tyler and not asking me if I was ok with it first, I mean we may not be going out but that doesn't mean there isn't always going to be feelings there. So if one of them did go out with him like that then that would anger me and the treatment they would get would be harsh, especially if it's Julie because Melanie is like the spawn of Satan so she'd be on my side no matter what because we've been friends since I was so young," I explained. "Do you get what I mean?"

"Sort of, you're saying if this was all reversed a girl would get punished if they went out with another girl's ex," 

"If they were like close friends yeah, it's like breaching the girl code,"

"That exists?" he asks.

"It's imprinted into a girls head, A girl never goes with a best friend or a friend's ex and never goes against their best friend if their friend is having an argument, there are loads of rules to go by," I explain to a very dumbfounded Carl.

"Whoa, I just have to leave it though,"

"No," I say. He looks at me "give him the cold shoulder, he deserves that, freeze him out, like organise something and don't invite him to it and sooner or later he'll click at what he's done wrong trust me," I said and nod at him showing I'm right.

"Urm ok,"he said slowly and looked at Logan "What have you done to her?" he asked.

"She's been in this mood all day," Logan says.

"I'm just in a good mood," I said "apart from the fact I'm really scared to be on my own in a room, but other than that I'm in a pretty good mood, is that weird?" I ask.

"What? No," Carl said quickly "that's really good,"he says.

"Hmm I'm just hoping my mood stays good when in bed too," I said looking at Logan. 

"So do I because I want to sleep tonight," he said with a small smirk.

"Fine I'll just sleep in Carl's bed,"

"You will do no such thing," he said and Carl smirks at us both before standing up. 

"You're both welcome in my bed anytime," he says.

"Ooo together?" I ask, raising my eyebrow.

"Ok, you've really done something to her because she only ever talks like that when drunk," he said looking at Logan "Unless..." he said now looking at me in the eyes "No she's not drunk well that's bewildered me," 
he said and starts to walk out of the living room. I look at Logan to see him staring into space.

A frown creases my face "What are you thinking about?" I ask. He turns to look at me "You looked in serious thought," I say.

"Nothing important," he says.

"Ok well, come on then let's go to bed, seeing as someone has work in the morning," I said standing up and stretching. His hands moved around my body and he pulled me down to him. I raise an eyebrow and smile at him "I thought you wanted to sleep?"

"I do, but I'm allowed to give you a hug," he said and stood up hugging me tightly.

"Will you bring Melanie round tomorrow?" I ask as I hug him back.

"Yeah sure, I'll see if she wants to,"

"Cool, I really want to talk to my best friend," I said smiling "I miss her to be truthful," 

###chapter 49

**Megan**

The sound of my phone vibrating on my bedside table woke me. I yawned and reached over to it feeling Logan's arms tightly locked around my waist. I answered it without looking at the name. 

"Hello," I said sleepily in a croaked voice.

"You were sleeping," the person stated. I yawned and mumbled under my breath. "It doesn't matter," they say.

"Who is this?" I ask  and turn the clock on my table round to see it said 3:36am. A sigh escaped me and I turned a little.

"It's me Brendan, I thought you wouldn't be sleeping but it's ok," he says.

"What's wrong?" 

"Nothing, go back to sleep, I'll explain more later on," he said and the line went dead.

"Charming," I said and dropped my phone on my bedside table.

"Who was it?" I hear Logan ask and move closer to me, his bare warm chest touching my back.

"Brendan," I yawn and close my eyes.

"What did he want?"

"I don't know he wouldn't say, he said he'll tell me in the morning or something," I said and turned to look at him burying my head in his chest.

"Ok," he said sleepily and we both drifted off back to sleep.

-

"Megan," I heard Logan say to me "I'm going ok, I'll be home at about half three ok," I heard him say. I opened my eyes to come face to face with his sky blue ones. He smiled and kissed my cheek "go back to sleep I just wanted to tell you, Carl's going to be home all day so make sure you keep covered," he said with a small chuckle. I smile and stretch, gaining a small smile from him.

"Can I have a kiss before you go?" I ask and he leans in, laying a hand on my cheek and I smile pulling him in closer by his shirt. He then pulls back and kisses my forehead. 

"By babe," he said and walked out of my bedroom. I sigh and close my eyes trying to drift off back to sleep but it wasn't working. Not feeling his arms around me made me feel unsafe. I sat up and looked around and then sniffed. It smelt like soap. I looked at my bathroom door and from the mirror I could see it was steamed up. 

"Charming has a shower in my bathroom and doesn't let me see him half naked," I said and lay back. I sigh and look at my phone and reach for it. Remembering the phone call last night, Brendan seemed a bit upset. I sighed and dialled his number and waited for an answer.

"Hello,"he said sleepily.

"Hey it's Megan are you ok?" I ask .

"Yeah, yeah I got kicked out last night, my parents are insane," he says.

"Why? What happened?" I ask .

"Oh it's ok, I'll sort it. What are you doing today?" he asks.

"I don't know yet, you?" I ask .

"I don't know either, do you want me to come round?"

"You can if you want, but later I need to get ready and sort some things out," I explained. I didn't need to sort anything out, I just wanted some time to myself. 

"Ok, I'll phone you before I come down," he said "Cya later," he said and the phone went dead. I sigh knowing Logan won't be very happy; he seemed to get jealous pretty easily which was a little annoying.

---

Carl looked at me, narrowing his eyes, I did the same and gripped the guitar in my hand. He did the same. "This is war," he says.

"Right back at you," I said and looked at the screen and we started to play.

"Oh my god you're a girl you're not supposed to be a pro at games," and he started to strop. The reason for this strop was I had beaten him at guitar hero about five times in a row and we had only played six games. 
We had also played COD which he had a great time playing as he was beating me at it. He then returned and folded his arms sulking like a little child.

"Do you want me to let you win?" I ask.

"No because then it won't feel like a win," 

"Do you want to play COD?" I ask .

"You know if you weren't going out with my best friend I'd be going out with you," he states. "You'd be like the best girlfriend to a guy who is obsessed with COD,"he states.

"Hmm maybe," I said and turned the PS5 off and walked towards the Xbox. 

**Logan**

Walking into the house I could hear Carl playing in the games room. I looked at Melanie and Tyler. Tyler had asked me if he could come and see her and I couldn't say no when I was taking Melanie with me to see her. 

"The son of a bitch just fucking killed me," I heard Megan say. I frowned and walked towards the games room with Melanie and Tyler behind me. I opened the door to see her sitting in one of the game chairs. I smirked watching her sat playing COD. "That was your fault," she snapped at Carl and nudged him in his side. I looked at the screen and then Carl threw a grenade in her sight and then she was shot. "Carl," she growled, standing up and yanking the remote out of his hands.

"I'm sorry I couldn't resist,"

"Fuck you," she said folding her arms and turning her back to him so she was now facing us. A smile went across her face as she got up from her seat. She walked towards Melanie and hugged her straight away. 

"Ooo love you too," Melanie said and Megan pulled back from her and then looked at Tyler and hugged him and then pulled back.

"Carl you can play by yourself," she snapped "Cheater," she said under her breath and grabbed Melanie and dragged her up the stairs with Tyler not far behind them.

I looked at Carl and he smiled cheekily at me. I sigh and walk over to him sitting in the chair Megan was in. "I'm going to kick your arse," I state and held the joy pad in my hands

**Megan**

I flopped back on my bed and they both looked at me, I smiled at them and sat up. They smile back and tackle me down telling me how much they've missed me. I sigh and pat both their heads. Then after a few minutes we all just lay on my bed facing the bedroom ceiling. Not talking, just enjoying each other's company and silence. 

"It's Valentine's day next week," Tyler said randomly.

"What?" I said sitting up. "Is it?" I ask. He nods and I sigh while flopping back down "that sucks, that means I'll get pity roses off the teachers," I said to myself. They laugh at me and Tyler looks at me with a small smile on his face.

"I'll send you a rose," Tyler stated. 

"Urgh don't you always send her one," Melanie says to him looking at him and rolling her eyes.

"Yes but this will be the first time we won't be together," he states and for a brief moment sadness covered his eyes, I gave him a small smile and he soon smiled back.

"I'll send you a rose," I said, turning to look at Melanie.

"This Valentine's day is going to suck," I said quietly. They laugh at me and I start to laugh too.

"It might not," Melanie said after we stopped laughing. Me and Tyler both look at her "This is the first year in four years we've all been single for Valentine's Day because before you two decided to go out. Tyler had girlfriends and well you had one boyfriend before Tyler. So really this is the first time we've been together on Valentine's Day single," she explains. 

"Hmm true," I said and then I heard Logan shout for me, "I'll be back in a few minutes, I think it's time for my pills, he has that tone," I said and sat up and walked out of my room shutting the door behind me. 

Walking into the kitchen I saw Logan standing, opening up my medication and putting it at the side of a glass full of water. I sigh and walk towards him and stand next to him watching him pop another pill out of its plastic bubble. I fold my arms as a question comes to mind as I watch him.

"How many women have you slept with?" I ask. He stops and looks at me "I'm just wondering," I state and he sighs while putting the tablets back in their box. 

"I don't know," he states. I raise an eyebrow and reach for the glass of water, "Why are you wondering is that what you are talking about upstairs?"

"Nope I was just thinking while looking at you because you look like a man that could have any girl so..." I trail off and take a gulp of my water. "I'm guessing it's a lot," I state and reach for the big diamond shaped tablet and place it on the centre of my tongue and take a gulp of my water to flush it down my throat.

"Do you care?" he asks, I shake my head, he sighs "I don't really keep count but it is a lot, I was a bit of a playboy I guess," he states and looks down a little. I frowned at him. Why did it seem to make him sad?

"It doesn't matter you know," I said and take his hand in mine. "It isn't like you're one now. You're not are you?" I ask quickly. He laughs and shakes his head at me and pulls me into a hug "good cos I don't share," I say, 
he laughs more and hold's me tighter.

"Neither do I," he states and pulls away "now take your pills," he says. I sigh and turn around while he moves both his arms around my waist. "So you've been in this good mood for a full day now," he states. I smile 

"Any reason?" he asks. I shake my head "You're just happy?" I nod and turn to look at him and give him a peck on the lips.

"I guess these anti-depressants are just working," I said, causing him to sigh and nuzzle into my neck. "Plus I have you and I haven't had a nightmare for a few days which is a relief," I state as I look away from him. He smiles and moves my head to look at him and kisses me on the lips. I smiled a little into the kiss and moved a hand through his hair, I then pulled back. "Have you eaten apples today?" I ask. He nods "Hmm," I said and turned back to pick up my pills and take the rest. "Do you want me to take the sleeping pills?" I ask quietly.

"Not yet," he said as he kissed my neck.

"I'm guessing I'm due one of those shakes,"

"Yes...you...are,"

"You're clingy," I said and he stopped kissing me and looked at me "I didn't mean it as a bad thing I'm just not used to all this attention that you give me," I state.

"I'm not always, I just haven't seen you since this morning and well I like kissing you,"

"Are you sexually frustrated?" I ask.

"What? No!" he said quickly.

"You seem like it," I said and then turned and wrapped my arms around his neck "When was the last time you had sex?"

"I'm not sexually frustrated, now can we change the subject?" he said "that phone call last night did you find out why he decided to wake you up at that time?"

"No, he said he's going to come and see me later but I'm not sure he's coming now. He would normally be here by now," I paused. "He likes to get here before you, normally because he doesn't like the look you give him," I explained. He smirks and kisses my shoulder.

Well whatever I'm not really bothered to be honest, take that shake upstairs with you. I need to go out for a bit, me and Carl so be a good girl while I'm gone," he said, taking his hands from around me and walking out of the kitchen. I walked to the fridge and opened it to take out a chocolate flavoured milkshake and walked out of the kitchen to the hallway to see Logan and Carl putting on their jackets. I give them both a small smile and walk up to my room. 


###chapter 50
**Logan**

Carl looked at me as I drove to where I knew he would be. He had that concerned look on his face as if he thought I'd go too far but I wouldn't. I'm not one to keep empty threats and I was going to show Brendan just that. 

"Carl I won't kill the boy," I said as I pulled up at the house I knew he'd be at. 

"I know but you like beating people up so you may take it too far and...kill him without meaning to,"

"And your point being?" I ask.

"Well I know it won't be a big loss to the world but Megan..."

"Megan doesn't need him," I said and got out of the car. He sighs and gets out too. I walk to the front door and knock on it. The door opened and stood there was Aiden, he frowned and then gave me a small smile. "Is 
Brendan here?" I ask. He nods and I walk into the house to the living room to see Brendan sat with a beer in his hand. "Morning," I said with a smile.

His eyes widened and he stood, "I never touched her I swear," he said, backing away from me. "I did nothing but tell her she needs you I swear," he said as I walked towards him and Carl stood behind.

"Dude, I told you he'd find you here," Aiden said walking in and walking to his pack of cigarettes on the table "I'm not helping you either before you ask I'm not getting the shit kicked out of me," he says. "Oh and by the way do it outside this is a new couch I don't want blood on it," he says.

"Come on," I said walking towards Brendan and he ran into the kitchen and as he went to open the back door I grabbed him by his t-shirt and opened the door for him and threw him out. "I don't feel like running," I said "Now which do you like best, your arms or legs?" I ask.

"I didn't touch her," he said standing up. I sigh and punch him in the gut causing him to collapse to the ground "Ok," he said "but it was all her," he adds. I sigh again, grab him by his hair and knee him in the face. 

"You really shouldn't lie to me," I state and look at Carl to see him standing watching with Aiden "should he?" I ask them. They shake their heads and I kneel down to Brendan "Now tell the truth so I can get this over with," I order.

"It was her and I swear I never had sex with her,"

"I didn't say you did," I said and stood and reached for his arm. "I'm guessing this arm," I said, holding it up and twisting. He turned his body but I stopped him by placing my foot on his shoulder. "Now I can guess you have roughly a minute before I snap this arm of yours," I state and twist more. He groans in pain and I can hear Aiden wincing at the thought. 

"Ok, ok I could have said no and I didn't I'm sorry," Brendan said loudly in pain.

"I'm sorry but it's too late I had warned you what would happen if you did not listen and well I'm not known for empty threats," I state "And if I let you go without carrying my threat through my reputation could change," I explain to him and twist his arm harder and then kick his arm. He screamed in pain and I dropped his arm to the floor and as it hit he groaned again. 

"Ouch I heard that snap," Carl said quietly and I knelt down to Brendan.

"I'll take you to the hospital if you like," I said "Do you want me to?" I ask. He nods and I smirk a little bit "don't worry it's fixable," I say. I hear Adrian laugh and I look at him and smile then look back down at Brendan 

"Now do you understand to listen to me?" I ask. He nodded and I smiled "good," I said, hitting his hand and then helping him up. 

---At the Hospital---

"Oh my god what happened," Susan said as she walked into the room.

"I was walking Max at the park and well it seemed he had tried to do some ridiculous stunt and broke his arm," I said and give her a sympathetic look "you know what boys are like,"

"He's not 10 Logan," she snapped and looked at his arm that was now in a black pot. 

"Well I'll be going," I said and walked towards the door "I'll see you around Brendan," I said and walked out of the room and out of the hospital to my car to see Carl standing there. 

"You could have let me have a turn you know," he states angrily and gets back into the car. I sigh and get in the car too.

"I'm sorry next time he fucks up he's all yours," I said and start the car.

-

My body shot up when I felt someone shake me. I look to see Melanie staring at me. She had stayed over all weekend with Julie, Yasmin stayed the other night but her parents were strict on school nights. I look at a very worried Melanie and I look around my bedroom and then at the clock on the bedside table. 3:37am it read. I sigh and frown looking at the very worried Melanie.

"What's wrong?" I ask "have you seen a spider or something?" I ask laying back down.

"No it's Megan, she's having a nightmare and well you said not to wake her if she does have one but she's crying and sweating and screaming and..." she trailed off to take a breath.

"Ok," I said and climbed out of bed.

**Megan**

My eyes water but I know if I cry he'll hurt me more. With the look on his face I know exactly what he is going to do. He backed me up against the wall running his hands down my body. I gulp and scream at myself to scream, spit, kick, bite, punch, slap, do anything just to stop him from hurting me again. My body doesn't move though, it just stays stock still. It's funny how I never thought this day would come after he had felt me up several times over the past year. I have never felt so stupid in my life.

"Megs," he said and I opened my eyes and looked around to see we were no longer in the hallway but in my room and I was laid on my bed. I frown and then my eyes meet his as he pins me to my bed. I watch him lean in to kiss me. I move my head so he gets my cheek but either way I don't want him touching any part of my body.

"Please don't," I cry "please dad," I say. He pulls back and looks at me; I gulp and look him in the eyes 

"You're not crying are you Megs?" he asks. He smiles "I'll make those tears go away," he said and leans in. I push him but he doesn't allow me to leave his grip. "You'll like this," he said in my ear.

"No, I won't, please, don't," I beg. He doesn't listen, he just pulls back and stares at me. I look him in the eyes and for the first time in a while I see something, something I haven't seen from him before. He almost looks like he cares. 

"I love you," he said and I almost believe him with that look he's giving me "I just want to show you," 

"This isn't how," I said quietly, trying my best to keep calm. 

"It is," he hisses as he gets angry at me and he starts to pull at my top. I fight him knowing it's no use after the other night my body was already in pain. The smartest thing for me to do was probably just let him, but I 
can't. I have to resist because I know that if I let him I'll never forgive myself. 

Logan

Walking into her room I sit on her bed watching her turn restlessly, sweat beading on her forehead and tears flowing slowly out of her closed eyelids. I sigh and move my hand through my hair. Waking her up didn't 
seem appealing right now, not when I know what she's going to be like as soon as I do. I move her hair off her face and just as I do that her body shoots up. She smacks my hand away from her and gets out of her bed. 

"Megan," I said quietly but she didn't answer. She walks straight into her bathroom and slams the door shut, I sigh and get comfy on her bed.

"Aren't you going to do something?" Melanie asks me.

"There's nothing I can really do except stay here until she comes out of there,"

"But what if she hurts herself?" 

"Melanie just go to bed please," I said, moving my hand over my eyes.

"I would but your laying in the bed I was sleeping in,"

"Go sleep in my bed, you too Julie," I said and I heard a little giggle come from behind the door. "Please make sure she doesn't start sniffing my clothes," I state.

"I will do," Melanie said and walks out of Megan's bedroom shutting the door behind her and I hear the shower turn on. I sigh and turn on my stomach and close my eyes.

After about half an hour the shower turns off and I slowly open my eyes as she walks out in a towel. I sit up and look at her while yawning. "Come here," I said and she slowly made her way to me. She sits on my lap and moves her arms around my neck. I touch her legs and she flinches away from my touch.

"Don't," she said "just don't please," and I look at her to see her crying.

"Megan, tell me about the nightmare," I say. She shakes her head and stands up "Please, so I can help,"

"No," she said walking into her wardrobe, shutting the door she returns in a baggy jumper and jogging bottoms. She walks over to me and climbs into her bed and rests her head on her pillow.

"Megan,"

"Why can't you just leave it? Why do you insist on making me talk about it? I don't want to talk about it, I want to forget it," she snaps.

"Ok," I said and climbed in next to her facing her and taking her hands in mine.

"Just keep me safe," she said, moving closer to me and burying her head in my chest. I kiss the top of her head and move my arms around her shoulders holding her tightly to me. 
###chapter 51

**Logan**

Megan walks down the stairs in a pair of skinny jeans, a grey vest top with a green flannel shirt. I smile a little as I watch her text on her phone as she walks down. She hadn't eaten anything this morning and she barely spoke to anyone. I am worried for her first day back since everything; I was even more worried now seeing as she had a nightmare last night which put her in this mood today.

"All set?" I ask. 

She stops texting and looks at me as she stands in front of me. A small smile forms on her lips and she leans up to kiss me "Yeah," 

"What was that for?" I ask.

"No reason," she said and closed her phone and put it in her back pocket. Her hands move around me "we could stay home today and go to school tomorrow," she states and leans up to kiss me. 

"We could but we aren't," I said and moved my hands to her neck. I lean in and kiss her on the lips.

"I just," she starts before kissing me back "really don't want to go back today; can't I go back tomorrow when I feel more up to it? Because the nightmare last night has just really..." She trails off and looks away from me. 

"Everything will be ok," I said and leaned in to kiss her again. 

"Urgh get a room," we hear Julie say. I pull back from Megan, hug her tightly and look at Julie.

"Do I sense jealousy in that voice of yours Julie?" 

"Do I sense a relationship that shouldn't be a relationship?" she asks and I slowly move my arms from around Megan.

"I'll wait in the car," I said and walked out of the house, shutting the front door behind me. 

"I didn't mean to," she said loudly. I smile a little and walk towards my new car. Her grandfather had bought me a BMW when I got out of the hospital. I have no idea why. He said something about repaying me for helping Megan out. I really did not understand his logic in that. 

Climbing into the car I shut the door behind me and leaned back. I sigh knowing that what Julie said was right we shouldn't be in a relationship and we were bound to get caught, that was a risk I was willing to take. I love her and she may not know it yet but I wasn't going to stop seeing her just because someone tells me to. 

I watched her walk out of the house with her new school bag on her arm. She ran round the car and got in the passenger seat and then she looks at me with a smile on her face. 

"Did something good happen?" I ask.

"No, I just finally get to spend five minutes with my boyfriend without getting interrupted," she said and I smiled a little, taking her hand in mine. "I would much rather not go to school," 

"Yeah," I said and looked her in the eyes, her emerald green eyes showing me that she wasn't as happy as she was portraying to everyone. She hadn't gone back to sleep last night like she said she would. I could feel her tossing and turning all the time. At one point she got up and went down stairs and when I was about to get up to go see what she was doing but she returned just as I got up. 

Today wasn't going to go smoothly, just by looking at her I could tell she was going to find today hard. I lean towards her and give her a quick kiss. "Don't worry about today, ok," I state, she sighs at me and looks away rolling her. "Don't say you're not worried when you are, just because you've put on a face in front of them doesn't mean I'm not going to notice," I said and she turned to look at me.

"Logan, can we not?" she asks. I sigh and move my arms around her waist and pull her towards me. "I'm fine, honest. Yes I had quite the nightmare last night but I'm fine," she said trying to reassure me. I pull her onto my lap and kiss her on the lips, she moves so she's straddling me and pulls back. "I'm ok, honest," she says. 

"Ok I'll shut up," I said and leaned in to kiss her again. After a few minutes I moved her off me onto the passenger seat. She huffs and folds her arms at me. I smirk and lean forward and peck her lips "we have school," I said and she puts on her seatbelt. I turn and watch Julie and Melanie walk towards the car. They climb in the back and put their seatbelts on.

"Are you two done necking?" Julie asks. 

"No," Megan said "while he's driving we're going to do it," she said with a small smile.

"Ok," I said slowly "Let's just go shall we," I stated and start to drive them to school. 

-

Parking at the school I watch Melanie and Julie climb out, I then turn to Megan to see her staring at the school. I move my hand into hers and she turns to look at me and smiles a little and takes her hand out of mine. She takes a deep breath and opens the door.

"We have a meeting first," I state. She nods and I climb out of the car and walk behind her, locking the car. I raise an eyebrow as I watch her walk up the steps to the school. The jeans she is wearing fit her much better now actually. 

"Logan," she said and moving my gaze from her bottom to her head I smiled a little "thank you," she said.

"Hmm I don't see eyes at the back of your head," I said under my breath and looked around to see there were hardly any students in the hallway in fact there were none. She stops and I walk to the side of her. I look down and she looks up at me. 

"Pervert," she said under her breath "and we are way too early," 

"Would you rather we're late so the halls are filled with students?" I ask.

"No," she said, shaking her head and folds her arms. "What's this meeting about?"

"You," I said and walked with her to the main office.

**Megan**

Sitting in a seat next to Logan I watch as all the other teachers walk in the head teacher sitting at the head of the table which meant I was next to her. I look down at my lap as they start their meeting. I really did not want to be here but it seems it has to be done. The teachers seemed like they were feeling as awkward as I felt. 

I heard the head say my name. I look at the brown haired woman with her new high and low lights and gulp down my nerves, her green eyes scanning me. I give her a small wave and a barely there smile.

"Hey," I said quietly and look back down at my lap

"How are you?" she asks as if she had asked me for the second time.

"Never better," I said quietly.

"I know this may be awkward for you but," she moves her hand onto my hands and I move my hand away and I notice the look on her face.

"Sorry," I say

"No don't be," she says. I sigh and look at Logan to see him shrug at me and yawn while moving his hand over his mouth. "Ok," she sighs, "where to start? I had a conversation with your grandfather and your psychologist," I sigh and look at her". She didn't tell me anything, don't worry, she's not allowed to. She made that very clear, but because of how many sessions you have a week we have set up a time and day for when you can have one of your sessions here," she explains.

"Joy," I said quietly and I notice Logan look at her.

"I don't think that's a good idea," he states causing her to frown at what he said "in fact I know it's not a good idea," he states "after her sessions she's not exactly a barrel of laughs,"

"Thanks," I said quietly. He looks at me and I sigh knowing he's right.

"Oh ok," she said and looks at me "would you rather have it how it is?" she asks. I shrug my shoulders "It's up to you Megan not us," she says.

"Erm," I look at Logan to see him picking his nails "Erm yeah," I said and look at her.

"Ok then, we want you to know that we're all here for you, ok?" she asks.

"Ok," I said and look down at my lap for some reason being outside in the hallways seemed so much more appealing right now. 

After half an hour of going through my school schedule and what was going to be put in place for me to have a 'healthy school experience' yes that is the term they used. They also spoke about if I got any trouble from any students or if I ever felt uncomfortable in class. It was ok for me to excuse myself as long as I explained why I felt uncomfortable to the teacher. 


###chapter 52

**Megan**

I walk out of the office and stand in the hallway as I wait for Logan. I look around, this hallway wasn't always as full as the others, the main reason being the fact the headmistress's office is here and so is the staffroom and the meeting room. Logan walks out of the office and looks at me. I give him a small smile and look down, taking a deep breath.

"I need to go to my locker," I say. He nodded and I looked down the hall "but it's in a busy part of school," I said and moved my hands in my pockets.

"Ok," he said, "I guess I'll walk with you but just for today," he said pointing his finger at me "Ok?" he asked. I nod and he presses his finger onto my nose. My nose scrunches and he smirks as he walks off. I frown and pout as I walk behind him. And then slowly realise that the hall is getting busier and busier as people notice me they start to stop talking and just stare. 

"Logan," I said quietly as I walked beside him. He looks at me blankly for a moment. I swear he had another world in there somewhere. "People are looking at me," I say.

"Hmm are you sure it's not me and my amazing hotness, I have that effect on people," he said, running his hand through his hair. I shake my head a little and smile. "That's better," he said and then stopped at my locker.  I look around and see nearly everyone in the hallway looking at me but trying their best to make it not obvious. 

I unlock my locker and take out my books. I look at Logan and he sighs and holds out his hands and then looks around. "Shouldn't you all be at class?" he asks "I'm sure the first bell has gone," and then the bell goes "and there's the second bell it seems you all want to have a week of detentions with me, I'm flattered I really am," he said and while he's saying this people are dispersing saying bye to their friends and then walking to class.

A small smile forms on my face and I then take my books back from him and hold them myself "You can go now," I state.

"Yes I will believe it or not I'm teaching," he states "I am however walking you to your class remember," he states. I sigh and walk with him to my math lesson. He opens the door for me and I take a deep breath and look in to see everyone sitting quietly ready to work. I gulp down the lump in my throat and I feel Logan's hand on the small of my back. "Sorry she's late," he said and pushed me into the room. And I thought he was being comforting with his hand on my back obviously not. I look at him and he waves and shuts the door, he was evil deep inside, he would pass as one of those evil villains. 

Everyone in the room stares at me and I take a deep breath and give them a small wave. This was torture why did I even have to come to school, tutoring would be so much easier and it isn't like my grandfather can't afford it. 

"Take a seat Megan," My math teacher says. I look at him and nod a little and walk to the back to where my seat was situated. "Ok," he said and picked up a piece of paper and walked towards me with it and placed it on my desk. "Have you done the work that was set for you?" he asks. 

I frown and look through my bag and then sigh and shake my head. He sighs a little "I didn't know I had some work," I say. With Mr Broster he gets angry if you don't do as he asks. I have always done his work but it's like he gets irritated if things aren't done. He is a bit OCD but I guess he just likes things done.

"You're really behind," he says. 

"I figured," I said and looked down and moved my hair from my eyes. Was he serious? I've been off school for just over 2 months. I'm going to be behind. "I guess I was told but I've been really busy," I said and his face got angrier "I mean with my check ups and Psych sessions and urm..." I trail off and look down. I never even knew I had work to do. Logan hadn't given me anything and nothing was sent to my house. How was I supposed to know that I had work?

"Jeez lighten up will you? I'm sure she'll do the work when she can," Tyler says. I look at him and then Mr Broster. He looks around to see all the class looking at him and then walks away, I sigh in relief and look at Tyler and give him a small smile. 

----

I walk out of class and walk towards the English department and as I make it to Logan's room I feel someone walk by my side. I look to see Tyler there. He smiles and his dark green eyes scan my face as he does. 

"Where are you going?" he asks "don't you have gym?" he asks.

"Yeah," I said quietly "but I need to talk to Mr Peters," I state.

"About earlier?" he asks.

"Urm,"

"What happened earlier?" I hear Logan's voice ask.

"Well..." Tyler starts

"Nothing," I said, interrupting Tyler. "I'm gonna go to gym," I said and walked past them both and quickly made my way to the gyms changing rooms. I did not want to do gym at all, I stopped turning up to it once the beatings got bad and the bruises became more visible but now I knew that the girls will definitely be looking for them. 

My back wasn't fully healed, it was still scabbed and peeling and I just would not be able to cope with them looking at that. Closing my eyes once I was in the changing room I hoped for no one to notice me, but the fact it had gone dead silent told me they had noticed me. I opened my eyes and walked to an empty bench and sat down. Melanie sits next to me and looks straight at me. I give her a small smile and sigh.

"How long do you think this will last?" I ask.

"Probably about two weeks," she states.

"I can't get changed for P.E," I said looking at her.

"You can, don't think about it. You have nothing to be ashamed of and so what if they look or stare none of it is your fault," she states "now get changed Megan Anne Wright," she orders. I smile weakly at her and look away. "Ok," she sighs "how about we wait for everyone to get changed and leave, then we'll get changed?" she says. I nod and move my head in my hands.

"Megan," I hear someone say. I look to see a red haired girl popping her head round from the lockers. She was small, very petite and she had the most intense green eyes I had ever seen. "We don't care you know," she states, "come round here and get change because we all know what you've gone through and for us to judge you over it would be very evil of us," she states. 

"It's not that," I said "it's personal more than anything," I said quietly "I just don't feel comfortable or confident enough to change around you all," and all of them started to move into where me and Melanie were sitting. "But thank you anyway," I said and looked down. I lift my sleeve and scratch at my wrist and I notice Melanie staring at it. I quickly cover it and look at her. She sighs and takes my hair in her hands and starts to plait it.
###chapter 53

**Megan**

After about ten minutes all the girls are out and it's just me and her. I stand and take my P.E kit out of my bag. Our P.E kit is skimpy, red shorts and a white t-shirt I am not saying like board shorts I mean skimpy shorts as in hot pants. I sigh once I'm changed into them and look at Melanie. She fills hers unlike me. My legs were pretty much like matchsticks and I hated this because I used to fill mine like her. Melanie had the perfect figure. I wondered why she never had a boyfriend. In fact a lot of people did, but she was picky as hell and I admired her for it to be honest. She hated the guys in this school, she had only ever liked one guy and he graduated two years ago. 

She looks at me and smiles and then takes my wrists in her hands "Are you still cutting?" she asks. I shake my head.

"I'm trying my best to stop," I said and she nodded showing she understood and then pulled me into a hug. 

"You can always call me you know," 

"I know," I said and pulled away "we should go," I said and pulled on my t-shirt to cover me a little as I walked into the gym and as I did I noticed Logan stood by the P.E teacher. I walk up to the rest of the class and link my arm with Melanie's and stand while listening to the P.E teacher explain what we were doing today.  And we were doing gymnastics today, the joy. 

Half an hour has passed and I'm sitting on one of the benches watching as they learn how to do back flips. I had taken Gymnastics when I was little because my mother insisted I try every club going. I did Gymnastics for years, boxing, tennis, dance, street dance, ballet, piano lessons, singing, scouts, swimming, everything. It was just ridiculous. I did however get a choice after three weeks of each if I wanted to stay in them. 

"I didn't know you were so flexible," I hear an English accent say. I look at Logan and smile a little.

"I took lessons and went to a few competitions also," I state.

"Well that was impressive," he states.

"I only did a few back flips and half pikes and handstands," I state.

"You can do the splits, that's impressive to me," he states.

"Why are you here anyway?" I ask "haven't you got people to teach?" I ask.

"No, and I'm here because I wanted to see if you would actually come to class," he said and sits next to me. "You have a poor attendance in this class," he states.

"Yeah well getting naked in front of half the girls in my year wasn't exactly on my top priorities last year," I state "and it isn't this year," I pause and lean back "but what does it matter they all saw my back when I had 
to do a flipping handstand," I growl and fold my arms "now all they need to do now is stick freak on my forehead," 

"And paint you the school colours then they've got a mascot," he states. I look at him and he looks completely serious. I laugh a little and he smiles "I'm kidding," he says.

"Why is Courtney giving me evils?" I ask. He looks at where I'm looking "I hate her," 

"Why?"

"Because when I and Tyler went out she was the one he cheated on me with and she took great enjoyment in rubbing that in my face," I state. "Plus she hates me," I add.

"She's one of those girls that would be only good for sex just because she'd annoy the shit out of you afterwards," he states. I look at him, my jaw dropping "what? Too far?" he asks.

"Are you even allowed to say that?"

"There are lots of things I'm not allowed to do that I do Megan," he said, smirking at me. I smile a little and he moves his hand through his hair and looks at the class.

"You need a shave," I state. He looks at me "I don't want beard burn off you like earlier," I said quietly and I stood up to brush myself off. I scratch my back and then I feel him slap my hand back.

"What have I told you about scratching," Logan snaps at me. I look at him then down as he tells me off. He tells me all the time but the scabs were just so itchy it was unbelievable. 

"Sorry," I said quietly.

"They'll scar if you pick and scratch you know," he states.

"They're going to scar anyway," I state and he sighs. "If you're done embarrassing me can I go?" I ask. He frowns and looks around to see everyone staring at us. 

"I'm sorry,"

"Whatever," I said and walked out of the gym. I get changed as soon as I get in the changing room and run my hand through my hair and take my phone from my bag. I look through my contacts and get to Brendan's name and as I am about to press call someone sits next to me. I look to see Logan. I sigh and close my phone.  He moves his arm around me and pulls me into a hug.

"I'm sorry," he said and moved my hair from my face. 

"I want to go home," I said and start to cry

"Ok, I'll take you home," he said and stood. I stand too and wipe my eyes; he strokes my cheek a little and steps forward.

"Anyone could walk in," I said quietly. He smiles a little and kisses my forehead.

"I'll be back in a minute," he said and walked out of the changing room. I collect my stuff together, walk out of the changing room and wait for him. After a few minutes he returns and walks with me to the heads office. I look at him and then look around to see there was no one about.

"Logan," I said and he looked at me "can I change schools?" I ask.

"No," he said without even putting any thought into it. "The reason is because wherever you go people are going to know your face at least for a good year and changing schools isn't going to change anything," he explains.

"But then we can be together," I said and he stopped walking and looked at me.

"Is that what you're worried about? That we'll get caught?" he asks.

"A little and if we do then what will happen?" I ask "because I'm scared you'll get taken away from me and then I won't know what to do," I explain.

"Dilly dally, shilly shally," he says, I frown at him completely confused "dilly dally shilly shally," he said once more.

"What?"

"I guess you've never watched Final Fantasy, Carl used to said that a lot to me whenever I worried about minor things," he explains and then looks at me "and that's what you are worrying about, something very minor, we will talk about it if that time comes," he said "now come on or is it you didn't want to go home you just wanted to spend time with me?" he asks. 

"A bit of both," I said and looked around once more to see no one in view. I smile and walk towards a supply closet, open it and grab him by his shirt.

"Oh ok haven't done this in a while," he said "be gentle with me I'm delicate,"

"Logan shut up," I said and hugged him.

"Oh and I thought we were going to get down and dirty," he paused. "This is much better," He leans against the door and gets down to my level so I'm in-between his legs. "I'm too big for this closet," he said and moved his hands down my back to my bum. I look at him and move my arms around his neck. 

"Or maybe this closet is too small," I said and moved my fingers through his hair. He presses his lips together "I'm not kissing you," I state. He frowns "told you beard burn is a no," I say. He raises an eyebrow and pulls me into a kiss.  I kiss him back and feel prickling on my lips. I pull back. "See," I said and rubbed my lips.

"It's because you're not used to it dating all these 'boys' I'm a man you see," 

"Are you sure?" I ask. His jaw drops and I smile a little "I'm sorry," I pout. He smiles and taps my nose with his finger. My nose scrunches and I lay my head on his shoulder. "If I go home you've got to come back here don't you?" I ask. He nods and holds me close to him. "That sucks,"

"Yes it does," he said moving his hand on my head moving his fingers through my hair "I will have a shave though when I get home, promise," 

"Good, I've nearly got third degree burns," I said rubbing my lips 

"It's not that bad," he said and stood up straight towering over me. "Now come on or we are going to get caught," He turns and slowly opens the door and looks around "It's clear come on," he said and drags me out of it by my hand, he then lets go.
###chapter 54

**Megan**

I stand in the headmistress' office as Logan explains my morning to her and what a surprise Tyler had told him about what happened in maths.

"This isn't good Mr Peters," she says

"What do you mean?" he asks, frowning at him.

"I mean we need to set out a timetable for her that she is comfortable with, she obviously isn't ready for full time school. You need to talk to her grandfather about it," she said and looked at me." Would you rather be in school part time maybe a few hours a week and we increase it as time goes on?" she asks.

"My psychologist said that to my grandfather but he didn't listen," I said quietly "But I'd prefer to just be in for the more important ones like Math, English, science and Art," I say.

"Art?" she asks and Logan looks really offended.

"I want to be in design," I said 

"Oh ok well you don't have to be in for that I guess you could do art at home if it's a hobby," she said and sits down and rubs her head. "Mr Broster can be a self-centred jackass sometimes," my eyes widened a little. 

"Sorry, I don't mean to swear but the sooner that man retires the better," she says. She then looks at me "You can go home, what's your first lesson tomorrow?" she asks.

"English,"

"Then what do you have?"

"I have biology then history and then music and then Art and then Math," 

"Ok well come in for English and Biology and then go home ok?" she asks. I nod "You can miss Math that's not important at the moment," she says. I smile and she smiles "I don't sound like a headmistress do I?" she asks "What I wouldn't give to just get paid to do nothing," she said and then smiles while leaning back in her chair. 

"Sounds like you need a holiday to me," I said quietly.

"Yes, yes that is what I need, thank god my husband is paying for me to go to Hawaii for the summer, he's coming too but it isn't like he needs it," she said smiling.

"Have an all girls holiday my mother used to do that," I said and stand up "did it like every summer when I went away with friends," I said "we'd go to the same place but just didn't interact with each other unless we needed to and my father went also, it was like a family holiday but we never spent any time together we only saw each other in the mornings," 

"Wow," she said and looked at Logan "take her home," she says. I smile at her and walk out of the office with Logan behind me.

---

"Are you going to be ok?" Logan asks me as he sits on the coffee table. I nod and lay my head on the arm of the chair. "Try to get some sleep ok," he says and strokes my hair. "Please for me," he adds. I nod a little and he leans in to give me a kiss. I hold up my index finger and yawn.

"Only a peck," I said looking at him.

"Dilly dally shilly shally," he said smiling and pressed his lips against mine. I smile and tug on the top of his t-shirt and then move my hand through his hair as his tongue caresses my mouth. I pull back and rub my lips

"Dilly Dally my arse," I said "look what you've done to my poor mouth," He smiles and kisses me again "no Logan you really don't understand the beard burn do you?" I ask. 

"Ok, I'm sorry," he said and kissed my forehead. "I will be back at about four. I have something to do after work," I frown "it's a surprise," he said and smiled at me. "Bye babe," he said and kissed my head once more and walked out of the living room. I hear the front door shut and I turn on the TV and then grab the blanket on the side and pull it over me wrapping it around my body. I could at least try and get some sleep and keep my promise after all he always tried to keep his. He was most likely to come home at dinner to make me take my medication anyway. 

**Logan**

I walk into the house and look around. I can hear music coming from upstairs. I look up the stairs and see Carl. He beckons me and I follow him to Megan's room. I peep in to see her playing the piano. She then stops and takes a deep breath and then starts to play again. I look at Carl. I'm sure I know this song and he smiles while watching her.

"I don't think she knew I was home when she started playing," he said to me.

"I'm sure I know this song," I say.

"Yeah yeah it's Evanescence or something you know the one with the woman in it. Lithium or something," 

"Are you ITunes or something?" I ask looking at him.

"Hey I could be," he said and walks into her room making sure she didn't see him. She then slowly murmurs to the tune. She finished the song but didn't sing fully to it as if she didn't want to as if stopping herself. 

She then started another song and she sang fully. I lean against her dresser and fold my arms across my chest and tilt my head to the side. She stops and shakes her head and rests her hands on the keys. "Wrong chord stupid," she said to herself and started again and the tune was a lot softer now. She then pressed the wrong key "For frick sake," she growls. I smile and walk over to her and sit down on the buffet.

"Calm down," I say

"H-How long have you been standing there?" she asks and looks behind her to see Carl.

"Not long honest," I say.

"Oh, well I'm done now," she said standing up.

"No you're not sit down," I said, grabbing her hips and pulling her back down on the buffet.

"But," she starts

"I will not shave for the rest of my life if you don't finish this song," I say. 

"Yeah you will," she says,

"No I won't," I said "you will have to put up with beard burn," I said "I will feel very comfortable looking like a hobo or Jesus if I have to," I said honestly and she sighs.

"Fine," she said and looked down.

"Just relax; it's an easy song,"

"I know,"

"You're not relaxing though, watch?" I said and cracked my fingers and started to play the tune she was playing.

"How did you know the song?" she asks.

"I'm British and you are playing a song by a British singer. Do I really need to explain?" I ask.

"Since when did you play the piano?" she asks.

"Parents were strict on me being good at everything for a while," I said "now shut up and play," I ordered and she nodded and started to play again.

"I'll sing it one last time for you..." she starts as she plays

"I'll go shave now," I said now she's finished. She looks at me and smiles "What?"

"Don't shave a lot. I like it when you have a bit of stubble but not all that," she says.

"Yeah I'm not pussy footing around for you, I'm shaving it all and then it will grow to what you want,"

"Ok," she huffs and then stands up. I smile and stand up moving my arms around her, I go to kiss her but she moves away. "Urm I have homework," she said and walked off towards her bed. I look at Carl and he looks away from me and walks out. I frown and walk out after him.

"What's happened?" I ask.

"I'm not saying anything, it's up to her," he said walking into his room and shutting the door locking it behind him. I sigh and walk into my room. 
###chapter 55


**Logan**

Sitting across from Megan at the table I watch her move her food about. She looks at me and gives me a small smile. I had made her spaghetti Bolognese, I hadn't given her a lot but she had barely touched it. I sigh and get up from my seat, taking my plate with me.

"Can I..." I don't let her finish

"No," I say. She remains silent and I place my plate in the sink turning to look at her. She places her fork at the side of her plate and looks down at her food. I sigh and walk towards her and sit next to her. "Is my cooking really that bad?" I ask. 

"No," she said and moved her hands to her lap. "It's just there's so much and I don't like the feeling after," she says. I frown and rest my head on my hands.

"So my cooking is bad," I said to myself and pout a little. She looks at me ready to defend herself and then smiles a little at me. 

"It's not honestly, you're an amazing cook I just, I can't eat it," she says. 

"Please eat a little you haven't eaten all day," I say.

"I was sleeping that's why and then I had a nightmare and it's just, I don't know," she said and looked down at her lap.

"Tell me about it," I said, taking her hand. She moves her hand from mine and looks at me "I know you don't like to but I feel useless to you not being able to help you," she sighs and looks away from me. I sigh and move her food away from her. 

"I don't want to,"

"Megan, stop pushing me out," I snapped. She looks down and moves her head in her hands.

"I don't want to talk about it," she snaps, "stop trying to force me," she barks and stands.

"Give me strength," I said and picked up her plate. "Fine," I said and dropped her food in the bin.

"You're angry at me," she says.

"Yeah I am," I snap, "just go to bed or something," I said not looking at her. She doesn't leave. I sigh and turn and walk out of the kitchen.

"I'm sorry," I hear her say and look behind me to see her following me "please don't be angry," she says.

"How do you want me to feel?" I snap now turning to look at her.

"I don't know, just don't be angry with me," she said and started to cry. I sigh and walk towards her and move my arms around her, she flinches from me and I look down. I hated that, I hated the fact that every time I touch her she may flinch from me and I hate her father.

"I'm sorry," I said quietly and she looked up at me and I came face to face with her bright green eyes. She looks back down and pushes me away, her hands still on my chest, I look down at her hands to see them shaking.

"I have one question," she said "would you ever force me to have sex with you?" she asks.

"What no?" I said confused "why would you even ask that?"

"The dream I had last night was my dad but the one this afternoon was the same dream but you," she said and she cried harder "you were..." she trails off and takes her hands off me and moves them to her face. I sigh that was not what I was expecting her to say and now understand why she was off with me.

"Ok," I said and stepped back "do you want me to leave?"I asked.

"What? No I need you here,"

"So what do you want me to do?" I ask "because I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around me," I said and sit on the stairs. She walks over to me and stands in front of me, I look at her and she shrugs a little. "Ok," I said and move my hands through my hair.

"This is why I didn't want to tell you," she says. I look at her "I knew it would upset you or make you angry and I didn't want that and now you're going to be awkward around me and..." she set off crying again and I get up and walked towards her and hugged her. 

"I'd never do anything like what he did to you and yes I may start being a bit cautious with my actions but you should not be upset by that," I said and kissed the top of her head.

"You promise?"

"Of course," I said "I promise I will never hurt you and if I ever do you have my permission to give me a sex change," I say. She giggles and moves her arms around my waist.

"That's all I need," she said and looked up at me. I lean in and kiss her softly, she smiles and hugs me tightly and I wrap my arms around her shoulders.

"Are you ok?" I ask.

"No," 

"Why?"

"I want my perfect boyfriend to kiss me properly," she said smiling.

"I don't know about perfect," I said and kiss her the way she asks me to.

"Good god go to one of your bedrooms will you," I hear Carl say and I pull back from Megan moving my arms fully around her and look at him to see him walking down the stairs. "I'm off out, don't wait up for me hubby," he said and leaned in to kiss me. I lean away and Megan laughs and he turns his head and kisses her on the lips then looks at me "you had your chance," he said to me and pecked her again and then I pushed him down the stairs.

"You're a shit friend," I say.

"I'm an even better kisser aren't I Megan?" he says. I look at Megan and she's blushing like crazy and then buries her head into my chest.

"I don't know," she said but muffled by my chest. He smirks and grabs his jackets and car keys and walks out of the house. Megan pulls away from me and turns and starts to walk into the living room

"Megan," I said confused.

"He kissed me, I had no part in it," she said. I laugh and sit on the couch and bring her on top of me.

"That's good," I said and held her as tight as I could. I love it when she's like this, when she seems like she's not bothered about anything and nothing is worrying her. When she was like this it meant I could be relaxed and be with her the way I wanted. It's amazing how much she does trust me, I've broken my promises before but she still trusts me, still believes in me that I won't break my promises to her again.
###chapter 56
**Megan** 

---Few Nights Later----
I hear my bedroom door shut, I turn and reach across my bed to feel for Logan but he isn't there. My eyes slowly open to see a note and a rose in his place. Stretching while yawning I reach for the note and slowly sit up. Moving my hand through my hair I open the note.

*'I have a meeting which suck which also means Carl is taking you to school which also sucks I know anyway Happy Valentine's day there are plenty more on the way X,'*

I smile a little and take the rose and hold it to my nose to smell it and then get off the bed. I walk to my window to see him getting in his car and driving off. My smile widens and I walk out of my bedroom down the stairs to the kitchen to see Carl who was stood at the cooker. 

"Morning gorgeous," he says. I look him up and down to see him just in his boxers. He scratches his back and then spoons a load of bacon and egg onto a plate and walks to the table with it and sits. "Apparently you're breakfast is something different," he says. I smile and sit down opposite him.

"Happy Valentine's day," I say.

"Hmm to you too," he said and then places two red envelops in front of me "they came for you through the post," he said and fills his mouth.

"Did you have a good night?" I ask.

"Yes,"

"Did you get laid?"

"Yes," he said and then looks at me "you,"

"Oh yeah," I said nodding.

"He's still being frigid," he states "I could sort that out for you if you like," he said smiling, I laugh and reach over for his bacon "Oi mine go eat your fattening crap," he snaps. I pout and look down "fine but I'll have you know I'm hung-over and you eating my cure is hurting me and my head," he said as he stands and walks to one of the cupboards to take down a small plate. He sits back down in his seat and starts to put a few pieces of bacon on the plate and a fried egg. He now has three the greedy thing.

"You're going to get fat one day," I mutter and take the plate and then the two cards. "Why would he send me two?" I ask.

"Have you ever thought you may have another admirer?" he asks frowning at me. I shake my head and put a piece of bacon in my mouth while I open one of the cards. "You also have to take your medication," I sigh 

"Hey don't get all hissy with me he was the one that told me to remind you," he says.

"Hmm," said and read the card. It had sparkly red writing on the front and a teddy bear holding a flower looking all cute. The inside was the usual 'happy valentine' stuff and saying how much this particular person hearts me and then at the bottom it said 'from?' I frown and place it on the table and pick up the other card. This card similar to that one but is 'Me to you' and it has a ribbon at the fold and more writing on the front. The inside is similar too but it said 'from L x x' I place that one down.

"So?" he says

"I don't know who that one is from but it's not from Logan cos it's different writing," I said he nods and then starts eating. I stare at the card and frown and then looks down at my food and start to eat it.

After eating Carl places my meds in front of me. I sigh and take out the right amount for each one. He stares at them confusion written all over him as he places a glass of water in front of me. 

"I need another glass," I say.

"That's what I was thinking with all that," he said and walks over to the sink to fill up a glass with water. 

"Do you want to know what is what?" I ask. He nods "ok this little white one is for my anaemia, this one is for my anxiety, this is for my blood pressure, this is pretty much vitamins, this is to make me gain weight, this is contraceptive, this one is for my depression and the rest is pretty much vitamins, they dissolve hence why I need another glass," I explain.

"And you take two of each?"

"No I take one of the iron tablet 3 times a day though all the rest is like two twice a day or three times a day or something," I explain. "I don't really know Logan just tells me when to take what so I do," I explain.

"Oh," he said and watches me as I take them and after taking my pills I go upstairs to get ready. 

I stand in front of my mirror wearing some leggings and a denim shirt with a white tank top underneath. I'm debating on my hair on whether I should have it up or down. I hold it all up in my hand with my bangs down and look in the mirror and then let it go and ruffle it a bit. Sighing I sit on my buffet pouting and brushing my hair once more.

"Do you want me to do your hair for you?" I hear Carl say. I look towards my bedroom door to see him stood with his arms folded across his chest. I nod knowing he loves doing my hair. He smiles and walks towards me and sits behind me on the buffet. "I'll do a side French plait for you," he said "that way pieces of your hair will fall free so you technically have it up and down in a nice messy look," he states.

"What do you do during the day?" I ask.

"I have classes, the only reason I know this is because I have three sisters," he states. I nod showing I understand and he starts to do my hair.

"You're older than Logan aren't you?" I ask.

"By a year yes," he states while moving fingers through my hair to plait it. 

"Are you doing anything today?"

"I have classes at nine until about two and then home sleep until about six go to work at eight and be home for six in the morning. Why?" he asks.

"No I just wondered. What are you doing at college?"

"Music, I'm sure I've told you I want to be a music teacher," he states. I nod and he finishes of my hair by putting a band half way through the length and then clips bits in place. "There you look gorgeous as always," he said smiling. I smile back and stand while looking at my hair in the mirror, it looked good I loved him doing my hair, Logan tried every now and then when he was bored but he could not do what Carl did. "Come on then or we'll be late, I'm guessing you want to stop off at a card shop?" he asks.

"Oh yeah, I totally forgot, I mean I didn't think he'd get me anything to be honest," I said and look at Carl. He smiles a little and walks out of my room while I put a thin line of eyeliner on and a thin coat of mascara. To be honest it felt refreshing to be able to only put makeup on and not worry about hiding something, it also felt refreshing to just put on a small amount. 

###chapter 57
**Megan**

Carl parks up and looks at me. I give him a small smile and reach for my bag.

"See you tomorrow I guess," I state. He nods and I open the door.

"Megan," he says. I look at him "Happy Valentine's day,"

"To you too," I said and kiss him on the cheek "Have a good day," I smile and climb out of the car. Walking into school I notice Tyler and Melanie stood at my locker. I walk up behind Melanie and move my hands around her eyes. "Guess who?" I ask.

"My best friend Courtney," she says. My jaw drops open as shock and offended takes my facial expression "I'm kidding honest," she said and turns to face me. "Hey," she said and hugs me, I hug her back and then let go and open my locker. "So what do you have today?" she asks.

"English and science and then I'm at my psych session and then back here for dinner and Art," I explain. She nods showing she understood and look at Tyler.

"Me and Tyler got you a card," she says.

"Shit," I said quietly. "I completely forgot," I said and look at her "I'm so sorry, I'll get you both a rose with the school thing," I said "I'm so sorry," I said to them both.

"It's fine," Tyler said and wraps his arms around my waist. I look at Melanie as I hug Tyler back and then look past her to see Logan looking towards us while talking to another teacher. 

"Tyler are you ok?" I ask as this hug seemed to go on longer than what I expected.

"Yeah I'm fine," he said and pulls away "I'll see you in science," he said and walks away from us both. 

"What wrong with him?" I ask Melanie.

"I don't know he's being gloomy all morning, it's scary," she pauses and hooks her arm with mine and looks toward Logan. "Do you think Mr Peters will appreciate a rose from me?" she asks. I look at her "I'm kidding I'm not getting him one, although if I got to wake up to that every morning I'd be in a good mood every day," 

"Thanks for that," I said and walk with her to the office. I order three roses one for Melanie, one for Tyler and one for Logan making sure I don't put my name and I change my writing on his and just put 'Dilly Dally Shilly Shally' so he'll know it's from me. I place all three in the box and put $4.50 in the box at the side and walk out and wait for Melanie. I turn and stood there is Logan. I give him a small smile and he frowns.

"I hope you didn't get me one,"

"I didn't, I got Melanie and Tyler one," I say.

"Good why Tyler?" he asks.

"Because I said I'd get him one,"

"C'mon," Melanie said skipping out of the office and moving her arm into mine "Hey Mr Peters," she said giving him a wave "don't be late for class," she said and drags me with her. I give him a wave and walk with Melanie to English.

We sit in English class and we're the first which wasn't a surprise when it was about five minutes until class started. I look at Melanie and fold my arms.

"I need your advice on something," she says.

"Ok," I said and bring my legs up so my knees are to my chest.

"Do you remember that guy I fancied who was at this school but not here anymore?" she asks. I nod "well I was out last night at the beach, would have invited you but Mr Peters said you weren't too well," I nod "and well he was there and we got talking and he kissed me gave me his number and he told me to ring him today but I don't know if I should, should I?" 

"Well if you don't he'll think you don't want to know him, so just text him that way he has your number and if he texts back you'll know if he's actually interested," I state.

"What shall I text him?" I sigh a little; she only ever got this girly with boys it was so out of character for her it annoyed me. 

"Just said it's me Mel just thought I'd text you instead so you know my number," I said "then you won't sound desperate," I say.

"True," she said and I smile a little "urgh I sound like one of those obsessed girls," she said and shudders. I laugh and search through my bag and take out a card and walk towards Logan's desk "what are you doing?" she asks.

"Giving him his card," I said and open one of his draws and place the card in there and then walk back to my seat.

"What are you two doing tonight then?" she asks waggling her eyebrows at me. I laugh and rest my head on the desk.

"Nothing really, we have the house to ourselves but we'll probably just watch a movie and have dinner then bed like usual," I said "we're like a married couple at the moment it's peaceful I like it" I said smiling a little to myself. 

"Have you and him not done anything?" she asks. I shake my head "oh ok," she said and she seems a little surprised.

"Why are you surprised by that?" I ask.

"Well I don't know I think it's just because he's older and before you got together whenever you kissed you were all over each other so I just thought you would have done something by now," she explains.

"He wants to go slow and well I'm not ready no matter how much I tell him and myself I know I'm not, the nightmares aren't helping though," I said and close my eyes.

"Have you been sleeping?" she asks.

"Not really he's getting worried I can tell, I've had about four hours sleep since Sunday," I say. She sighs a little and moves her chair closer.

"Are the sleeping tablets not working?" she asks.

"Not really I think it would help if I actually took them," she frowns "I cheek them, I just don't want to sleep to have another nightmare that makes me scared of him," her frown deepens and I'm about to tell her when more students start to walk in "I'll tell you later," I say.

I watch Logan walk in and place a book on his desk and then sit in his chair looking around. His eyes land on me and then he looks away and turns his attention to the people walking in. 

###chapter 58

**Megan**

Half an hour into the lesson a guy walks in holding a box of roses and starts to hand them out. I watch as the ones expecting roses are happy to get one and the ones not expecting who do get one seem surprised. 

The guy walks towards me and Melanie and gives Melanie two and then places two on my desk and then stops and places another. I frown a little and look at them. One from Melanie, one from Tyler and one saying from 'B', I look at Melanie and she smiles at me.

"It's from Brendan," she says. I smile a little and smell all three. "And Megan you're the coolest best friend ever too," she says. I smile and watch as the guy laughs at the amount and he sighs while looking at them "it seems Courtney has sent him one," Melanie says. I look to see a grinning Courtney.

"It seems you're Mr Popular," the guy said and walked out of the room. Logan looks at them, his eyes meeting who he thinks sent him one if the person is in the class. He then stops as he looks at one and smiles.

"Seen one you like Sir?" Courtney asks.

"No, a thought just came into my head that is all," he said and placed the roses in a pile to the side "yours however was a bit crude for my taste," he said and the class cracked out laughing. 

"How did you know..." she trails off.

"The big curly C gave you away," he said "also you are lucky I am lenient because any other teacher would have sent you to the principal's office and maybe have you taken out of their class for being obsessed," he said and her jaw drops open. "To be honest I dislike valentine's day," he said "if you love someone you should show it everyday not just one day a year or something , it's too commercialised now," he said and then there's a knock at the door and then it opens. A guy wearing a UPS jumpsuit and hat walks in.

"I have a parcel for a Megan Wright," he says. I frown and slowly put my hand up. He smiles and walks out and then comes back in carrying a big black box. I get up and meet him half way. "Sign here for me please," he said once putting It down and picking up the clip board that was on top of it. I take his pen and sign for it. "And here," he points to the bottom; I sign "thanks," he said and walks out of the room. I frown and look around.

"What am I suppose to do with this?" I ask. Logan shrugs.

"Opening it would be a start," he says.

"But I don't even know what it is, it could be a bomb or something," I say. He laughs and so does everyone else. "I'm serious you get people who send random bombs to people," I say.

"Just open it," Melanie says. I sigh and pull at the tape at the top pulling it off and then pulling the tape that followed it down. I pull one of the flaps down and there in front of me are roses. I frown again and take a piece of paper that's inside.

*'To Megan told you there was more'*

My jaw drop open and I'm sure it hit the floor. I look at what's inside to see rose's big roses and a few with small diamonds inside. I smile a little and I feel my eyes start to water. It is true I'm a sucker for romantic stuff like this and I did cry at things like this. I still cry at titanic. 

"I'm never going to be able to carry these all day," I said out loud and I want nothing more than to jump on Logan and just kiss him and never stop. 

"What's inside?" he asks and pulls the rest of the black card away and takes the roses out and the girls all coo. I cover my eyes and take a deep breath to stop myself from crying. 

"That is so sweet who are they from?" A girl asks.

"I don't know," I stutter out.

"That's just creepy," Courtney says.

"Do you want me to break the rest of your face?" Melanie asks her and I laugh. Logan passes them to me and I look at the card that's clipped to the wrapping. "What does that say?" she asks.

"Nothing just that there's a hundred roses sprinkled with diamante pins,"

"Well someone obviously feels very sorry for you," Courtney says. I sigh and look at Logan and he looks like he wants to punch her. 

"Don't be such a jealous bitch," I snap "jeez if anyone got you something like this it would only be from someone who wanted to desperately get laid," I growl. Her jaw drops open "and I suggest you don't said anything else because you will end up with your face broken," I said and walk off to my desk. "I don't really care why someone bought me it, I'm just happy that they think enough about me to buy me something this beautiful," I said sitting in my seat and placing them on my desk in front. 

---

I wait until everyone has left the room and walk to Logan who is stood in front of his desk. I smile at him and place the flowers on his desk.

"I could kiss you right now and never stop," I said "they must have cost you hundreds," I say.

"Completely worth the money to see that smile on your face," he says. I smile again and look towards the door. 

"I'll see you in an hour?" I ask.

"Yeah I'll take you to your session and drop these off at home for you," 

"Ok," I said and bite my bottom lips 

"I like your card by the way," he said "and the rose," 

"Well..." I said and move closer and as I do the door opens. I step back and the head is stood there.

"Aww they are beautiful I love roses," she coo's. I frown "I wish my husband would do something romantic like that for me but all I get is a flipping card," she says. She then looks at me "how come you're not in class?" 

"Urm I was just seeing if Logan was taking me to my session after science and to see if he'd drop these off home for me," I explain to her, which was not a lie.

"Oh, I bet you were nearly in tears I'd be blubbering like a whale." She says.

"Yeah," I said and scratch the back of my head and look at Logan.

"She did nearly cry, she thought it was a bomb at first," 

"Oh I can imagine no one expects something like these," she said touching one of the roses.

"I'll be going to class," I said and walk off "Cya," I said giving Logan a wave. He smiles and looks at the head. I smile and pretty much skip to my next lesson.

---

His blue eyes scanned me as I lean against his car. We were parked outside my psychologist's house. He moves his arms around me and pulls me close. I smile a little and look down at my feet. He strokes my arm and moves his hand up to my cheek. 

"It'll be ok," 

"I know I just don't like talking about everything," I said and move my hand to his stubbly face. He now had the right amount of stubble I like. "Give me a kiss and get yourself off," I said smiling. He smiles and leans in to give me a kiss. He pulls back and I pout a little and look up at him.

"What?" he asks.

"I was expecting a bit more than a peck," I say, he laughs and pulls away.

"Go on get in there," he said "I'm doing something special for you tonight so look forward to that ok," he said as he walked round to the driver's seat.

"Don't forget to look after my flowers," I say.

"I will with my life," he says. I smile and walk towards the house, I turn and give him a small wave and walk inside. 


###chapter 59

**Megan**

"And was it awkward after you told him the reason?" she asks. We were talking about my nightmares and about Logan. I nod at her question "How? What happened to make it feel awkward?" she asks.

"He's just more hesitant when he wants to hug me or he doesn't kiss me how he would before," I pause "it's just awkward," 

"Do you know why your nightmares are turning into him and not staying your father?" she asks.

"No, I wish I did," I said yawning and then look at her.

"Have you been sleeping?" I shake my head "When was the last time you slept properly?"

"Sunday," I said and she writes it down.

"Are you scared of having another nightmare?" she asks. I nod and she writes again and then looks as if she is thinking of something "have you tried changing your night clothes and trying aromatherapy?" she asks.

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Well have you changed your nightwear since out of hospital or have you kept the same nightwear,"

"Same nightwear,"

"Have you ever found yourself not having a nightmare when you are wearing different nightwear?" she asks.

"When I wear one of Logan's shirts or t-shirts I don't have one," I say. She smiles a little.

"Try going shopping for some new nightwear and try using some scents in your room, because scents can set your nightmares off and just doing the repetitive things before going to bed. There are a number of reasons as to why you're having nightmares all the time. I have a wild guess on why he's always turning into Logan but I think it's up to you to find out why," she says.

"Thanks," I said sarcastically.

"So what's he done for you today?"

"He nearly had me in tears, he bought me this big bouquet of roses that had diamond stones in a few of them," she raised her eyebrows "like a hundred roses and like I'm a hopeless romantic so I'm nearly in tears in front of the whole class and he's just stood there acting like he knew nothing about them," I pause.

"How come you opened them in class?"

"He had them ordered to my class that I had with him which was mean because I wanted to jump on him and hug him and never let go. It literally took everything in me not to do that," I said smiling.

"That's romantic of him and also a little cruel, I mean you want nothing but to hug someone who buys you a present, he knew exactly what he was doing and he obviously was testing to see if you could control yourself," she explains. 

"I guess," I say. She smiles and for the remainder of my session we talk about Logan. She just let me go on and on about him. I spoke about his annoying eating habit on how he could pretty much eat loads of food and not put on weight. He could eat forever if he was ever given the chance. I told her how he was the cutest thing on a morning because of his bed head hair and his crankiness. 

"Would you said you loved Logan?" she asks. I quickly shake my head "Why?"

"I don't want to love him and I don't want him to love me, it's scary and I just get my love used against me and I don't want him to do that," I explain. She nods and writes something down. 

"Ok I guess it's time to end this," she said getting up. I stand and stretch and follow her out of the office. She looks at her secretary and signs me out and then books me another session. I pick up my coat and walk towards the front door and opened it to see Logan stood at the car waiting for me. I give him a small wave and then look at my blonde psychologist. She gives me a small smile and hands me a piece of paper. 

"I want you to fill this table in for two weeks on your sleeping pattern and no lying," she says.

"I won't lie I promise," I say

"Good, just put what time you went to bed, roughly how long it took you to go to sleep and if you got up or not and what time you wake and then put how many hours you've slept," she explains.

"Ok," I said and look at it "just for two weeks?" I ask. She nods "Ok and I'll go shopping tonight and try out what you suggested," 

"Oh yeah," she said and walked around her secretary's desk "where did I put those aroma leaflets?" she asks her "never mind I've found them," she said and walks over to me and hands me a leaflet "that's a good place to get a few scents they're not expensive either which is good," I nod and walk out of the house. I pretty much run up to Logan and hug him tightly.

"Good session?" he asks.

"Yeah we talked about you," I said smiling and kiss him on the lips.

"Well that session was obviously great if you're talking about me," he said smiling at me. He opens the car door for me and I climb in and he shuts the door. He walks round the car gives my psychologist a wave and gets in.

"What do you think of my psychologist?" I ask.

"She's nice, why?"

"Do you think she's pretty?" he stops doing what he's doing and looks at me.

"Are you setting me up here?" he asks.

"No," I said innocently. "She is though isn't she, I mean she's a little older than you and she's blonde and she has like a figure to die for and like if I went that way I'd be all over her, she's hot" I say.

"Yeah," he said and my jaw drops "see I knew it," he said and starts the car. I giggle and put on my seat belt and then I see my roses in the back.

"I thought you were taking them home," I said and look at him.

"I didn't have time to go back home," he said and relaxes in his seat.

"So you find my psychologist hot and you don't care enough about the flowers you bought me to take them home and put them in a vase, typical of a man," I said folding my arms.

"You can't be serious," he says. I turn my head away from him "fine," he growls "we don't even have a vase big enough," he said and I sigh.

"See how you don't dismiss the fact you find my psychologist hot," I said to myself but loud enough for him to hear. He pulls up against the curb and I turn to look at him and he unbuckles his seat belt and leans over and kisses me. I kiss him back and he moves his hand through my hair pulling me closer to him making the kiss more passionate. He pulls back leaving me pretty much shocked at that kiss. I didn't expecting him to do that with him being so distant with me.

"Shut up and listen," he says. I nod "you my dear are beautiful, hot is nothing to beautiful do you understand?" he asks. I nod "and I would much rather be all over you than any other girl," he said and then kisses me again. I pull on his tie a little and he pulls back from me "that's enough," he says, I pout and he smiles a little and presses on my nose with his finger. It wrinkles up and I pat it causing him to chuckle to himself and kiss my cheek. "You're too cute sometimes,"

"No I'm not," I frown and he laughs more and starts the car again and puts on his seatbelt. "I was testing you by the way," I said his smile widens "you passed just so you know," 

"Damn and I really wanted to fail," he says. I giggle and take his hand in mine laying it on my lap stroking his knuckles with my thumb.

I loved his hands they weren't rough or callous they were smooth and strong. They were bigger than mine and he had long fingers. He didn't bite his nails; they were quite feminine for how manly he was. 

"What are we doing tonight?" I ask.

"I'm not telling you," he says.

"Well I need to go shopping after school," I say.

"Ok," he said and tightened his grip on my hand.
###chapter 60
###chapter 60
**Logan**
I look at Megan as she makes me stand outside an underwear store. She had dragged me into this shop full of scented things and we were followed by Courtney which was not a pleasure. Now she's dragging me in here doesn't this just sort of put out that we're together and we're planning a night of passion on Valentine's Day? 

"You're not serious?" I ask.

"Yes, I need some night clothes,"

"But you have loads at home," I then look around to see Courtney with her friends coming our way.

"You can stay out here and keep Courtney company if you like," she says.

"Never mind I'm coming," I said running into the store "you're so cruel to leave me out there with them," I said and follow her around the shop. She picks up night dress after night dress and a load of underwear and I want nothing more but to eat. 

She drags me into a changing room. I sit on the buffet provided and then start to play on my phone while she tries whatever on. A girl walks in and knocks on the door after about five minutes and Megan lets her in surprisingly and then I hear them talking.

They talk about her size whatever that is then they go quiet and I hear the girl recognise who she is. I sigh and look at the wooden door separating them from me.

"Oh no I've made you feel uncomfortable I'm sorry," the girl said and I can picture Megan's face "It's ok you know I know what it's like, not to that extremeness but my mother's boyfriend raped me," I sigh really did this have to turn into this. I really would not be able to cope with two crying girls; I can only just cope with Megan for now.  "You should try a group...no no don't look like that I'm honest, I got pregnant after mine and well I went to a group because my now fiancé told me to well forced me to and it helped me to bond with my little boy better because I resented him for like a year but now I love him to bits and I wouldn't trade him for the world. I do have my off days but that group has helped me a lot, you should try one I went to loads before I found one I was comfortable in, but do try them out, it helped me become more open about it" she explains to her and I let out my breath and sudden relief washes over me I wasn't going to have to put up with two sobbing girls. 

----

"So what are we doing tonight then?" Megan asks me as I follow her into the kitchen, she turns and looks at me "Mr Peters?" she asks smiling

"Well I figured," I said, moving the shopping onto the table and walking towards her "we'd watch movies and get fat," I smiled while saying it and wrapping my arms around her waist "what did you have in mind Miss Wright?" I ask, pressing my forehead against hers and pecking her lips.

"Hmm...You're just thinking about your belly," she said smiling "I guess we could do that," she says.

"We have the house to ourselves so we can get up to anything," I said and I watch as a small smile forms on her lips. I admit I intended for that to sound a little dirty but I had heard her talking to Melanie so I knew she wasn't ready for any of that.

"Can we order food instead of cooking?" she asks. I nod and she wraps her arms around my neck and move her fingers through the back of my hair. I smile and look at the table to see two cards on the table. I knew one was most definitely from me but the other had me stumped,"

"Who is that card from?" I ask.

"I don't know there's no name," she said and I pull away from her and walk towards it and read it. I read over it once more looking at the writing, the loop of 'g' in Megan and the writing it was slanted and flicked and I knew just who's writing it was. A sigh escapes and I place the card back down and look at Megan, she smiles and grabs my hand. "Come on Mr Peters," she said dragging me into the living room.

"I need to take Max for a run," I say. She looks behind me to see him sniffing at the door.

"Just let him out in the garden to do his business and then take him out tomorrow," she says. I sigh and look down. I hadn't taken my own dog for a run for a while; Carl had done it because I still can't run because of this leg. "Please," she said pouting. "I know it seems cruel honest I do but you'll take him for a run now and you won't get back until about nine," she said "and then you'll be too tired so you'll get a shower and then you'll mark a few things and then you'll be in bed by ten," she moans.

"Fine but if my dog gets fat because of you you'll pay," I say. She nods and smiles. I turn and walk towards the back door to let him out.

**Megan**

Logan watches me as I undo the plait in my hair as he undresses. I'm watching him from my mirror. He looks away once I'm finished and walks off into the bathroom while unbuttoning his jeans. We had done exactly what we planned. He ordered three pizza's some Chinese and then we sat and ate a tub of ice-cream each. I swear I had put on half of my body weight in the last four hours. I admit he ate tons more than me like try two pizzas three portions of fry's two chow miens and then half of mine. I understand you have to gain fat to build muscle but that is all the wrong kinds of fat.

"Megan," he said dragging out my name.

"What?" I said doing the same thing.

"I'm getting fat," he said and walks out of my bathroom in his boxers his face wet.

"I'm really not surprised you eat more than your dog, me, Carl and Melanie," I said with a small smile.

"I'll stay in the gym all day on Saturday," he says. I smile a little and look back in the mirror and start to take my make up off. He sits next to me on my buffet facing the other way and turns to look at me. "I urm heard you today?" he says. I look at him with half of my face eyeliner free the other not so eyeliner free.

"When?" I ask.

"When you were with Melanie this morning," he says. I sigh and carry on taking my make up off "I just want you to know, that I know full well you're not ready and that I don't blame you for not wanting to take your sleeping tablets, just open up to me more ok?" he asks and I can feel him looking at me ashe said that. I sigh and finish off taking my make up off.

"Ok," I said and look at him "if anything I'm more open with you than I am with anyone else, the only reason why I didn't tell you what you heard was because I don't want you to think I'm frigid," I said slowly not wanting to tell him. He chuckles and I look at him "Why are you laughing?" I ask.

"Because it's funny," 

"No it's not," I said and stand up "how can you said it's funny? When it clearly isn't. You're older than me, more experienced than me and weren't you used to having sex like all the time before me?" I snap. It hurt that he found it funny and hurt more that he just laughed at me right in front of me. 

"Come here," he said moving his arms around me.

"No," I snap walking away from him. I walk to my bed and climb in it "Go sleep in your own bed," I order. 

"Megan I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that," he said and I feel him sit on my bed.

"So how did you mean it?"

"I meant I find it funny that you think I'd think you were frigid, I mean why would I even think that Megan. We've only been going out for a few weeks do you really think I'm going to try and get into your pants?" he asks. I shrug "Well I'm not and I'm not just saying this because of what's happened I'd said it if I had just met you and fallen for you as much as I have now," he explains.

"I hate you," I said quietly

"Why?" he said as if it had just broken his heart.

"Because you always say the right things so I can't stay mad at you," I pause "it's annoying and that accent doesn't help matters," I say

"Does this mean you don't hate me and that you forgive me?" he asks.

"Depends if you get your butt into my bed and wrap your arms around me and shut up by the time I have finished my..." and as I said that he's in my bed with his arms around me as quiet as a mouse "...sentence,"

"I'm sorry," he says. I sigh and turn my lamp off. "You're still in a mood with me,"

"Logan shut up," I say. He sighs and reaches over me and turns my lamp back on. I take a deep breath closing my eyes and ignore him. I feel him move about and then I feel something touch my nose. I frown and open my eyes to see a rose in front of me. "Really do you pull them out of your butt or something?" I ask.

"No but if I did they would look so much better," I smile at his comment and I take the rose "it's from the roses I bought you," he says. The thing was we couldn't find a vase big enough for a hundred roses so we had to buy a load of separate vases and separate the bouquet. My bedroom is now pretty much red, I have roses on my piano, my dressers a few laid on my floor around my bed so yes covered. The worst thing was we didn't even buy enough vases for the flowers so I just had random roses around my room.

"Logan," I said and from the moonlight I can see him sit up and look down at me. I sit up and look him in his now midnight blue eyes "I want you to be my first," he stops and tilts his head at me "I just wanted you to know,"

"Why?" he asks.

"What?" I ask.

"Why do you want me to be your first? I'm just curious," he says.

"I don't know how to explain it, you just....you're just...I just feel like..." I stutter out suddenly wishing I hadn't told him. He smiles and leans in to kiss me. He then pulls back and lays at the side of me pulling me close to him and kissing me once more. It's not long until I'm asleep and for once I sleep through the full night.

###chapter 61

--- Two weeks later-
**Megan**

I sigh and look at Logan. I was having my monthly check up with the doctors to check my physical state, to see if I was on track with my weight and surprise surprise I wasn't. They also want to put me on stronger sleeping tablets.

"Megan you need to eat more than what you're eating, are you drinking the milkshakes?" the grey haired man that looked like Hugh Hefner. He seriously did. I'm expecting a Pamela Anderson lookalike to walk in and drape herself all over him.

"Yes I am, they just get boring after a while," I say.

"She takes all of her medication when she is supposed to," Logan says.

"Well she has to eat as well as take the medication because it won't work otherwise," he explains "I know it's hard but please do try because if you don't you'll have problems later on in life," he said "it can stop you from doing certain things and experience lie events like having children,"

"I can't have children anyway," I said and fold my arms "so it won't make a difference,"

"That's not true," he said while looking at my notes "your uterus is weak from the miscarriages which mean it will be difficult for you to carry a child for a full nine months. If you did become pregnant you will have difficulties throughout the pregnancy and will have to have caesarean to not weaken the uterus more but you have a good percentage of having children," he explains.

"What are her percentages?" Logan asks.

"20% but that's better than most there have been women who have had her condition and had as little as 5% and had children and with technology and new drugs coming out every day when she does think about having children her percentage may go up because from what I can tell from her results is that her uterus may become stronger with time as she isn't fully grown. She's only 17 and physically on the inside she will stop growing at the age of 20/21," he informs. 

I sigh and look away from them both.

"Don't be discouraged though Megan you're young and you have time on your side,"

"Woo for me," I said quietly "is that it can I go?" 

"Yeah," he said standing up and sighing a little.

"I'll wait in the car," I said and walk out of the doctor's office and walk past all the people waiting and out of the surgery. 

Ok waiting in the car was a no because it was locked. I saw Logan's face as the doctor told him the percentages, he looked heartbroken and when he told him about how technology and medicine was improving it just gave him some hope of me actually having children. The worst thing was that I hadn't even thought about the future, I didn't even see me and Logan having a future. I hadn't looked into it, I hadn't thought about the future for a while, it just wasn't something I thought about. 

Logan walks out of the surgery with my prescriptions in his hand and unlocks the car. I open the car door and climb in. He gets in and looks at me. I remain silent and put my seatbelt on.

"Are you ok?" he asks.

"Yeah I'm fine can we just go home?" I ask.

"Sure," he says. I can tell by his tone he wants to talk about what was said but holding back. 

"Is it ok if I go see Melanie once we're home?" I ask.

"Yeah if you like,"

"Can I take the car?" I ask.

"Yeah," he says.

"Thanks," I said and fold me arms and get comfy. 

I wasn't going to see Melanie; I had something to do something I know he would disagree completely with. It would either cause an argument if I ask  him about it or he'd demand he had to come with me.  But I knew that I needed to do this on my own and that once I've done it I can move on with my life and probably take a step forward with Logan. Yes I felt guilty about lying to him but I wouldn't be able to cope with another argument with him especially not now when it's really good at the moment with me and him. I didn't want my father becoming in between us any longer and seeing him for me would fix that. It may not for anyone else but I feel it would and after I'll tell him the truth.

Sweat beaded on my head as I sat in the seat provided. I look at the glass that would separate me from my father. Letting out a breath I get comfy and look at my phone and put it on silent. A hand rests on my shoulder, I look to see a female officer stood over me.

"It'll be ok," she says.

"Is it just going to be him?" I ask.

"They'll be a guard in there with him and I'll be in here with you," she says.

"Ok," I say.

"You won't know I'm here honestly," she says. I nod and she walks off. I turn to the glass and hear a buzzing sound and then a door open. 

I gulp and sit up straight as I hear his foot step's. My eyes widen as I see him sit in the chair in front of me. He was dressed in white and looked a shadow of himself. He was frail and pale and his hair was longer. He looks at me and his eyes widen a little. He reaches for the phone and I do the same. I stop before putting it to my ear and look at it. I look at it in disgust and reach into my bag for a wipe and wipe the mouth and ear part and then put it to my ear. I've always being wary of public things like toilets and phones so doing this was normal for me. 

"H...How are you?" he stutters out.

"Being worse," I said quietly "you?" I ask.

"Same," he said in the exact same tone as me. I gulp and look away from him and slowly move my hand to my eyes.

"I don't understand why I've even come here," I said out loud and move the phone out of my hand and place it on the counter. My hands move to my face and I groan and then pick the phone up again.

"I don't either," he says. I look at him "Because of what I've done I just don't understand why you would want to see me," he said 

"I can't have children," I said suddenly. He looks at me more "I went to the doctors today and I can't have children because of you which means my boyfriend may leave me soon once he realises that ever having children with me is next to impossible," I explain.

"You're back with Tyler?" he asks. I shake my head "The teacher?" he asks, My eyes widen and I look away "That's good," he pauses "I don't know his name but he seems like a nice guy and that he'd really care for you," he explains.

"Well I'm not with him," I snap. "and I don't need your approval," 

"I know I know you don't, I was just saying what I saw when I did see him with you," he says.

"Shut up," I snap and he looks down and runs a hand through his hair.

"So no grandchildren?" he asks.

"That's your fault," I said and look away from him as a tear rolls down my cheek.

"I know that if I said sorry for everything it's not going to change anything, you're my daughter and I kept a secret from you and hurt you in ways I can't even imagine. Even though it was a different person it was still me and my fault and I get why you hate me, I hate myself," he says. I sigh and look down at my lap. "I am truly sorry and I hope to god I get every punishment they can give me,"

"I don't," I said quietly. "I want you to suffer knowing you haven't been punished because I know how much you love justice that I hope that you don't get what you want," I say. "Because I've got permanent damage unlike you, I bet you sleep more than me and get through a day without feeling a bit of fear. There are a lot things I can't do now because of you," I snap "and I do hate you to the point that I can't even recognize you as a father. You won't  ever have grandchildren and it's not because of my condition but because you have no children to grant you a grandchild. I hope you rot in your own guilt," I growl "because you're getting no forgiveness from me," I add and put the phone on its hook and stand. I grab my bag and walk towards the door. The guard gives me a smile and opens the door for me. She walks out behind me and I walk towards the visitor book.

"I couldn't have done that," she said standing next to the table the visitors log was on. I look at her "I'm serious I've faced the barrel of a gun and men twice my size but I would never have been able to do what you've just done,"

"To be truthful I had an urge to run out crying," I say.

"But you didn't that's what makes you strong," she says. I smile a little and put my bag on the scanner and walk through the metal detector and then pick up my bag once it comes out of the scanner. 

###chapter 62
**Megan**

I walk into the gym where I hear voices to see Logan, Carl, Yasmin and Melanie. I gulp knowing Logan now knew that I lied to him. Melanie and Yasmin smile at me and Logan looks at me and then stands. He walks towards me, kisses my forehead and then goes to my ear.

"We'll talk later," he said and walks out. I sigh and look at Carl, he gives me a small smile.

"He's being a bit moody with me so don't worry,"

"Yeah well I lied to him so he has every right to be moody with me," I said walking towards Melanie and Yasmin who are sat on the bench next to where Carl is.

"Where've you been?" Melanie asks.

"Just out," I say.

"Well I need some advice from you as Yasmin hasn't been help," she explains.

"Let me guess your boyfriend," I say, she smiles at me "what's he done or what isn't he doing?" I ask.

"Well I think he wants to do it and I don't," 

"Tell him that and if he doesn't understand that then dump him,"

"That's what I say," Yasmin said "but she doesn't want to dump him or something like that,"

"Wait haven't you only been together for about two weeks not even that?" I ask. She nods "well that's silly you don't even know him, just talk to him, he probably doesn't want to just yet you probably just got the wrong idea," I explain.

"True," she said and her phone starts ringing. She looks at it smiles and walks off while answering the phone. I look at Carl and he smiles at me.

"How annoyed do you think he is?" I ask.

"Probably a lot, he gets a bit paranoid when people lie to him," he explains.

"I'm going to talk about it to him because I wasn't doing anything he's probably thinking," I said and walk out of the gym in search of Logan. I look in the kitchen, games room and the indoor swimming pool and he isn't there. I sigh and walk up to his room, I walk in to see he isn't there either but I hear the shower going. I walk towards his bed and sit down on it and wait for him to come out.

After about ten minutes he walked out with a towel wrapped around him and a towel drying his hair. I smile a little as I look him up and down.

"What's wrong?" he asks.

"Well I want to tell my boyfriend why I lied and where I've been and why," I explain leaning back on his bed on my elbows. He smirks a little and walks to his underwear draw. I watch him put his boxers on under his towel and then take his towel off.

"You've been with Brendan I'm guessing," he states rather than asks.

"No," I said frowning. He turns and looks at me "I'm telling you the truth," I say.

"So why lie to me, I don't understand why you've lied to me," he said and walks towards me. I sigh and move my hands over my face. I hear movement and then feel him sit next to me.

"Just tell me Megan," he says. 

"I went to go see Jonathon," I said quietly

"What?" he asks.

"I went to go see my father and the reason why I didn't tell you is because I knew exactly what you would said and what you would do and I felt I needed to go," I said and look at him. He's wearing his jeans now looking into space.

"Who did you go with?" he asks

"No one I went on my own," I say.

"So why is it that Brendan went out the same time as you?" he asks.

"That's just a coincidence but I swear I went on my own,"

"Why would you even go anyway what possessed you to think that you needed to go?" he asks raising his voice a little.

"To move on to feel better I don't know, I just did," I say. He stands and walks out of his room, I sigh and look down at my lap. He then walks back in and stands in front of me.

"So why not just tell me? Why not allow me to come with you? What made you feel like you couldn't come to me about this? Because you'd obviously been thinking about it," he asks. I shrug "I'm going sleeping at my aunt and uncles tonight," he said and walks out.

"Logan wait," I said going out after him "I'm sorry I am but I needed to go,"

"Yeah and so do I, I need to get away from someone that doesn't seem to trust me," he snaps and walks down the stairs. He grabbed his car keys and pulled on his DC's and then walks out. I sigh and sit at the top of the stairs moving my hands over my face, I hear footsteps and then feel an arm go around me.

"Do you want to tell me what's happened?" Carl asks me. I look at him and shake my head "ok then it's up to you what you do,"

"Can I tell you later?" I ask he nods "I'm going to try and get some sleep," I said and stand and walk to my bedroom.

-----

"You sent me the Valentines card?" I ask my eyes wide. He nods "but why?"

"Because I like you, why else?" he asks.

"And Logan knows," I said to myself "that's why he's being off with you," I said and look at him "Carl this is bad," I say.

"It's not that bad, I liked Stephanie as well but he knew her first and well he didn't mess up as much as he has with you," he explains and looks at me. He moves a bit of my hair and then smiles "He makes one more mistake and I'm done hiding my feelings," he says. 

"Hmm," I said and look down. "Well he doesn't think I trust him now so he can make as many mistakes as he wants,"

"No he can't,"

"And you can't say what you've just said, you're pretty much saying mess up with your girlfriend and she's mine, which isn't right you can't say that to him," I explain and look back at him. He sighs and stands off my bed. 

"You should get some more sleep, I'll see you in the morning, night night gorgeous" he says and walks out of my room. I sigh and lay back on my bed. 

I just hoped Logan would be home tomorrow in a better mood and in a more understanding mood. I understood why he was angry with me, I had lied to him and given the impression that I didn't trust him.

**Logan**

I finish off the beer in my hand and look around for the bartender. I had been here for about an hour and half. I had come with James and Scott. James had just broken up with his girlfriend which meant he was just looking to get laid and Scott was with him so he didn't look like a loner. I wasn't drunk and I wasn't aiming to get drunk but I needed to think, I need to think about what she said and what she meant. The only thing I don't understand is why she went to see him in the first place; it's weird to want to go see your abuser. That's like a cat wanting to visit the dog that bit its leg off. 

A bartender places a beer in front of me. I frown and look at it then at the bartender. He points to a blonde woman at the other side of the bar. She was dressed in a low cut leopard print top and tight skirt. I sigh and take the beer and give her a little nod to said thanks and look at my phone. For the past half hour I had debated on calling Megan and getting some sense out of her.

"Who's Megan?" I hear someone said in my ear and by the blonde hair that had fallen over my shoulder I knew it was the blonde that had sent me the drink.

"My girlfriend,"

"Where is she?" she asks now moving next to me and resting on her elbows against the bar.

"At home we had an argument," I say.

"Hmm so does that mean there's no more girlfriend?" she asks I shrug and look at her "hmm here's how I see it if there was and you love this girlfriend of yours you'd be at home sorting everything out with her unless she's done something unforgivable," she paused "so what has she done?" she asks sitting on the buffet and crossing her left over her right. 

"She lied to me then told me the truth that I think is actually a lie,"

"Oh ok then," she said "it may be the truth, what do you think the truth is?" she asks

"That she met up with this guy that I hate," 

"And cheated on you?" she asks.

"Yes," I pause "I don't know, what would you class as cheating?"

"Everything after a kiss," she said "hmm you seem to be getting more and more depressed lets change the subject and get a few drinks and cheer you up," she says.

A few hours pass and I admit now I'm a bit drunk because the blonde had made me take several shots. This girl I had told her things I hadn't told Megan. I was telling this girl mostly because I was drunk. 

"Do you fancy getting out of here?" she asks. I look at her and stagger towards her and move my arms around her. She smirks and moves her hands around my neck. I lean in and crash my lips onto hers tasting her cherry flavoured lip.

###chapter 63

**Megan**

I wake and look around hoping Logan would be next to me but he isn't. I sigh and climb out of bed and walk into my bathroom to get a quick shower and then get change into some bottoms and a vest top. Walking down the stairs I see Carl sat watching TV. He looks at me and gives me a smile and I softly smile at him and walk into the kitchen to make a drink.

"Logan's on his way home," Carl shouts to me "he said he needs to talk to you when he comes in, straight away. He has to tell you something," he says. I walk in and sit down on the other couch 

"What does he want to tell me?" I ask.

"I don't know," he said "did you sleep well?"

"No really," I said and look at my phone to see Logan hadn't text or rang me was he really that angry he wouldn't even bother to text or ring me. I had a feeling that what he wanted to talk to me about I would not like at all. Something bad and horrible that will probably hurt me. 

"Don't worry he probably just wants to tell you how sorry he is and that he wants to know fully why you went to go see your father," he explains. 

"Yeah you're right," I said and finish off my juice. 

An hour passes until Logan's home. He walked straight into the lounge and asked me to come upstairs. He had also kicked Carl out of the house with Max so it was just me and him. We were sat on my bed and he has his head in hands and muttered a few words to me but hasn't said anything since. It was obviously something bad or he wouldn't be like this with me. Then it came to me, he was going to break up with me I could see it, he had come to his senses that this relationship couldn't work because of the fact he's my teacher.

"A...Are you breaking up with me?" I ask .

"What! No!" he said quickly. I nod showing I understood "Never," he says.

"Ok," I said "so what is it? Did you kill someone? Get into a fight? Or all of the above?" I ask.

"Right now I wish I had," he said under his breath.

"Urm ok," I said confused.

"I didn't sleep at my aunt and uncles last night," he says. I nod showing I understand "I just want you to know before I tell you that I'm so sorry and I never intended to do what I've done or intend to hurt you," he says. I gulp down the scared lump in my throat and I watch him gulp too "I went out with a few of the lads and I had a bit to drink and I met this girl and I kissed her and then we ended at hers and..." he trails off as he looks at me. "I'm so sorry and I know alcohol is no excuse and I'm not using it as an excuse,"

"What happened?" I ask knowing full well what happened by the look on his face.

"I slept with her," he says. I stand and walk into my bathroom and shut and lock the door behind me.

----

The feeling of the cold floor now feels warm. My bum hand gone numb but what would I expect I had been sat in here for a about an hour and half. As soon ashe said those four words, my mind went blank, I didn't know what to said to him or do, I just wanted to be away from him. He was still in my room I heard him moving about and every now and then he talks to me. My mind had tried to come up for reasons as to why this was happening and what I could do. All it came up with was that it was my own doing, if I had told him about me wanting to see my father none of this would have happened. 

"Megan please come out," he begs. I had looked under the door to see he was now sat against the door which was exactly what I was doing. "Please," he adds and I sigh. "Ok," he sighs after a few minutes "can you just at least said something so I know you're ok?" he asks. 

What did he think I was going to do? My mind was like a fresh piece of paper completely blank I wasn't planning anything, I wasn't thinking of anything, I'm not even doing anything.

"I'm so sorry, I wish I could go back in time and slap myself for even thinking about going out in the first place," he says.

Then when he finishes that sentence I hear a door slam and Carl shouting if anyone is in. Logan doesn't answer him and neither do I. I hear my bedroom door open and I slowly press my ear to my bathroom door to listen.

"What's happened?" he asks.

"Nothing," Logan lies.

"Logan just tell me what's happened. Where's Megan?"

"I went out last night and cheated on her and now she's locked herself in the bathroom," he said and I sigh. 

I didn't want to be here, I wanted to be as far away as I could, this had to be a dream even hearing him said it to someone else hurt me. I had never felt pain like this, it was worse than any physical pain I had endured over the past two years. Why did he even have to tell me? Couldn't he just not said anything and not cause me this pain? He must enjoy it in order to do it.

"You did what? Why would you do that? Did you lose half of your brain in the last forty hours? You're unbelievable no wonder she's locked herself in the goddamn bathroom. You've really screwed up and lucky if she does take you back," 

"Don't you think I know that," Logan snapped at him. "But hey it'll be all good for you right?" Logan said sarcastically. I sigh and bring my knees up to my chest

"I've been waiting for this, go on start with the threats," Carl snaps

"Just get out will you, I really can't be bothered with you,"

I sigh and run my hands through my hair.

"You never cheated on Stephanie and you never would have," Carl said "what makes Megan different? You need to ask yourself that," and then I hear a door slam.  

My eyes water and tears fall it seems my brain had only just now registered what he had done and just how much it hurt. I bury my head into my knees and wrap my arms around myself and cry. My body hurt as I cried, I couldn't forgive him for this, it hurt like hell and it was because of him. Because he couldn't just put with having an argument with me he had to also put me in pain. If I did forgive him what would happen when we next have an argument if he's gone and done this on our first real argument? 

I wipe my eyes and take out my phone to text Carl.

###chapter 64

**Logan**

I watch Carl leave and slowly move my head into my hands. He was right I had never cheated on anyone and the thought of ever having another woman never came into my mind when I was with Stephanie not once and it hasn't with Megan.

"Megan, please just said something, I'm so sorry, I never meant for any of this to happen, I was just so angry at the fact you didn't trust me and I thought to myself last night how can we be together if you don't trust me," I explain "I care about you so much Megan that I can't even understand why I've done what I've done," I sigh when I get no reply and then the bedroom door opens. I look to see Carl I sigh and look away from him.

"She wants you to leave," he said and I frown. He holds out his phone and I stand while taking it. I look down at it to see a text message from Megan asking him to tell me to leave. 

"Ok," I said and hand him his phone, "I'll wait outside," I said and walk out shutting the door. It was obvious now what her decision was with our relationship and I couldn't blame her. She most likely heard mine and Carl's argument which probably just pushed her decision more. I sigh and lean against the wall, this was probably the most scared I have ever been in my life.

-

**Megan**

"Megan he's gone," I hear Carl say. I sigh in relief and stand while wiping my cheeks. I then slowly unlock the door and open it to see Carl stood waiting for me. "Come here," he said holding his arms out. I walk over to him and let him wrap his arms around me. 

"I don't know what to do," I cry. He rubs my back and holds me tightly to him.

"To be honest Megan I don't think you should make a decision straight away, think about it for a few days," he said and I slowly pull back. "I can tell he's sorry though,"

"But he's never done that to anyone else, which asks the question why cheat on me?" I ask.

"I know," he said and sits on my bed. I sit next to him.

"There's obvious someone up there who really doesn't like me," I said quietly. He laughs "Maybe it's because I haven't slept with him yet and he was sexually frustrated,"

"Don't be stupid," Carl says.

"Well I can't really think of any other reason," I said and move my head into my hands.

"Well if this is any help when he gets drunk or mixes his drinks he gets very horny, I've lost count on how many chances I've had to get him into bed because of it," he explains.

"Yeah so basically if I don't want him to cheat on me again I have to be around him every time he gets drunk or mixes his drinks," I state.

"No well...I don't know it would depend if the person he's around instigates," he states "for all you know the girl made a pass at him first,"

"Carl," I said and look at him "so you're saying it's ok for him to cheat if the girl threw herself at him first?" I ask. He sighs and shakes his head. "Thank you, you're really not helping by the way," I say.

"I know I'm sorry," 

"I'm going to sleep because I really don't want to see him or even think about him," I said climbing into bed.

"Ok, I'll tell him," Carl said and walks out of my room. 

---

I stand outside her door, Carl had told me she wanted some sleep. It was now nearly midnight and I just wanted to talk to her. She was most likely going to be awake because she can't always sleep which in a way works to my advantage right now. 

Opening her door I come face to face with an empty bed. I sigh and look at Carl. 

"She's not in here,"

"Yeah I heard her sneak out a while ago,"

"And you didn't tell me because?" I ask.

"Because it would have caused you to go get her and caused another argument with her, she obviously needs physical as well as mental space from you at the moment," he said folding his arms and leaning against the wall.

"Where do you think she' gone?" 

"To Melanie's," he said "she has two people there who she can talk to about this and she'll most likely talk to both," 

"Great," I said and sit on her bed. He looks at me and I move my head into my hands. This could mean that she may not ever talk to me about this because let's face it Brendan could just tell her to not ever go near me. 

"It's your own fault you know," he says. I sigh and look at him.

"So when did you start to have feelings for her?" I ask.

"To said I kissed her way before you did I'd said before" you did," he says. I look at him "Plus she slept in my bed before yours and I've seen her half naked," he said with a small smirk on his face which just makes me want to rip his face right off. "Sorry," he said and looks down obviously seeing how angry that made me, "look I didn't have the feelings you have for her until a few week ago, so I'm going to keep my distance ok. I'm not going to start chatting up your girl right in front of you or behind your back but mess up with her again and well don't think I'm just going to sit and watch, if I see a chance I'll take it," he said to me and I expected nothing more for him to say. I wasn't going to stop being his friends because of his feelings. As they said you have no control over who you fall in love with.

"Ok," is all I said to him, because I won't be letting him get a chance that is if she gives me another chance? "Shall I call her?" I ask him.

"No give her space, she'll most likely be back tomorrow," he said "just get some sleep and think about everything in the morning," he says. I nod and lay down.

---

"What a douche," Melanie said as she looks at me. Brendan sighs and looks at me too "You're not going to forgive him are you?" Melanie asks. I shrug at her question and look down "You can't he didn't just kiss some random girl he slept with her too," 

"I know, but he is sorry I can tell and well it didn't mean anything," I said and she sighs in frustration at me.

"She doesn't have to choose what she's going to do right this second Mel," Brendan said looking at her. I smile a little and move my hands through my hair I had told them both everything which led to Melanie's anger towards Logan. Brendan on the other hand seemed to be thinking it through and staying calm.

"Fine," Melanie said and looks away "we could go to a party," she said suddenly. I look at her "Cade's having a party he was suppose to meet up with me but he rememberedhe said yes to having the dorm party or something sohe said I could come if I wanted," she explains.

"Cool," I said and look at her "when is it?" I ask

"It starts at seven," she says.

"Ok," I then look at Brendan to see him looking like he was in his own world. "Bren, Bren," I said moving my hand in front of his face.

"Sorry, I was thinking, I think," he said frowning. I smile and look away from him he was most likely in his own world. He has these moments where he just stares into space it's a lot o the time actually it's quite worrying.

"Can Brendan come so I'm not on my own when you go off with Cade?" I ask. She nods and rolls her eyes as she stands and walks off into her bathroom. "She's annoyed at me," I said to Brendan. She had become super defensive of me and I loved it but also hated it. 

"Yes she is but it's only because she cares," he said and I sigh and watch him stand "you want to come and play on the Xbox with me?" he asks.

"Might as well," I said and follow him out of Melanie's room to his room. 


###chapter 65
**Megan**

We were at this party and it seemed to drag. We've been here for about two hours now and all I wanted to do was go home but I couldn't because of Melanie. I had watched Brendan give Cade the talk about if he hurt his sister he'd be a dead man and if he tried to get further than first base with her he'd cut his hands off or something. About two guys came to talk to me and Brendan kindly told them where to go.

"I'm going out for some air," I said to Brendan and get up and walk out of the room. He follows me out and doesn't say anything until we're fully outside.

"Megan," he said, grabbing my arm. I turn and look at him, he sighs and hugs me, I move my arms around him and let him hold me.

"I feel like I should cheat on him or something to get back at him to feel better," I say.

"Yes but if you do it'll just make things worse," he pauses and rubs my back "you don't want that," 

"I know, I'm just so angry," I said, frowning and doing the same did seem like a really good idea because I know how angry he'd get and then he'd feel the pain I'm feeling.

"If this is you angry I'd hate to see you absolutely livid," he says. I smile a little "I'm serious you seem calm obviously upset but calm as well," 

"Well it's not going to get me anywhere if I go off on one about it is it," I state.

"That's true it won't," he said and pulls away "stop thinking about what's happened and just have fun,"

"I can't, I just want to be on my own for a bit," I said and pull away from him fully "I'll be fine," I said and turn to walk to a bench.

"I'll get you a drink and then leave you for a bit," he said and walks off returning five minutes later with a bottle of Vodka for me with fruit fizz added to it. I smile and watch him walk off back to the party but looking back at me before going inside. I take a sip from the bottle and it wasn't strong but it wasn't weak either so I wasn't going to get completely hammered maybe between tipsy and drunk.

Hours had passed before I had realised just how long I had been out here for. I wasn't even cold; Brendan had come out a few times to check on me and sat with me for a few minutes before walking back into the party. He wasn't drinking because he was mine and Melanie's ride home which was good because I was pretty much drunk now and from what he had told me so was Melanie.

I hold the phone to my ear waiting for him to answer, I couldn't even remember dialling his number, I remember thinking about it but here I was ringing him waiting for him to answer. 

"Megan," I hear Brendan say. I look to see he has Melanie with him who didn't seem able to stand straight. 

"I'm just calling him,"

"Why?" Melanie said frowning. I sigh and look away from her covering my eyes as I still wait for him to answer. It then goes to voicemail. I frown down at my phone and put the phone down. "The douche doesn't even answer probably out doing other random girls he won't know the name of," Melanie slurs. I frown and I can feel myself want to throw my phone at her head and it seems Brendan sees my frustration with her ad he takes her towards the car. He makes her lay in the back seat and then walks towards me.

"You can't talk to him now," he said taking my phone from me "you're drunk and you just won't be able to make sense of anything," 

"But I want to shout and scream at him," I said sadly. Maybe Melanie was right, maybe he was doing that and forgetting about me because he obviously forgot about me last night when he was holding another girl.

"Yes and doing it down the phone in the middle of the night isn't going to solve anything. I know it seems logical right now and something you have the biggest urge to do but I'm saving you from more trouble by stopping you," he explains to me. I sigh and he hugs me tightly.

"I hate him," I said quietly and he just sighs. He pulls me to my feet and takes me to the car so we can go home.

Getting drunk was probably the worst thing for me to do because I was up all night crying keeping Brendan awake which I felt really bad about. This morning wasn't exactly great either because I felt like crap and looked it. I had already thrown up three times and now I was laid in Brendan's bed in my underwear because I was overheating. He had only just got to sleep and it was about half nine in the morning. So I didn't blame him for finally falling asleep on me. 

----

I walk into the kitchen and smile at Melanie's dad and mom. They give me a smile back and I sit down at the island counter with them. I look around to see if Melanie was up at all and it seemed she wasn't. "Am I the first one up?" I ask.

"No Melanie came down not long ago and then went back up to her bedroom," Melanie's mom said to me. I sigh and look down "Are you ok?" she asks I nod and get up.

"I'm going to go and see Melanie," I said quietly and walk out of the kitchen and up to Melanie's room. I knock on her door and then open it to see her sat with a bowl of cereal watching TV. "Hey," I said and sit down next to her "are you ok?"

"Yep you?" she asks.

"Yeah a little bit tired though,"

"Hmm I would be too after sleeping with my best friend's brother" she said still not looking at me.

"What?" I ask "I haven't slept with Brendan I slept in his bed if that's what you mean but it's obvious that isn't what you mean," 

"I'm not stupid Megan, you were drunk and upset and you go off to sleep in his room it's not hard to put two and two together," she explains.

"But I didn't, I wouldn't and he wouldn't and it's just stupid for me to do that when Logan," I explain.

"Yeah who cheated on you," she said now looking at me and I feel a jolt of pain when she said that.

"Why would I do that to you?" I ask "and I'm not even ready,"

"Oh please you're very far from being a virgin Megan," she snaps and I look down.

"Ok so that makes me a slag, thanks," I said and walk out of her room. I take a deep breath and walk into Brendan's room. I sit on his bed and look at him, a growl escapes me and I push him off his bed.

"Whoa what?" he said and sits up his hair sticking out all over the place and blinking a few times. He looks at me and tilts his head completely confused as to why I had pushed him off his own bed. "Why did you just do that?"

"I didn't do anything," I said acting oblivious to it "you rolled over and smack," I said clapping my hands when I said 'smack'.

"No you pushed me off my bed," he states.

"No I didn't, you fell off it yourself," I said putting on my straightest face. He frowns and looks around, I smirk a little as he believed me. I then get rid of the smirk as he looks at me.

"I haven't done that since I was young though," he states. I shrug and he frowns more as he stands and gets back into bed and lays his head on the pillows.

"Your sister thinks we slept together," I state. He opens his eyes and looks at me "because I'm very far from a virgin it's obvious I slept with you last night you know because that's what I do now that my father has taken my virginity," I said sarcastically.

"Is that what she sais?" he asks. I nod and he sighs and pulls me down to him "ignore her,"

"Yeah I ignored her and then she says something to Logan. I don't think so," I sigh and hold my head in my hands. "This is so annoying," I said and feel him pull me down to him. This is all I needed, my friend turning on me.

"Forget about it honestly she's probably regretting what she's just said right now," he said "just relax for once," he orders and moves an arm around me "I for one could do with an extra six hours sleep, if you can't, watch a movie and forget about the drama for today," 

"Ok," I said and lay next to him "And I did push you,"

"Thank you I'm very thankful for that, I love the bruise you've given me," he said with his eyes closed. I smile and lay next to him, he was like the best friend in the world sometimes.


###chapter 66
**Logan**

It had been about four days since I had seen Megan or even spoke to her. She wasn't turning up at school and I had people asking me where she was, I had to lie to the school and to her psychologist and tell them she was ill. Her grandfather had even phoned me to ask what was wrong with her, I had managed to talk him out of coming to see her telling him I had everything under control but there was no way in hell I would call this under control. She had tried to call me late on Saturday but I couldn't talk to her. I didn't want to have an argument with her over the phone about this because we were most likely not going to sort it out over the phone. 

I had heard from Melanie she was staying with them mostly Brendan because she had apparently upset her without meaning to. Melanie had also took great joy in having ago at me the first moment she got along with Julie. Yasmin on the other-hand had told me where I may find them as they apparently went there a lot and also just told me what she thought on the whole situation. She didn't find me to be a douche like Melanie and Julie she said I was stupid but it was both mine and Megan's fault as we weren't talking to each other enough so we were both to blame. I swear that girl was a very wise old woman in a teenager's body. 

She also told me it was my move, that I had to be the one to make the next move and convince Megan why she should forgive me. 

The night air was cold tonight so why they were here I didn't know. I close my car door and look down at the beach; I look around when I see them. She's sat on top of him on his lap and they're sharing a bottle of what I can tell is either rum or vodka. I take a deep breath and walk towards the steps that lead me onto the beach.

"If I ever do finish high school we should totally go travelling like Europe," she said drunkenly.

"Yeah, I'm not fond of flying," he says.

"You big girl," she said giggling. I smile, I love her giggle it's so contagious and beautifully naughty sounding.

"You could come with me," I said catching their attention. She looks and so does he, I give her a small smile and watch her climb off him "Can we talk?" I ask. 

She nods and stands staggering a little and handing Brendan the bottle. I smile and hold out my hand, she slowly takes it and I walk with her back up to the car with her. She sits on the wall and I look past her down at Brendan to see him standing and walking off.

"It's not what it looks like," she said "I haven't done anything with him, I was cold and yeah," she explains.

"It's ok I'm not bothered," I said and I wasn't "Right now all I'm bothered about is me and you," I explain and look at her.

"Really I find that hard to believe, especially when you broke his arm over me," she said and looks away from me.

"I...that was stupid of me I know, the old me mostly and I'm sorry for that,"

"It's not me you should be saying sorry to for that," she said and looks forward. I sigh and move in front of her, she looks away from me.

"I'm so sorry for what I've done, I wish I could rewind and slap myself silly," I said and move my hands onto her shoulders.

"Please don't touch me," she said, shrugging my hands off her. She crosses her legs and looks down at the beach. 

"He's gone," I say.

"Probably back to the party not far from here," she says. Silence stretches between us.

"Please come back," I say "I'm so sorry, I don't even know what I was thinking, I just know that on that night I felt like you didn't trust me enough to tell me you wanted to see your father," I explain.

"You're blaming me for this?" she asks and I see the tear go down her cheek as she looks at me "I went to go see my father so that I could move on with you and get over these stupid fears I have," she snaps. I frown and she looks down at her lap "I wanted to be able to have you touch me without getting scared or so nervous that I panic and just be able to have you hold me the way you want to," she explains and I sigh a little. 

"Megan none of that matters,"

"Oh really, if it didn't matter so much why did you go out and sleep with another woman after having a very small argument with me?" she asks

"That meant nothing and it wasn't based around sex,"

"So, what? It was a spare of the moment thing?"

"Yeah that's all it was, it wasn't planned and wasn't in my mind when I was having a drink with her,"

"Do you even know the girls name?" she asks. I shake my head and she sighs and looks down at her lap. I sigh too and move my hand to under her chin and turn her to look at me. "I don't know what to do," she said and looks down. 

I slowly lean in and softly press my lips to hers. She doesn't kiss me back, I pull back and try again this time I feel her lips move against mine. Moving my hands to her hips I feel her pull on my shirt and move both of her hands up to my neck. I pull her closer to me and she unfolds her legs and I press her body to mine. She then pulls away and I kiss her forehead as she looks down.
"Stop it," she says, "I'm supposed to be angry with you, and you've really hurt me Logan," she said and I take a deep breath.

"I know and all I can said is how sorry I am, I don't know any other way I can make it up to you," I pause and move my hands through her hair "I wish I did honest I do but I don't, I could buy you a load of things but I know that won't do anything, it isn't going to make you forget what I've done or forgive," I explain and hold her close. She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes.

"Maybe we should take a break," she said and I feel everything stop. Was she serious? She couldn't be "It just seems for the best because I can't do this, I can't keep having arguments with you over things like trust because I have no trust for a lot of people," she explains "I have only just recently built trust with you and look what's happened, it may not be the amount of trust you want but it was there plus now it's going to be difficult for me to get over this and trust you again if I can trust you" she says.

"I know it was and I know it will take a long time and I'm willing to do anything to help you trust me again," I said and she shakes her head through everything, "Ok," I said in a sigh "how about you tell me why you didn't tell me?" I ask.

"Because I didn't want us to argue over it, because I wanted to be able to do it on my own, because I thought you would get angry and demand to know why and stop me from going," 

"Exactly you thought and that's what's got us here we're just assuming things we're not talking to each other, we haven't got a connection, we had it I'm sure we did but we've lost it and we need to get it back," I said hoping she will change her mind "please don't give up on us,"

"It's just a break Logan," she said "you can even sleep with as many girls as you want then," she said no

"You know it's nothing do with that and yeah a break that'll turn into a break up and I really don't want that," I explain "please I'm begging you Megan just give us one more chance and if I mess up again then I'll accept it even though it'll probably kill me I'll do what you want until you think you are ready to be with me,"

"If," she adds and I close my eyes.

"Yes if you want to be with me," I said and look her in the eyes "please Megan," I beg. A tear leaves her eye again and she looks down "Please," I beg "please Megan," and she's silent. I close my eyes and move my hands up to her neck "Ok," I said giving up. She had obviously made her mind up about us and wasn't going to change her mind.

"Promise you won't hurt me like this again," she said suddenly and I look at her.

"I promise," I said quickly

"Ok," she said and leans in to kiss me "please don't break it," she said and kisses me.

"I won't, I swear on your life I won't break it," I said picking her up and moving her to the car. I slowly let her down and kiss her while opening the car door for her. I pull back and move hair out of her eyes "get in so I can take you home," I say. She smiles a little and gets in the car and I shut the door and walk around to get in next to her. 


###chapter 67
**Megan**

I look at Logan as I lay opposite him in bed. He was fast asleep, his arms tightly wrapped around me. I was so closed I could feel his breath on my face. I sigh a little and turn to climb out of my bed.

Staying in bed with him just seemed impossible to do. We came home and came straight up here and now I can't sleep, I have been sat watching him for about two hours and I still have the urge to beat him up for what he's done or hurting him. I wonder if he really did know how much he's hurt me, he looked like he did when he was begging me to take him back.

I walk out of my room down to the living room and lie on the couch and wrap a blanket around me. I then feel someone watching me. I sit up and look around to see Carl stood at the kitchen doorway.

"Hey beautiful," he says. I sigh and lay back. He walks over to me and sits on the coffee table "you do know there are bedrooms in this place you can sleep in," he states. I nod and look at him. "What's wrong? Tell me," he says. I sigh and sit up and he sits next to me.

"I feel like I made a mistake forgiving him," I said and look at Carl. He sighs and looks up at the ceiling.

"Hmm well honestly I can't tell you what to feel," he said and looks at me "but what I can tell you is that this scared him, I watched him while you were gone and he was all over, I think tonight is probably the first night he's slept," he said and gets comfy.

"But he'll do it again,"

"I don't think he will, he's never cheated before and he was genuinely scared that he'd lose you for it," he pauses "plus believe or not you bring the best out of him," 

"What his cheating side and arm breaking jealous side?" I ask. 

"Brendan told you about that?" he asks.

"Yep which I am not happy about what makes him think that I want someone who is violent in my life,"

"He did warn Brendan if that helps," Carl states.

"No it doesn't," I sigh and bring my legs up to my chest and slowly start to cry "he makes me so angry," He laughs and hugs me.

"That honestly is the old him, he's not like that, he is actually quite a sensitive person he just has a dark rebellious side," he pauses and smirks to himself "which is quite hot," he said and I laugh a little and he laughs.
He smiles and moves a bit of hair out of my face "he's lucky that you've forgiven him, he knows it's his last chance," he said and I look down.

"Yeah my friends think I shouldn't forgive him that I should just forget all about him because as the saying goes 'once a cheat always a cheat' they stand by that a lot," I explain and he laughs.

"Well friends have that impact, but it's only you who can decide after all it's your life not anybody else's," he said and I smile at him.

"Yeah I guess," I pause and look at him "thanks," I said and give him a hug. I pull back and without any warning I feel his lips on mine. My eyes widen and I push him back "what are you doing?" I ask.

"I just urm," he starts and I stand up and start to walk out of the room "no Megan wait," he said and grabs my arm. "I'm sorry," he says

"You tell me all this stuff and then you kiss me what the hell Carl, in case you hadn't noticed my boyfriend is your best friend and he's upstairs," I explain.

"You want me to tell you the truth. He doesn't deserve you not after what he's done and after what he's hiding," he snaps. I frown and he stands straight.

"What's he hiding?" I ask.

"Nothing," he said "just forget I said anything," I frown and walk forward.

"Tell me what you mean," 

"It's nothing, it's nothing even bad he's just not comfortable telling anyone because of the promise he made, just leave it ok, he'll tell you soon just at the moment he's scared to," I sigh and stand straight.

"I'm telling him you kissed me," I say. He groans as he looks at me "well it's your own fault I'm not going to keep things from him not anymore after what my last secret led to," I said and walk off. I walk back into my bedroom and shut the door quietly behind being careful not to wake Logan. I  then climb into my bed next to him and wrap his arms around me so I'm back facing him.

"Are you ok?" he asks.

"Yeah," I said and he holds me more comfortably. "Carl just tried to kiss me," I say.  He reaches over and turns the lamp on and then looks at me "Don't be mad," I said and he smiles a little and turns the lamp back off. He then leans in to kiss me.

"Can we sleep now?" he asks. I nod and he lays back down. "Cool," he said and kisses my forehead. I smile to myself and nuzzle into him.

---

Logan's hands startle me a little as they touch my hips. I look just to make sure it's him and it is. They move round to my belly as he kisses me neck. I sigh a little and look down at my tablets. I felt really uncomfortable with him holding me, I had never felt really uncomfortable with him but right now I did. It was bound to go away, I was mostly only feeling uncomfortable because of my nightmares. That was understandable though wasn't it?

"Are you going to have breakfast?" he asks, I shake my head and he sighs a little but doesn't push it any further "Ok," is all he said and takes his arms from around me. "I'm off to get ready," he said and walks out. I sigh and hold my head in my hands and rest on the counter. 

"Megan," I hear Carl say. I stand straight and look at him "I'm sorry about last night," he says.

"It's fine," I said and start to take my pills. And as I do Logan walks back in wearing a pale blue shirt that had the top two buttons undone and a tie around his neck untied. He wanted me to come to school today.

"Are you not going to get ready?" he asks.

"I don't think I'll go in," I said and he frowns a little "I'm not feeling well," I lie. Well technically I wasn't lying, I felt like running off a cliff that had lava pit at the bottom but he couldn't know that. 

"You look ok," he said and I sigh a little and look down at my pills. 

"It's more mentally," I said and he sighs a little.

"Ok," he said and goes to kiss me on the lips but I turn so he gets the cheek and he sighs. I look down, what did he expect from me? Shouldn't he be happy that I have let him near me and forgiven him for what he's done? Yes I had forgiven him but did it mean I had to act like it never happened as well?

"I'm off back to bed," I said and walk off up to my room. I shut and lock my bedroom door behind me and lay in my bed while looking through my phone. I hear the front door shut and his car pull out and then I hear another car which is Carls. I sigh to myself and place my phone next to my pillow and try to get some sleep.

A few hours pass and I'm laid in bed staring at the ceiling.  Hadn't slept, I couldn't sleep no matter how hard I tried a nightmare would start and I would wake myself up before it got right into it. Now I was just left with my thoughts, thoughts I hated; thoughts that made me angry and upset which made me even angrier to myself. 

I look at the clock at the side to see it was half twelve which meant Logan was on his lunch and he'd most likely call me. I wanted him to call me though I didn't know why when I was still angry with him for what he's done. I guess it was more to take my mind off of the things I'm thinking about that is making me low. I sigh as I take my phone and hold it above me waiting for it to vibrate and his name blink at me. 

After about ten minutes it hadn't happened and now my phone was now on my stomach. I sit up and look at the time to see it was 13:43pm I frown and look down at my phone but I had no missed calls and no messages.  This was just great I wanted him to ring and he doesn't what the hell is he doing.

'Fucking another girl' a voice in my head says. I sigh and place my phone on my dresser. He wasn't and I knew he wasn't it was probably my paranoia kicking in 'that blonde teacher that's always flirting with him' it said and I groan and move my head onto my lap with my hands round my head. 

"Just forget about it," I said out loud and try and think of something else but nothing works. I open my eyes and they land on my box. I sit straight and look at it. He wouldn't know if I did it now and did it in a place he wouldn't see. It would most likely make me feel better for a bit and stop me from thinking what I was thinking. 

I reach over and pick up my box and open it to see all my things still in it. I take my razor out and pull down my bottoms. This was one place he'd never see just because he would rather sleep with some stranger than me. I hold the blade at the inside of my right leg and take a deep breath and as I do I hear the slamming of a car door. I stand and look out of my window to see Logan walking up the steps. Nerves build up and I quickly start to put everything away. He'd be furious if he knew what I was going to do I know he would after all I was breaking a promise. I had promised him I'd talk to him before I did any of this again. 


###chapter 68
**Megan**

I climb into my bed and move the covers over me and pretend to be asleep. My bedroom door opens and I lay perfectly still as I feel him climb onto my bed and move his arms around me. 

"Are you playing truant?" I ask quietly.

"No, it's lunch and I have a free lesson now so I have about two hours to spend with you," he said "I thought I'd surprise you and come home rather than ringing you," he explains. 

"Oh ok," I said and look down and then sit up and look at him.

"Are you feeling better?" He asks me as I move my hands to his tie and loosen it.

"Do you want me to do anything?" he asks. 'Yes castrate yourself' I think to myself but slowly shake my head at him and he looks down a little "we can go see a movie," he says. 

"We can't you have a lesson at half two," I said and he looks down again as if I had just crushed his hopes "but we can watch a movie here," I said trying to make him feel like he wasn't useless 2but I've seen them all," I said and look down.

"How about we start on dinner you can help me then and then we'll slow cook it while I'm at work so that when I come back we can put it out and we'll invite some people round," he says. I nod a little "you don't want to,"

"No it's not that it's just who are we going to invite because the only people we can out of my friends in Julie and Yasmin and your friends always look at me weird I don't think they like me very much," I explain.

"Actually we can't invite Julie because she officially hates me and well they are weird and they don't hate you why would you think that?" he asks. 

"I don't know they're never around here and like I just figured that might be the reason why," I said and he sighs.

"It's not it's because one Carls not talking to James and two I haven't invited them round and three they don't always have time they're always working and as soon as they're done working they sleep or eat so they never have the energy," he says. I nod and look down "don't think that because well they don't know you and when they do they'll think you're amazing like I do," he said and kisses my forehead. 
I smile a little and move my hand to his hand "who gave you this," I said touching the plaited bracelet.

"My wife made me it, she was into making bracelets, I've actually got some of her old ones that she would wear,2 he said and I look down a little "do you want to see them?" he asks. I shake my head and he sighs.

"It's not that it's just they're yours for you to remember your wife by, me seeing them may tarnish those memories," I explain "and I don't want to do that,"

"No you wouldn't," 

"Honestly Logan I would. I mean I don't want anyone else touching this necklace of my mother's but me, Benjamin touched it and because of that I have memories of him with that necklace not letting me see it," I said and he smiles softly at me "I just want you to keep them as a memory of your wife and nobody else,"

"I understand," he said "thank you," he said and leans in to kiss me. He pushes forward causing me to go back a little. I move my hands to his chest unbuttoning his shirt a little, I feel one of his hands move under my top. I pull back from the kiss and look down.

"I can't do this," I said moving out from under him and move a hand through my hair as I stand and walk out of the room.  He follows me down to the kitchen and sits at the table. 

"Maybe we should go away for a while," he says. I look at him and frown "it's spring break next week maybe we should go away for it try and sort all this out because it's not helping," he said and stands and starts to walk towards me. "If you think about it we'll be able to talk and actually go out together," he explains and I look down.

"We can't because people will think there's something up,"

"Then we'll invite some other people to come with us and said it's so you can have some fun," he said and I look down.

"How do you expect me to spend a week with you when I can't stand being near you?" I ask and he sighs while looking down.

"I know but we can get through this and you know that," he said taking my hands "please and if at any point you want to call it quits we'll come back and do everything your way," he said and I sigh and look away from him. He was so forgivable and I could not stay mad at him no matter how hard I tried. I guess I could give it a chance. It may help being away from the city and being able to go out together. 
"Ok," I said and he smiles a little "we should start on dinner," I said and he moves closer to me.

"Can I have a kiss?" he asks moving his hands to my hips and stroking hip bones with his fingers. I nod and he presses his lips to mine. 

I move my arms around his neck as his arms wrap around my body lifting me up a little. He pulls back and I hug him he holds me tightly to him burying his head in my neck. He then pulls back and lets me down to my feet. I look down and turn and he slowly moves his arms around my waist and he rests his head on my shoulder.

"What are we making?" I ask and he hums.

"How about Mexican," he says.

"Yeah I like Mexican we can make burritos and tacos and sauces," I said with a small smile and he smiles too.

"Yeah," he said "if you can do all that," he adds.

"I can cook pretty well," I said and he smiles.

"We should go shopping or do you want me to do that on my way home?" he asks and I look down remembering how I felt when he hadn't rang me when I thought he would have and that I will probably forget about him going to the shops. "Megan," he said catching my attention and look at him.

"I think we should go together," I said and he nods. "I'll go get some clothes on," I said and walk off up to my room.

After about ten minutes I walk down the steps to see him sat waiting for me. He stands and turns to look at me. I stood in a pair on jeggings, a long shirt that went past my bum with a brown waist belt around me. He smiles and takes my hand as I walk down the remainder three steps. 

"What?" I said as he's still smiling.

"Nothing you just look good," he says.

"Shut up," I said walking past him towards the door. "I haven't even got make up on how can I look good," I said to myself but he hears as he laughs and follows me out of the house. "Are we taking the Porsche?" I ask. 

He nods and I follow him to it. "Wait how are we going to get the shopping into that?"

"The boot Megan and we're only getting a few bits not a lot," he said and I nod and walk climb in. I buckle up and he climbs in and reverses out onto the road and then moves his hand into mine. We finally get to the supermarket and he parks the car and takes my hand in his as we walk inside. I frown and look at him. "No one from school is going to be here," he said and moves his fingers between mine. I had to admit this felt good to be able to walk around holding hands to show people that we're a couple, that he was mine. 

Then the feeling was lost when he suddenly lets go. He starts to quicken his pace and walk in front of me. I frown and catch up. He picks up a basket and pretty much storms down one of the isles. Ok did he have a fear of the supermarket or something because at this moment he looked like he couldn't wait to get out of here?

"Logan?" I snap getting his attention.

"Sorry saw one of the teachers on the way out of here but he's gone now so..." he trails off and walks towards me and moves a hand into mine.

"Which one?"

"A history teacher, he must have been on the lunch run they take it in turns but yeah," he said and holds my hand gently and the feeling returns. I smile and we walk around the supermarket holding hands and for the first time in a while I feel like we were actually a couple. 

He pulls me close and kisses the top of my head as I read the back of a chilli sauce jar. He has his right arm around my waist while his left holds the basket with food in. His right hand moves from my right hip down to my bum and I look at him, he smiles at me and I roll my eyes at him and continue reading what's in the jar.

"Ok we'll get this one as well," I said and he holds the basket up to me. I place the jar in the basket and look at what we've got already. "All we need now is some tortilla chips," I said "you go get in line and I'll get them," I said and walk off. 

I walk to the isle the chips are on and take three different kinds and then walk towards the tills. I stop when I see him talking to a brunette woman. She's smaller than me but wearing heels which makes her look taller. 

I walk towards them slowly and I feel jealousy rise in me like never before. I've never gotten jealous over some girl from just looking at her but right at this moment I wanted to rip the girls face off. She touches his arm and he folds them, moving them away from her grasp.

"Yes I have a girlfriend," he said, causing her to pout at him. I frown and walk towards them and put the chips on the conveyor belt. Logan looks at me and smiles while moving towards me pulling me into a kiss. He then hugs me tightly.

"Who is she?" I ask in his ear.

"I have no idea," he said and moves his arm around me "meet my girlfriend," he said and she gives me a fake smile and turns to watch the checkout girl scan her items. I smile to myself a little bit and he kisses the top of my head. "What a bitch," he mutters and I laugh at him while playing with his loosened tie. 


###chapter 69
**Megan**

We get back home and start on making dinner. He had helped me with the chicken marinade and had even cut all the vegetables up. He had also tried to make his own dip in which he failed on and I found it hysterical and because of that I am now washing his very disgusting red dip out of my hair. He was now sitting in my bedroom waiting for me to finish.

"Hurry up Megan I have to go in like ten minutes," 

"Well my hair still smells of your disgusting dip," I said, biting my bottom lip waiting for him to retaliate.

"I will kindly wash your hair for you while you bathe," he said and I can hear him getting frustrated.

"I'm nearly done," I said and rinsed the remaining conditioner out of my hair. I then turn the shower off and wrap my towel around me and walk out into my room to see him laid on my bed. He looks at me and sits up. 

"Finally I thought you had drowned,"

"In a shower?" I ask.

"You can if you fall and hit your head and pass out, that's it you drown on a cm of water," he said and I laugh causing him to laugh and pull me to him by my towel. He leans up to kiss me, I turn my head so he gets my cheek. "What's wrong?" he asks.

"Every time we kiss I want more and you know my problem hasn't exactly gotten better," he nods and moves his hands from around me. "You should go," I said and he stands and kisses the top of my head.

"You need to take your medication," he said and makes me look at him, "you're amazing," he said moves his hands into mine as he walks away from me. 

"So are you when you want to be," I said with a small smile and he gives me a smile before shutting the door behind him. 

I sit on my bed and move my hands onto legs. I slowly lift the towel up to reveal the scratches on my thighs. They were just red, no blood although I had torn a bit of skin. I don't think Logan fully realises how big my problem is and how much it does actually affect me. I sigh and move the towel back over my legs and start to dry myself. I get dressed in a pair of bottoms and a vest top and lay back in bed. For some reason I just wanted to lay and not do anything like my body didn't have and energy to do anything but that and my mind wasn't in the right frame to even think of anything else but all the bad things. 

**Logan**

I look at Yasmin, Julie and Melanie all three of them sat on a stool in front of me. I had managed to get them to stay behind. Julie was highly reluctant, Melanie didn't have a choice and Yasmin wasn't that bothered.
"What are you all doing today?" I ask and they shrug. "Ok so I was wondering if you'd like to come round to see Megan for dinner?" I ask and Julie and Melanie sigh "I know you're not happy with me but the real reason why she didn't come in today is because she is really down and I thought having a small dinner party or something would cheer her up," I explain "and I know if I hadn't had done what I had done I wouldn't have to do this but I did and I'm trying to make up for it so will you?"

"I will gets me a chance to get away from home," Yasmin said and U frown a little at that "I have very pushy parents but if I said I'm going to see Megan they're like oh good go see her she needs  friend at the moment, it's weird really to hear my parents said something nice," she axplain and I smile a little. 

"Pushy parents are the worst," I said and look at Melanie and Julie.

"She hates me at the moment," Melanie said and I sigh about to said something "I pretty much called her a whore so that's why," she pauses "I'll come round so I can said sorry," she says

"Bring Brendan too," I said "I have to speak to him about something," 

"Urm okay," she said dragging out the 'a' with a bewildered look on her face. 

"Fine I'll go if they're going I don't want to seem like the bad friend but don't expect me to be nice to you just because she forgave you," Julie huffs "if you were my boyfriend I would have cut your manhood off," she adds. 

"Thank you and please don't share that idea with Megan,"

"I might just," she said and I sigh a little.

"Be round about 5," I said standing "my friends will be there too," I said and undo my tie "do any of you want a lift home?" I ask wanting them to said no. I wanted to get back to Megan and make sure she was ok. They shake their head "oh good," I said smiling and pick up my things

---

I walk into the house and drop my bag and take off my shoes. I make my way up to her room and walk in to see her laid in bed. She was sat staring at her phone. Her eyes land on me and a small smile creases on her face. She climbs out of bed and walks towards me and hugs me. I hug her back and kiss the top of her head. 

"What did I do to deserve this welcoming?" I ask.

"I missed you," she said and leans up to give me a kiss. I smile and kiss her back. She pulls at my tie making my closer to her. I pull back and move my hands around her waist. 

"I missed you too," I said smiling and look behind her to see her box was out and open. I look back at her "I invited Melanie, Yasmin and Julie round for dinner, they said they'd come and Melanie also told me you and her weren't talking because she'd called you something?" I ask showing I didn't quite understand.

"She accused me of sleeping with Brendan because I'm very far from a virgin," she said and looked down.

"Oh well she wants to say sorry to you, I also told her to invite Brendan so I can say sorry to him," I inform and she looks at me and smiles "what?" I ask.

"Nothing I just didn't think you would. I also didn't expect you to invite him," she said and moved her hands up my chest.

"Well I'm trying to make you happy and he's your friend so I have to try and get on with him. I don't have to like him though," I said and she smiles at me.

"Thank you," she said "I should probably check on the food I haven't checked on it yet," she tells me and walks out past me.

"I'll get a shower," I call to her as I walk towards her bed. 

I reach for her box and look inside to see there was nothing in it. My eyebrows furrow as I look down at it. I look around and then notice the bin. I stand and walk towards it looking down to see blooded tissues. This meant she had cut herself and broke her promise to me because she feels like she can't trust me enough anymore to tell me. There was no one to blame but me for this and if I want to stay with her I have to do everything I can to get her to trust me again. 



###chapter 70
**Logan**

Walking out of Megan's bathroom in my towel I see her back from downstairs and sat on her bed. She gives me a small smile as I sit on her bed and lay back moving my hand over my eyes. I feel her move and then her head on my chest.

"The food smells nice." I say

"Yeah I added some more sauce and turned the chicken over and turned it up a little," she said and I look at her and as I do she looks at me and smiles.

"I've got a cabin in Alaska, so we can go there if you like," I said moving my hand through her hair.

"Hmm isn't it cold there like all the time," she said and smiles.

"No but at this time of year it is," I pause "but if you think about it no one we know will be there so we could do this more," I said moving my hand into hers and moving my fingers between hers. 

"Yeah, that's true," she said "in public too," she smiles and moves on top of me. 

"I can pay for all of our flights too so no need to worry about that, I think things like this are like the good points of been a millionaire," 

"I really don't understand why you teach if you have that much money," she said looking down at me.

"Well I wanted to teach and I enjoy it and I don't want to live off of the money my parents earned, it's only there for things like this," I said and sit up. 

"So who's going to come with us?" she asks.

"Well Carl obviously he's like a child I can't leave him on his own for two weeks he'll feel left out," I said and she smiles "I was thinking of asking Melanie, Yasmin, Julie and Scott and probably Brendan depending on how I see him today," I said and she leans in and gives me a kiss. 

"Melanie may want her boyfriend to come," she said and I smile a little.

"I hope she doesn't not at her age,"

"Ew Logan really," she said looking away from me and I smirk and as I do she lets out a small chuckle "you can be so dirty minded sometimes," she said and moves her hands around my neck. 

"Ok her boyfriend can come too but they are not sharing bedrooms,"

"How many bedroom's is there for all of us to be sleeping?" she asks.

"Six, someone will have to share and of course we'd be sharing," I said and she looks down and nods "do you not want to share with me?" I ask confused, she shrugs and I frown at her she really did not know if she wanted to share with me. 

"It's just Melanie was really adamant on me breaking up with you and I just don't know if it'll be a good idea," she said and climbs off me.

"I'm off to get changed," I said and stand. It was my fault and I know that but it doesn't mean I can't feel a little hurt about it. I know it was just sharing a bed but it's the only time I get to hold her. I walk into my bedroom and shut my door, but I couldn't blame her I wouldn't want to share a bed with someone who had cheated on me. I should just be thankful enough that she has forgiven me. And I am.

**Megan**

Logan moves his arms around me as I plate up the food. Melanie, Yasmin, Julie, Carl and Scott are in the living room. Melanie had told me that Brendan had a few things to take care of and then he would be here. I'm proud of Logan for inviting him and he seemed ok when Melanie mentioned Brendan, which is rare because when I mention him he goes all cold and distant. 

"Do you want me to do anything?" Logan asks as he rests his head on my shoulder. 

"No I'm ok, you've done your part," I said and feel him kiss my neck. I move the salad and turn to look at him. "I'm sorry about earlier," I said and he frowns as I look into his blue eyes. 

"Oh, don't worry about it, I understand honestly," he said and moves his hands to cup my face. I smile and play with the bottom of his top.

"We should join them," I said and he nods while pressing his forehead to mine and skims his nose against mine. 

My eyes divert to his lips and for the first time in a while I'm craving him and wanting him to kiss me. I bite my bottom lip as he moves his hands down around my waist and pull me close to him. The feeling of his breath on my face sent a tingle down my spine and a smile crease on my face loving how close he is to me.  I tilt my head and our lips meet. 

His lips softly move against mine. I close my eyes and kiss him back. I feel him play with the ends of my hair as he licks my bottom lip. My mouth opens and his warm tongue caresses mine. We hadn't shared a kiss like this since I last stayed at Julie's. His grip tightens around me and I move my hands up around his neck and play with the hair at the nape of his neck and like always his hair is soft. I pull back and move onto my tip toes.
"I guess we can join them in a few minutes," I said causing him to smirk and kiss me. 

I pull on the collar of his shirt as I our kiss deepens and becomes more passionate. My fingers run through his hair pulling on it a little. Logan lifts me up and places me on the counter. His hands move up my skirt and I pull him by his t-shirt closer to my body. 

"Hey Megan," I hear Melanie said and I pull away from him and slide off the counter "sorry," she said looking at us. I gulp and wipe my mouth. She sighs and walks out of the kitchen. I am actually quite scared of Melanie just because her feelings matter to me and I don't ever want to lose her as a friend and if it meant me being with Logan would cause her not to be my friend anymore then I would not be with him. I just hoped it wouldn't come to that.

"She hates me,"

"Yes surprisingly more than she hated Tyler," I say.

"When you have a minute can we talk?" she asks from the outside the door.

"Yeah we can talk now," I said and move out of Logan's grasp. He grabs my hand and pulls me to him and kisses me. I giggle as he kisses me and move my hands to his head. "Finish what I'm doing," I snap and he smiles and nods.

"Ok," he said defeated and I turn and as I do he slaps my bum. I look at him to see him turned acting as if he didn't do anything.

"Pervert," I said and he turns I smile at him and stick my tongue out. 

I walk out of the kitchen to see Melanie stood waiting for me. She gives me a small smile and then looks down.

"Can we go to your room?" she asks. I nod and we walk to my room. I sit on my bed and she sits opposite me. "I'm sorry," she said and I look down "I didn't mean what I say, I was just in a bad mood and I'm sorry I took it out on you," 

"It's fine," I said and look down "we haven't exactly been best friends for a while and I want us to be friends again," I said and she smiles. "And I know you're not in the best of moods with Logan but he's trying really hard," I said "I can see that and I'm sure you can," 

"Yes but I'm not just going to forgive him like you have. He really hurt you and don't you think you've been through enough crap?" she asks.

"Maybe I'm made to go through all this to get something good,"

"Yeah because getting raped by your father and then having your boyfriend cheat on you with some skank means you're going to get something good out of it," she sarcastically tells me. I feel myself slowly start to cry.

"Well what am I supposed to think? Because that is all I can see from all of this, do you think I'm not angry and hurt at what he did? Because I am I still am," I cry.

"Yeah cause it looked like that when he had his tongue down your throat a minute ago," she pauses and looks away from me "I don't think he's good enough for you and you can stay with him but don't expect me to be nice to him, he does one more thing to hurt you and I will make sure your relationship never works," she growls and I can't find myself to be angry at her because I know why she's saying it.  She cares about me enough to do something that she knows will probably hurt me but be the best for me almost like a mother. 

"Ok," I said "will you tell them I'll be down in a few minutes," I said and wipe my eyes. She nods and climbs off my bed. She walks towards me and hugs me and then walks out of my room. I sit at the edge of my bed and run my hands through my hair and as I do my bedroom door opens again. I look to see Logan stood there.


###chapter 71
**Megan**

"What's wrong?" he asks, walking towards me and sitting next to me "babe," he said moving an arm around me and resting his hand on my leg.

"You understand how hard it was for me to forgive you? Don't you?" I ask.

"Yes," he said, frowning.

"Good because I can't forgive you if you hurt me like that again," I said and he nods "and please don't think I can forget what you've done just like that," I say.

"I know, I know it's going to take a while for you to trust me again with anything," he said and I look down. He kisses the top of my head and rests his head on my shoulder. "Come down when you're ready ok," he said and stands.

I take his hand and stand; he looks at me and smiles.

"I can't stay up here all day," I said and walk with him out of the room and as I walk down the stairs I see Carl opening the front door and stood there is Brendan. A smile goes across my face and I let go of Logan's hand and run down to him. I jump up and wrap my legs around him.

"Oh I've missed you too," he said in my ear hugging me back. I pull back and jump down to my feet. "Are you ok he asks?" I nod and he frowns and I shake my head causing him to sigh. I give him a small smile and hook my arm with his. We walk into the living room with Carl and Logan behind us. 

"Where've you been?" I ask him and he looks at me.

"I had to go to the doctors for a blood test," he said and I frown at him "it's nothing to worry about," he said and I look away from him. 

"That's good," I said and walk into the dining room "I'm going to go help Logan," I said and unhook my arm from his. 

Logan gives me a small smile as I walk into the kitchen and start to plate up the vegetables. My eyes slowly narrow on him as I watch him cut the chicken and place it on the wooden chopping board burning his fingers at the same time. I smile and place the bowl of mixed baked vegetables on the side. 

"Shit," I hear him say. I look to see he had burnt his fingers again and was now wiping them on the kitchen towel. I laugh and look away from him.

"Why don't you wait for it to cool?"

"Who wants to eat cold chicken? I know I don't, I only eat cold chicken if it's left over's," he said and continues to cut the chicken breasts and burn himself. 

"Pick it out with the bed of the knife, you won't burn yourself as much and it'll be quicker," I said and he turns to look at me. I roll my eyes and take the knife off him. I cut the breast up and then slide the knife underneath it and pick it up using my thumb and index finger to support it. 

"Sorry Jaime Oliver," he says.

"Who?" I ask.

"He's a chef in Britain does all that cheffy stuff," he said and I smirk a little.

"Well when you have had to cook dinner for a psychotic father you tend to pick up a few things," I said and I feel his hands move around me as I carry on doing his job. 

"Did he always make you cook?" he asks.

"Yeah, I had to cook his dinner and only his, I was pretty much only allowed into the kitchen at that time. I wasn't allowed to make myself anything. That is why when I was at yours I ask  you if you were serious about me making myself something because it had been a while since I had made myself something," I explain and feel him softly kiss my neck. "It wasn't that bad, until I started putting sleeping tablets in his food. He found out after a week though that's what made cooking bad after that because then I had to make dinner in front of him," I explain and Logan holds me tighter as if protectively. I smile to myself and kiss his cheek. 

"I'll do the vegetables then," he said and walks off. 

A few hours pass and we're sat in the games room. Yasmin, Julie, Scott and James had gone home so it was just me, Logan, Melanie, Brendan and Carl. Melanie was on the phone to her boyfriend, Brendan and Carl are playing Halo 3 and I'm sat on Logan's lap on my laptop. 

Logan leans over and looks at what I'm doing. I was on facebook. I rarely updated my facebook it was weird to see how much people had changed and how much people was obsessed with telling other people what they are doing. I mean really do I really want to know that you're boyfriend just did something that wasn't hilarious but you found hilarious. 

"Do you have facebook?" I ask Logan, he nods.

"I only go on it on my phone though I think I have about four friends," he says. I smirk a little and 

"You still haven't accepted me," Carl says. 

"Melanie that Laura has another boyfriend," I say.

"Yeah I know apparently it's some guy who was in college. He dropped out or something and apparently he's the one," she said and I smile "again, she's always saying that her boyfriends are the one it's annoying," Melanie said a little disgusted.

I look at Logan to see him on his phone. I kiss his neck causing him to look at me with a sceptical look. I smile and pout at him for a kiss. He leans in and pecks my lips and then looks back at his phone. What was so exciting on that phone of his?

"I have 169 friend requests," he said and I smirk a little. "I don't think I know 169 people," 

"Let me see," I said holding out my hand. He hands me his phone and I look through the friend requests to see some from our school. "Courtney's added you," I said and look at him. 

"What a shame for her, she has to be out of school for at least 5 years before I can accept that," 

"Really?" I ask.

"Yeah and for a teacher to date a student the student has to be out of education for 5 years unless they go to college then they have to have been out of that for two years and go to a college out of that state," he said and looks at me with a small smirk. "You are 5 years too young," he said and leans close to me.

"That's a little extreme," I said and his smirk stays as he moves my head to face him with his index finger under my chin. "I guess you're a naughty boy," I said quietly and he kisses me. I smile as I kiss him back feeling his smirk still there. He has one hell of a sexy smirk and he seemed to know it. 

My hands move up to the back of his neck and through his dark brown soft hair. I lift up my laptop and pull back. I place my laptop on the floor and lean in to him. His hand moves up my skirt as our kiss deepens. Our bodies press to each other becoming more intimate. 

"Can't you both go upstairs and do that?" I hear Carl say. I giggle and pull away, Logan doesn't though and leans back in.

"Yeah," Melanie said a little bitterly "go to your fricking room and frisk each other," she snaps. I pull back and sigh while shaking my head. Logan pulls back fully and looks at Melanie. 

"We don't want to go upstairs if you don't like it leave," I snap back and Logan looks at me.

"I need a drink," he said quickly and moves me up and stands. I sit back in the chair and watch him leave. I didn't understand why she was being a bitch. I had forgiven him and yeah I understand she was angry too but if she was a true friend she'd leave it be and just be there for me if it did all go wrong. 

"Me too," Brendan said walking out of the room too. I watch Melanie said bye to her boyfriend and then look at me.

"I'm off home then," she said and walks out of the room. I sigh and look up at the ceiling I wasn't going to go after her.

"Tension," Carl said in a high pitch voice. I look at him and he walks over towards me "here's how I see it poppet," he said and I frown at his new nickname for me "yes you're friend is being a bit of a bitch but who can blame her and if we don't go into the kitchen in the next minute or so Brendan may come out of that kitchen in a body bag," he said and I sigh "don't be so sad poppet,"

"Poppet, really Carl," 

"How else can I make you smile, I mean there is another way but bending you over and making you scream my name won't be very healthy for me afterwards, what with Logan and all that," he pauses, "he could join us though," I roll my eyes.

"Is sex all you think about?"

"Do you really need to ask that Poppet?" he asks and watches me stand. I giggle and walk out of the games room with him behind me. 
We stand behind the door to the kitchen listening to them. 

"My sister can be too much sometimes," Brendan said, obviously trying to make conversation with him. 

"Yeah, it's not that she's too much it's more the fact she hates me," Logan said "I'm not really your family's biggest fan, your mother is my psychiatrist which must be a big pain for her, I broke your arm and I cheated on your sisters best friend all I need to do now is something that will affect your father then we got full hate Logan household," Logan says.

"You obviously haven't seen my mother's other patients, one guy had an erotic dream about her and tried to kill himself because she didn't feel anything for him," he explains.

"That's why she's always telling me off for my sexual advances towards her when we had sessions. I do only do it to annoy her though don't think I'm trying to do your mother," 

"You know it's hard for him to said sorry right?" Carl states to me in a whispered tone. I nod and look down. I knew that I really did but I knew that if he did said it then it meant he was willing to do it for me. Brendan is my friend and what Logan had done was wrong.

###chapter 72
**Megan**

"Ok I'm just going to say this. You're Megan's friend and well it's just going to be hard on her if I don't try to get on with you. I don't have to like you which is so good," I smirk and shake my head this was probably the worst apology I have heard.

"Told you he's rubbish at them unless it's to someone he cares about that he's hurt," 

"So yeah I'm sorry about the arm just don't do it again because I am not saying this again to you," he pauses "and don't tell anyone I said sorry to you," I stifle a giggle.

"Urm ok I accept it I think," Brendan said slowly obviously confused.

"You better," Logan said and I try my hardest not to laugh. I look at the doorway to see Logan stood looking at me. I give him a small wave and point to Carl. 

"His idea,"

"What?" Carl said "it was my idea to have a threesome yes but...what? Poppet please don't confuse me like this," he says. Logan walks towards me and moves his arms around my waist. 

"Carl, go out and get laid please," Logan said as he hugs me. 

"I would but I'm studying now and it's a distraction," he pauses "but I guess I could, I'd ask you to join me but," I turn and glare at him "I'm kidding, I'll ask Brendan he seems like a strapping young lad that would satisfy my needs," he said and walks off into the kitchen. I laugh a little and look up at Logan. 

"It seems he has moved on from you. What are you going to do?" I ask.

"It's saddening really I don't know what to do after I bought this house with him and everything and Max our child I will have to fight him for custody," he said and I roll my eyes.

I pull back from the hug and start to walk up the stairs. 

"We're going out," Carl chimes as he flamboyantly skips from the kitchen and up the stairs. "I shall go and make myself look B-E-A-U-tiful," he said and I look at Logan.

"Has he been taking my antidepressants?" 

"I honestly have no idea about him anymore," he said "I need to go let my dog back in the house be prepared for him diving on you," he said looking at me and then walks off. I look at Brendan to see him stand at the bottom of the stairs flicking through his phone.

"I'll talk to Melanie for you when I get home as I'm guessing she's gone home," he states and I nod. He looks at me and walks up the steps to me. "I might not be able to see you as much after today," he states. I frown and he looks down sighing a little "I just might be going away for a while," I nod knowing he didn't want to go into it with me. 

"Well you better come back so we can go out drinking and getting soaked in the rain," I said and he smiles at me. 

"I will," 

"And you better watch yourself with Carl,"

"I will, I'm a little scared to go out with him," he pauses "are you sure he's not on anything,"

"I'm sure he's always like this, you should see him on a morning with Logan he feels him up and everything it's hilarious because Logan's just got up so he hasn't got the energy to fight him off," 

Then out of nowhere Max runs in and jumps up at me. I drop onto the step and start to rub the back of his ears with my fingers and then scratching up and down his neck. Logan then walks towards us and stands in front of us. Brendan looks at him and then at me. I give him a small smile and carry on petting Max.

"The dog gets more attention than me sometimes," Logan states and steps up the steps. "And you're going out tonight with Carl, you might live to regret that," he said looking at Brendan.

"Yeah I'm sort of wishing I said no to him now but I need a good night," Brendan says.

"You need to get laid is what you're trying to say," Logan said with a small smirk and Brendan chuckles at himself "Going out with Carl will you get that, that is if he takes you to the places he used to take me," Logan states and I look at him "I don't miss any of that at all though," he said looking down at me with a smile and I laugh a little. 

Carl walks down the stairs and stands in front of me. He's wearing a dark green t-shirt that goes well with his skin tone and brings out his brown eyes. He teamed it with dark jeans that hung low and a pair of DC's. 

"Are you checking me out?" he asks looking at me. "I can't really blame you though I am magnificently hot," he said smirking and leans towards me "can I have a kiss goodbye?" he asks and pouts at me giving me puppy eyes "pwease?" he said and I chuckle. 

"No you cannot," Logan said pushing him away from me "now go Brendan is waiting," he snaps causing Brendan and Carl to laugh at him. I smile and watch them walk to the door. "Don't wait up for me honey," Carl said "but do be ready for me," 

"I'm going to kill you one day," Logan says.

"I was talking to Megan," he states and I laugh "but you can if you like," he said grinning at him. Logan walks down the steps "I'm sorry, please don't hurt me," he said running out of the house. "I love you," he said innocently. Logan just walks to the door and watches Brendan walk out.

"I definitely regret my decision now," Brendan said to himself.

"You won't trust me," Logan said and shuts the door as Brendan walks out. I stand and walk up to my room with Max following. "I guess I'll bring Max his food up then," he says. I look at him and give him a small smile. 

"Well he needs feeding," I said and walk to my room with max. 

I sit on my bed and pat it letting Max jump on sprawl himself out across my bed, mostly on Logan's side. My lay back and pet him as we wait for Logan.  He walks into my room holding Max's dog bowl that had his name on it. Max jumps up and runs at him. Logan looks down at him and Max stops and sits.

"Good boy," he said and places his food next to my dresser. "Can I have some attention now?" he asks me. I nod and he climbs onto my bed and sits next to me. I lay my head on his chest and play with his collar. He kisses the top of my head and wraps his arms around me. 

"You know the more you frown the earlier you'll get wrinkles," I said moving up and stroking the small crease on his forehead "you'll look fifty by the time you're 25," I state and he looks at me "you frown and worry way too much," I said and caress his stubble. 

"I'm sorry I'll try and stop with the frowning," he states and leans in to kiss me. I smile and let him move on top of me. I pull back and he kisses my neck.

"And thank you for today, I'm happy that you're going to try and get on with Brendan and that you said sorry to him, even if it was the worst apology I have ever heard," 

"Thank you, I do try," he said now looking at me. I smile and he leans in and kisses me softly. He moves his hand up my skirt stopping at the hem of my panties. My hands run through his hair feeling every soft strand that my fingers came in contact with. 

Logan pulls away from me and kisses down over my jaw line down to my neck. He pulls fully back and I sit up and kiss him. Yes I'm feeling very confident at the moment with him. I have no idea why but right now I want to go all the way with him. It may be that over the past few hours I had seen a side of him I hadn't seen in a while or that I've never felt as comfortable as I feel with him right now or that he is trying his hardest to prove just how sorry he is. 

Pulling on his shirt he pulls back and takes it off revealing that muscled body he works on pretty much every week. He lays me back and kisses my neck and holds me at my waist. His kisses move up my neck over my jaw to my lips. 

Then out of nowhere a loud bark erupts into the room. Logan pulls away and looks to see Max growling at him. Logan laughs and starts to kiss me but Max barks interrupting us again. I giggle and lay back. 

"Shut it you," Logan said and leans in to kiss me and Max does it again and starts growling at him.

"I think we should stop," I said and he groans and lays his head on my stomach.

"I hate you. I'm going to take you to the vet in the morning," he snaps at Max and Max lays down "yeah how do you like me now," he snaps. I laugh and move my hand through his hair.

"He's just being protective of me," I say.

"What does he think I'm going to do? Eat you?" he asks. 

"Maybe, you don't know what goes on in his mind," I state, looking at him. I pat my bed and he jumps up, gets comfy and lays down on Logan's side. I laugh and Logan gets up.

"What the? Down," he snaps and Max licks my shoulder. 

"Aww," I coo

"Stupid dog," Logan huffs and holds me tightly. 

I laugh and move my hand around his neck and kiss him. He moves off me and drops to the side of me and wraps his arms around my waist. He pulls back from the kiss and kisses my arm. 

"She's mine so back off," he snaps at the dog. I laugh "see you're so beautiful I have to fight with my dog over you," I smile and get comfy.

We lay talking for hours about anything and everything. It felt so good just to be able to lay with him and not have any drama going on just me and him talking. Even with Max laying at the side of us asleep and letting off ridiculously horrible smelling gasses. Yes we would share little innocent kisses but that's what made it feel even better because there was no pressure.  We did however finally fall asleep and I've never had such a good sleep in a long time. 


###chapter 73
**Megan**
"Megan come on we'll be late," Logan shouts.

"One minute," I snap and go back to putting on my makeup.

"You don't need all that," Logan said and his voice is closer and quieter. I look at him from my mirror and carry on with my mascara.

"It's just a little bit," I said and he sighs while watching me. "Why aren't you wearing your usual shirt and tie?" I ask looking at his attire. He always looked hot in everything especially the clothes he'd wear for working out in just because you just think of him getting all hot and sweaty with those muscles. 

"I'm helping in the gym," he states and I nod a little. 

"Right lets go," I said and put my mascara in my bag. He looks me up and down and I frown "Do I look ok?" I ask.

"Perfect it's just that skirt I don't think I've seen you wear it before and it's short, don't you think it's short?" he asks. 

"It is short. And haven't worn this skirt for a very long time as I gained a bit of weight and it didn't fit me anymore but now it does," I pause and walk over to him and wrap my arms around his neck "do you want me to get changed?" I ask.

"Hmm no, it's just I don't know if I'll be able to stop myself from looking at you," he said moving his arms around my waist. I smile and he kisses me on the cheek. "Come on," he said taking my hand and we walk out of my room. 

As we walk down the stairs we see Carl putting his sneakers on and a blonde girl stood waiting for him. She stood in a gold sequin mini dress and black stiletto's. Carl yawns and stretches. He puts his arm around her and walks her out of the house.

"He always takes them home, he buys them breakfast and then takes them to their place said he's going to call but never does," Logan says.

"Aww he's a little heartbreaker you must be proud," I said and Logan laughs as we walk down the stairs 

"You act like I gave birth to him, like he came out of my loins," he says.

"No and I'm very worried over the fact you have loins," I said and he looks at me as I laugh at him. "What? You said it not me," I said and he moves his arm around my shoulders and leans towards my ear.

"I can show you if you like," he whispers hotly in my ear. 

"We have school," I state and he chuckles.

"We've got a good 20 minutes that's enough time for me," he states. I look at him and he gives me that sexy smirk of his. 

"I don't think Max would be very happy about it do you?" I ask and he chuckles.

"Yeah that damn dog," he said moving his hand down from my shoulders to my waist. "Let's go to school, I have kids to teach and you have a hot teacher to learn from," he says.

"Yes my history teacher is quite hot," I said walking off in front of him.

"Hey what about me?" he asks coming after me.

"You're nothing compared to him, he's my real goal," I said and look at him to see him frowning.

"I shall eliminate the competition," he said as he locks the door. I laugh and he moves his arms around me and kisses me. I step back but he pulls me close to him and lifts me up and carries me to his car. I push him back and drop down. 

"You're too horny," I said and get in the Porsche.

"You're the one wearing the short skirt," he said as he gets in on the driver's seat and then realises what he's said "I'm not saying a short skirt means you're up to go and do it on a car bonnet, I'm just saying..." I look at him waiting for his excuse and he looks away "you're right I'm horny," he pauses "I'm like a dog on heat," he said looking away from me and I laugh. 

---

I walk into English, past Logan who was stood at the door. I look back to see him looking at me and I smile a little. Melanie walks past me and sits in her seat and just looks at me. 

"You two make me want to puke," she said and I sigh and sit down behind her. 

"Melanie," I said getting her attention and she turns and looks at me "can you please try to be nice to him?" she rolls her eyes and nods "please, if he does it again you can be as nasty as you like," I said and she just looks at me "physically too," 

"Fine, I shall stop being a bitch," she said and smiles at me.

"Really? You're not just saying that because you said that towards Courtney all the time," I state.

"Yes," she said and leans over and hugs me. I smile and hug her back. She pulls back and sits in her chair. 

I watch Logan lean against his desk as he holds a book in front of him reading it while waiting for us all to quieten down. He closes the book and looks around. He yawns rubs his head.

"Are you alright sir?" one of the girls asks. He nods and walks round his desk to the white board and writes 'Poetry' on it and I groan in protest. I hate poetry; it's probably my worst thing to do.

"Aww don't groan, poetry can be pretty good," he says. 

I look to see I wasn't the only one that groaned at the word he had wrote but he was looking at me. I then hear a phone beep and I look to see it was Courtney. She had obviously received a text message she liked because she had a big grin on her face.

"Sir," she says. He turns and looks at her "my sister is wondering if you're going to phone her," she states. He frowns at her.

"Who is your sister?"

"The blonde you slept with at the weekend," she states and he frowns.

"I don't know who your sister is and I don't think I did," he states and I can feel myself getting angry and upset because I know who Courtney's sister is and what she looks like. 

"You did she said it when she picked me up yesterday," she pauses "blonde hair, long legs she has a tattoo on her stomach," she describes and I watch as he looks through the filing cabinet and takes out test papers.

"Courtney your sister obviously isn't that great because I don't remember," he said and places the papers in front of her "hand these out please because you have now granted them all with a pop quiz," he said and everybody groans. I slowly put my hand up and he looks at me.

"Can I go to the toilet?" I ask. 

"No," he said and sits down in his chair. I watch him try to calm himself down. He may not look angry to anyone else but he was furious probably over the fact Courtney said it out loud to him. Courtney finishes handing the quiz's out and Logan looks at her "Courtney can you go outside please," 

"Why?" she asks. 

"Because I said so," I smile a little and watch him stand and walk out after her. "I want silence," he snaps and walks out. Melanie instantly turns and looks at me.

"Can I physically hurt him now?" she asks and I smile a little and surprisingly I'm not upset because I know that night meant nothing to him so I didn't understand why he was so angry.

Everybody walks out of the class and I stand in front of his desk. Logan looks at me as everyone leaves and the door swings shut. He frowns and then looks down at his lap. I smile a little; he looked so worried as if I was going to said something that would end our relationship right about now. 

"I don't know who her sister is," he says.

"It's fine,"

"And if it is her sister then I am so..." he trails off and looks up at me. "What?" he asks.

I move my knee onto his desk and lean over and kiss him on the lips. He moves his hand to my neck and pulls me closer. I pull back before the kiss gets any deeper or more passionate. His blue eyes scan me as I move off his desk and stand straight.

"See you at lunch," I said and walked out of his classroom. 


###chapter 74
**Logan**

A knock sounds at my door. I look and stop marking.

"Come in," I call knowing full well it's Megan, she was a few minutes early though as I figured she'd get something to eat before coming here. I really thought she'd be upset and angry at me after what Courtney said. It would have upset me. 

"You're earlier than I expected," I said and looked to see if it isn't her but the blonde.

"You look even hotter as a teacher I must say," she said with a smile. I look her up and down. She's wearing a long shirt with a brown belt and some very big high heels. "Yes this shirt is all I am wearing before you ask," she states and walks towards me and sits on my desk crossing one leg over the other. 

"What are you doing here? And how did you know I worked here?" I ask.

"Well you teach my sister and I'm here to tell you something and put that hot mind of yours to rest," she said and looked me up and down. "If only you were my teacher when I came here," she said and smiled. "So it was Megan Wright you were expecting I'm guessing," she states. I nod and stand, this was just great she knew about us which meant she could tell anyone at any time. 

"Hey don't get all annoyed on me," she states and I look at her "I'm not going to said anything, I just never pegged Megan to be banging her teacher," she said "I always thought it would be my sister," 

"You're sister's not my type," I mutter.

"Aww but I am that's sweet and great for me to use against her," she said and leaned back. 

"What do you want?" I ask.

"Nothing, yet, I'm not a bitch you know," she said and looked at me "sit down, I would never peg you as a worrier," she said and I sat down.

"Yeah well I have a few things going on now," I say.

"Aww why what's wrong?" she asks and I look at her "Megan knows you cheated," she said shocked "how? Did my bitch of a sister blab?" she asks.

"Yes and that's not exactly how she found out. I told her the next day," I state.

"Wow," she said, her eyebrows raised "really, were you wanting to break up with her or worse have her kill herself? I mean the girl has been through a lot of crap" she asks.

"No, I just knew she'd most likely find out and I already have lied to her once I don't really want to make a list of them," I state and she nods and flips her hair over her shoulder. "So you're not going to said anything?" 

"No, you obviously love her; you even said that you did," she pauses, "like I said the girl has been through hell and back because of her psycho dad. Me ruining something that might be good for her would just be harsh of me, but you should be more careful if my sister ever finds out she would definitely tell. She hates Megan," she pauses "strange really when they used to be best friends," she said more to herself than to me. 

"Cool, urm did we use protection?" I ask.

"Aww why would you pay for an abortion?" she asks and rests her hands on her stomach and my eyes widen and I look at her "I'm kidding, you're so easy to wind up, yes and no," she said and I frown "we didn't just do it the once you know, you were some horny bugger," she pauses "but luckily for you I'm on a contraceptive," she said and I immediately feel relieved. "Don't try to hide your disappointment," she said and I look at her to see her smiling 

"It's a good thing though because that's one thing off my mind," I said and stood and went to walk past her and she grabbed my arm. I look at her and she smiles and the look on her face tells me exactly what she wants "What? Are you stupid or something?" I ask.

"But I've always wanted to do a teacher in their classroom something about it is just too sexy to pass up, just don't go and tell her this time" she states and as she finishes the door opens. I look and so does she.

"Ugh I hate bitchney so freaking much," Megan said "my sister this, my sister..." She stops and looks at me and Courtney's sister and the look on her face says it all. This was just great. I couldn't win no matter what I did. 

"I should go," Courtney's sister said and jumps off my desk and walks towards the door. "Your secret is safe with me," she said looking at both me and Megan. She gives Megan a hug "Nice nickname for my sister, I'm stealing," she said and walks out of my classroom. 

The door shuts and Megan just stands looking at me. I sit in my chair; I really don't know what to say to her because anything I said probably won't convince her that we weren't doing anything. Everything I do seems to backfire and just make our relationship worse. I almost feel like giving up.

"Is she really that great?" she asks. 

"What?" I ask, looking at her and she sighs and rolls her eyes at me. I stand and walk towards her. She folds her arms and looks down. 

"Nothing happened, she came here to tell me that she wouldn't tell anyone about us," I say.

"Us," she said looking at me and I sigh.

"Do you want me to get on my knees and beg you to believe me?" I ask. She shakes her head and looks away from me. "Nothing happened," I state and she looks at me and I can tell she still doesn't believe me. "Fine," I said and get on my knees.

"What are you doing?" she snaps.

"I told you, I'm going to beg you if you're not going to believe me because it's the goddamn truth," I state and she looks down at me and I slowly move my hands around her. 

"Get up," she snaps.

"No not until you said 'I believe you that nothing happened today in this classroom of yours and that I trust you,'" I said and she looks down at me and raises an eyebrow "ok maybe not trust me fully just yet because I know you won't fully just yet, but you will trust me in that," I said and she smirks a little but it quickly fades and she looks away from me. "And she came dressed like that. I don't know where her trousers were," I explained.

"Get up," she snaps and looks down at me. I shake my head and hold her tighter, pretty much hugging her from the waist down. "Logan," she groans and I smile a little.

"I haven't done anything yet, should you really be saying my name like that?" I ask and she slaps my head. Her hand rests on my head and I feel her fingers go through my hair. 

"She really just came here to say she wasn't going to say anything about us?" she asks and I nod "why did it look like that though?" she asks. 

"She wanted to have sex with me because she hasn't had sex in a classroom with a teacher before," I state.

"And you said?" she asks.

"No obviously, I don't want to hurt you anymore than I already have," I state and look up at her to see she was crying. I look down and move my hands up her back.

"Good," she said quietly and moved both her hands on my head. "Her name is Chloe by the way, we are actually friends," she said and I look up at her "and her dress sense has been like that for a while," she pauses "as her saying is 'flaunt what ya mother gave you' and that's what she does," she explains and looks at me "are you going to get up now?" she asks. I nod and stand. She moves her arms around my neck and looks me in the eyes "I think we should go away for spring break but not Alaska, it's too cold," 

"Well where do you want to go? We can go anywhere in the world you like," I state and she smiles.

"England," she states "I want to go to England with you and isn't it normally nice over there at this time of year?"

"Depends which part of England you are in," I state and she smiles "England it is," I said and lean in to give her a kiss. There's then a knock at the door and she pretty much pushes me to the other side of the room.
###chapter 75
**Megan**

The door opens and stood there is the head mistress. I give her a small smile and she looks at me and Megan. She gives Megan a smile and then looks at me. 

"Are you not having lunch Megan?" she asks and she looks at me then at her.

"I was getting my medication off Mr Peters," she states.

"Your mascara is running, has someone upset you?" she asks. Megan wipes her cheeks then looks down.

"I don't really want to talk about it," she states and runs a hand through her hair "well I guess I'll go to lunch now," she said and walks out of my classroom. 

I look at my boss and she smiles at me and sits at one of the desks. I frown and lean against my desk. 

"How can I help you?" I ask 

"I just came to talk to you about Megan see how she's getting on and stuff," she answers and it's only then I notice the notebook and pen in her hand. "I'm just using it to track her so that I know if she's keeping up with school; her grandfather asked me if I could do it really. But I think it's a good idea just so we know if she actually is alright," 

"Ok, what do you want to know?" I ask

"How come she wasn't in yesterday?" 

"She wasn't in the best of moods," I state "her depression really, she hasn't had her antidepressants for most of last week," I state. "She hadn't actually been home for most of last week, she got annoyed with me and I didn't see her," I explained.

"Are you coping with her? Because it can be hard for you too, not just her," she states and I nod "are you sure?" I nod again "Ok, are you still having physiotherapy?" she asks and I shake my head."Ok," she said and this goes on for pretty much most of my lunch.

---

"Melanie said yes," I said looking at Logan, he's sat the desk we have in the living room reading the Quizzes he made us do this morning. 

"That's good," he said and I get up and walk towards him. I move my arms around him moving my hands over his bare chest. I look to see he was reading mine. 

"Are you going to pass me?" I ask.

"Of course," he said and I smile. "You got a C on this,"

"A C!" I said, snatching it out of his hand "How?"

"Because you got questions wrong," he states and takes the test out of my hand. "I'm fair you know, and a C is a pass," he said and placed it on the already marked file. 

"But," I say.

"And well what did you expect when you missed my last few lessons, they were on my last few lessons," he states and looks at me "so you did well to say you didn't know everything," he said and kissed me on the lips.  I huff and kiss his neck. 

"Can Brendan come with us to England?" I ask. He stops marking the tests he's marking and looks at me. "Please?" I ask. 

"I thought you wanted me to say sorry to the guy not having a holiday with him too," he states.

"I know. It doesn't matter, forget I ask ," I state. "Melanie and Julie can come. I'm just waiting for Yasmin to phone me and tell me if she can," I say.

"Cool, Carl's definitely coming, he couldn't hide his excitement, Scott's coming and James can't because him and Carl still aren't friends," he pauses "so you might as well ask Melanie if she wants to bring her boyfriend and ask Brendan if you like," he explains and reaches for his glasses. I smile to myself because he looked super hot with his glasses. 

"Really?" I ask. He nods, I kiss him on the cheek and run a hand through his hair "Now go do something entertaining because you are distracting me," he said and looked at me. I smile and stand up straight.

"OK then," I say.

"And don't forget to tell them all that I'm paying for their flights and food and that they will only want money for doing stuff nothing else," 

"Will do," I say. "You're spending some of your money?" I ask.

"I never said I didn't use it for pleasure every now and then," he said and took his glasses off and looked at me as he placed them to his lips while looking me up and down. "And you're pleasure," he says.

"Thanks, I think," I say. 

He smirks and I walk towards him putting my phone back in my pocket. His hand moves into mine and he pulls me onto his lap. I move my hands around him and lean in to kiss him. His hand moves up my skirt. I pull back and he starts to kiss and nip my neck. The feeling of my phone vibrating makes me pull away fully and he pretty much lifts me off my feet as he lifts me off his lap. 

"Your phone was pressing against me in the wrong way," he said and I laughed a little. "Like I said go do something entertaining," he said and I smiled.

"I was," I said, taking my phone out of my pocket and answering it and he looked at me. I give him a smile and walk into the kitchen with my phone. 

"Have you asked him yet?" Melanie asks me.

"Ask him what?"

"What did he speak to Courtney about?" 

"No not yet," I say.

"And I can't believe Chloe turned up though, she swore when she left she'd never step foot in that school again after she graduated," she said and I sigh. "So do you believe him?" she asks.

"Yeah it isn't like he's lied to me about anything," I pause "Do you think I shouldn't have?" I ask.

"Well you're right he hasn't lied and well if they did do something I doubt he would have told you that she suggested they do it again," Melanie pauses "did you ask Chloe?" 

"Yeah I asked  her over facebook and she said the same as him and that she'd suggested it because she wanted to see if he was an actual scumbag," I say.

"Yeah that sounds like Chloe, its funny how she's Courtney's sister they are like polar opposites," 

"Yeah and apparently he asked her if they had used protection and was obviously very relieved when she said they did and when she suggested they do it again he called her stupid," I explain.

"Well I'd believe him then," she says.

"Cool, oh will you ask Brendan if he wants to come to England?" I ask.

"Seriously?" she asks.

"Yeah Logan said he could come," I state. "Also, do you want to go shopping with me on Saturday?" I ask.

"Yes and yes, I need to go because Cade is coming round," she pauses "my dad has ordered that he meets him now," 

"Aww good luck with that," 

"It's not me who needs good luck and I cannot tell him that Cade is coming with us to England or I won't be able to go," 

"Yes that would be bad," I said "well call me tonight and tell me how it goes," I said "cya," I said and put the phone down.

I walk back into the living room and sit on the couch. I could ask him why he went outside with Courtney but I didn't fully see the point. He couldn't do anything bad in the short time they were out there and it wasn't like Courtney returned with a smile on her face. She actually looked very pissed off. 

"What's troubling you?" I hear Logan ask. I look at him to see him still marking. He then turns in his chair and looks at me. 

"Why did you go outside with Courtney?" I ask. 

"To tell her off, what she did was inappropriate, I told her if she is going to continue pulling stunts like she is then she will be moved out of my class," he said and takes his glasses off. "Is that all?" he asks. I nod in response and look at the TV. 

"I'm off shopping this Saturday with Melanie," I said and I get a grunt in response. 

"Have you taken your medication today?" he asks. 

"Yes," I lie. 

"Really?" he asks.

"I don't want to take it, I don't even need them," I say.

"Fine," he said "and by the way we're having dinner at your grandfather's on Sunday after your session," he said and I sigh. I don't normally have a session on Sunday's but because we are going away I had to have one to set up video sessions.

"Why?" I ask.

"He wants to see you that's why and to make sure I'm looking after you properly," he explains.

"He's probably most likely got some bad news for me again, something like my father has escaped his mental asylum and is on the hunt for me," I said and I hear his pen drop. I look to see him looking at me "It can happen," I said and he sighs "or that my father is being released without a trial in a few weeks," I state.

"Well if that's the case Megan we'll think about it then," he said and I get the feeling one of my options is right.

"You know, don't you," I said, turning fully to look at him.

"He said it was to do with your father as well but I don't know what," he says. I get up from my seat and walk out of the living room. "Megan," he said calling after me.

I don't say anything; I just walk up the stairs to my room and sit in it. There were only three possible reasons my grandfather would want to talk about my father to me. The two I mentioned downstairs and the good reason and that he would be getting trialled and could be facing life. The third one didn't seem very likely at this point. 

"Poppet," I hear Carl said and then knock on my door. "What has that hot mess downstairs done now?" he asks. I sigh and don't answer him.

"I technically haven't done anything," I hear Logan say to Carl. 

"Guess what I did last night," Carl said and then I heard Logan freak out.

"Don't touch me with the hand you used you sick boy," Logan growls.

"I'd touch you with my manhood but I think I'll leave that for later," he says and I laugh. I stand and walk towards my door and open it to see them both standing there. "Or I can now," he states and looks at me. 

"What if it's bad news?" I ask Logan. He sighs and looks at Carl. 

"We can't really do anything if it's bad," Carl said and leans against my door frame. "But what we can do is make sure nothing bad happens to you," he said and smiles. 

"But how? You don't know him like I do," 

"We know he's an arse wipe," Carl said and I laugh.

"And we know all we need to know," Logan said and I look at him. "We don't need to know everything," he pauses "he doesn't know us and the things we can do," 

"What I can do," Carl said emphasising on the 'I' "I'm pretty awesome and can even make people disappear,"

"The way you get rid of Logan on the mornings," I state.

"Exactly," he said and I smile.


###chapter 76
**Megan**

"Will you stop it," I snapped at Logan. He looks at me and sighs "Just stop touching me all the goddamn time," I growl as I walk out of the kitchen with my glass of water. He hadn't left me alone all day. I've only been up for an hour and he just won't leave me alone. It's irritating. I admit I'm on edge because I've had no sleep but it's annoying.

It's Saturday which means I'm off shopping; Yasmin had gotten a yes from her parents so I was going shopping with Melanie, Julie and Yasmin

Logan walks into the living room and sits on the other couch. He looks at me and then away to the TV. 

"Are you having those nightmares again?" he asks. "I mean you're not taking your medication anymore and I've noticed you not sleeping," he states.

"I'm fine," I said and down my water. He sighs and l look away from him. "I'm off to get dressed," I said and walked up to my room. 

Yes I was having the nightmares again but it isn't just that he doesn't seem to understand that sometimes I feel claustrophobic when he starts to touch me and I get almost scared of just how far he wants to go. I know I'm probably sending him mixed messages and I honestly don't mean to, it's just I do have my off days. 

I pull on my black skinny jeans and button them up; I turn in the mirror and look at my scars. I hated these scars so much; they didn't look like the type of scars to fade more like the type of scars to darken. Logan is always saying he doesn't mind them and that he likes them but how can anyone like these. He either has a scar fetish or he is truly lying to me whenever he said it.

"Are you ok Poppet?" I heard Carl say from my closed door. I sigh and look down then reach for my top. 

"I'm fine," I said and pulled on my top. 

"Can I do your hair today?" he asks. "I'm thinking of a fishtail plait," he said and I picked up my brush and started to brush through my hair. "Or waves, I love your hair when it's wavy," he states "I guess I'll just talk to myself then," he said and I smiled a little. I wasn't being rude, I just wasn't in the mood to talk. It seems he is being literal with talking to himself as he starts to. 

"Hi Carl, how are you? I'm fine thank you how are you Carl?" he asks himself and I smirk a little "Well my friend won't talk to me it's annoying really. Aww don't worry Carl you're still awesome. Thanks Carl so are you," Then there's silence. 

I start to part my hair and turn on the straightening irons. 

"You know Carl you look very hot today," Carl suddenly say's and I sigh "you almost turn me on. Thanks Carl I feel the same way, my body is aching for your touch," he said and I laugh. 

I swear that sometimes his mind is not all there. He wasn't a person you could not laugh at. Who in their right mind stands and talks to themselves it's just not right. Granted I've done it before but only when I'm thinking out loud. 

"Carl I'm having my hair down," I said loudly. 

"Where is that voice coming from? Is that you god? I always thought you were a girl," he said and I stifled my laugh and went to open the door "if you are not god then show yourself," he demands and I open the door. He stands with a smile on his face. "Why won't you let me do it?" he asks with a sad expression.

"Because I've already done it," I said and he huffs "tell Logan I'm going shopping now and that I'll see him soon," I said walking away. I feel him grab my arm.

"What's wrong?" he asks, looking me in the eyes.

"Nothing," I said and moved my arm from his hand "tell him I'll see him soon and I'm taking the BMW," I said and walked off. 

---

"Why are you ignoring him? What has he done?" Yasmin asks me as I decline another phone call from Logan. 

"Nothing and I'm not ignoring him, I'm with you three right now," I said and all three looked at me. I smile and look away from them as I place my drink to my lips gaining a cream moustache. I lick my top lip and place the mug of caramel hot chocolate on the table. 

"So why don't you tell him that instead of ignoring him?" Julie asks. 

I sigh and open up my salad box. I'm not annoyed with him, I'm more annoyed with myself for getting upset with him over a nightmare I know won't happen. 

"Shall I ring him then to show you all he's done nothing wrong?" I ask and Melanie sighs and gets up.

"I'm off to get a cookie. Does anyone want one?" she asks. I shake my head and so do the others and then watch her walk off. 

"So what's going on because it's obvious you don't want to speak in front of Melanie?" Yasmin asks. I sigh and look down.

"He's not doing anything wrong I'm just having an off day and taking it out on him, I don't mean to but it seems all I seem to do is direct all my anger to him and I can't stop," I sigh and lean back in my chair. "The only reason why I'm not saying it in front of Melanie is because I know she'll just boil it down to the fact he cheated," 

"Is it?" Julie asks.

"No, because I've only started being angry with him today it's like I woke up hating him," I said and look at them. "He keeps asking what he's done wrong but I keep ignoring him, I'm being a bitch aren't I?" I ask. 

"No," Yasmin said and then leaned back in her chair as if thinking about it. "I think it's understandable, everyone takes their anger out on the person they care about the most and you really care about him," she said "and it's just unfortunate for him that you are letting your anger out on him, I let all my anger out on my little sister all the time," she said and I smile a little. 

"Yeah, I'm going to ring him just to tell him I'm not annoyed at him," I said and stood up. "I'll be back in a minute," I said and walked to a more secluded part of the coffee shop where hardly anyone goes. I dial his number and sit in the chair waiting for him to answer.

"Hey," he said "whatever I've done I'm sorry," he says.

"You haven't done anything, I'm just having a bad day," I said quietly and looked down.

"Have you bought anything?" he asks.

"I bought a few dresses, tops, jeans, jumpers and shoes," I say.

"Dresses?" he asks, sounding quite surprised.

"Yes, why?" I ask.

"No nothing," he said "I've got something for you," he says. 

"Oh, what?" I ask.

"It's a surprise, we should pack tonight as well so we don't have to do it all tomorrow," he states.

"Ok, do you want me to get anything while I'm out?" I ask.

"Can you get me some hair wax and some hair gel?" he asks. I smirk "you're laughing," he says.

"I'm not," I said as my smirk turned into a smile. 

"Yes you are, I can hear you or you're smiling," he states. "If Carl was asking you this it would be completely normal," he said and I laughed.  "See, you even agree," he said and I smiled to myself. He sounds so different on the phone it's a little strange it's like he sounds more British if that's even possible. 

"Logan," I said and he went silent.

"One minute," he said and then I heard movement.

"You just need to sign there and there sir," I hear a girl said, causing me to frown "thank you, here's your receipt," the voice said again.

"Thanks," I hear Logan said and then movement again. "Sorry, carry on," he says.

"Who was that?" I ask.

"A shop assistant," 

"Which shop?" I ask

"I'm not telling," he says.

"So you're in the city?" I ask.

"Yes,"

"Do you want to meet us?" I ask.

"Ok I can then get my hair stuff myself then, but you're not getting your present until we get home," he said and I smirk a little

"Where would you like to meet me then?" he asks.

"McDonalds Julie wants to eat something fatty apparently," I said and he laughed. 

"Ok see you soon," he said and I smiled and put the phone down. I sit back with the girls and smile to myself.

"I'm guessing the phone call went well with that smile on your face," Yasmin said and smiles at me. 

"He's going to meet us. You don't mind, do you?" I ask them both. They shake their heads and then Melanie returns.

"Don't mind what?" she asks. 

"Logan meeting us," I said and straight away I notice the dislike of that idea in her face. I sigh and look at my phone. "It doesn't matter, I'll tell him I'll just see him at home," I said as I start to text him.

"No..no it's ok I don't mind," she said and I look at her. "I don't mind," she said and smiles. 

"Cool I told him to meet us at McDonalds because we're off there next aren't we?" I ask. They nod and I start to finish my salad. 


###chapter 77

**Megan**

We walked into McDonalds to see it was packed as usual. Logan had texted me that he was here and he was in the upstairs seating. I walk up the steps with Yasmin behind me and start to look around for Logan. After a minute or so we finally find him and Carl. I give Carl a smile and sit next to Logan. He moves his arm around my shoulders and I look around a little.

"Good day?" he asks. I shrug and Yasmin smiles as she sits next to me.

"She spent over 500 dollars. I'd said she's had a good day," she said and I smiled a little.

"Where did you get $500 from?" he asks.

"I have money saved," I said looking at him, his blue eyes looking directly at my green ones. "So what did you buy me?" I ask, smiling. 

"You will find out soon," he said and I pouted at him a little and then looked away from him. 

I then feel his arm move from me and him move away a little. I look at him and he nods in front of him. I look to see Courtney and her friend and also her sister. They hadn't noticed us yet which was good. We just now hoped they'd walk past us and sit away from us.

There's a fat chance of that though as Melanie and Julie walk up behind them, Melanie knocking into Courtney on purpose and then walking straight towards us. I sigh as Courtney's eyes follow them and then land on us. 

"Great," I said under my breath as Melanie and Julie sit down opposite me and Yasmin. 

"Julie, how do you consume so much food for your size?" Yasmin asks her. Julie shrugs and starts to eat her large Big Mac meal. I smile and take one of her fries causing her to look at me and glare.

"Thank you," I said smiling at her and she shook her head. 

"Anyone else touches my food and I'll kill you," she said and starts to eat. I sigh and look towards Courtney to see her walking past us. I follow her and watch her sit behind us. 

"We'll leave soon," Logan whispers to me. I look at him and then look down at my phone. "So what did you buy?" he asks, looking at us all.

"Everything and anything," Melanie says. "We went to that many shops." She says.

"Yeah my feet hurt from it," I said and they all looked at me.

"You were the one that dragged us into all the shops," Julie says.

"I know but I needed most of the things," I said and they raised their eyebrows at me "ok only a few of the things but it was fun. Was it not?" I ask and they smile at me.

"Seemed to have cheered you up," Logan said and felt him touch my leg under the table where no one could see. I move my leg over my other and place my hand in his hand. 

After about ten minutes of us all just chatting away Julie was done eating. The surprising thing was that Melanie wasn't being cold towards Logan. He could actually say something without her scowling at him.

We stand up from our seats and start to walk down the steps. I looked Logan up and down and he wasn't carrying one shopping bag. I looked at Carl to see he wasn't carrying anything either. I frown and Logan looks at me as we step out of McDonalds.

"What's wrong?" he asks.

"You're not carrying anything," I say.

"Oh sorry," he said and took five bags from my left hand and three from my right. "That better?" he asks and I raise my eyebrow at him.

"I wasn't on about that," I said and shook my head at him. 

"What?" he asks, completely dumbfounded. I roll my eyes at him and walk away. "What have I done now?" he asks.

"Really, how did you become a teacher with that slow brain of yours?" Yasmin asks and Carl starts to laugh. "You said you've gotten her something but there's no bag to show that," she says.

"That's because I don't need a bag it fits perfectly into my jeans pocket," he said and I look at him to see the devilish smirk that he owns on his face. "Who's the slow ones now?" he asks looking at Yasmin and she glares at him. There was one thing Yasmin hated and that was being called dumb or anything close to that when she was very far from it. I smirk and turn away from them both and hook arms with Melanie. 

"He's making a habit of pissing off your friends isn't he," Melanie states rather than asks as she looks at her nails. I laugh and we walk to the car park that I have parked my car in. 

"Logan," I said, getting his attention. "How are you and Carl getting home?" I ask.

"Well you're going to sit on my knee and Carls driving," he states and I look at him. "I'm kidding Carls off to his parents to get one of his suitcases," he states.

"Is he walking?" I ask.

"No we brought the car too, he's taking the Porsche," he said as I unlock the car and walk towards the boot. I place my bags in the boot and Melanie, Logan, Yasmin and Julie do the same.  

"Can I drive?" Logan asks me," I nod and hand him the keys and then sit in the front passenger seat. Julie, Yasmin and Melanie get in the back and Logan gets in the driver's seat. 

---

We drop off Julie, Yasmin and Melanie and then drive home. Right at this moment I am walking behind Logan up to the door. I frown at his jeans bottom pockets as he carries my bags for me. His pockets were flat and 
molded round his butt. 

Once we're in the house I shut the door behind me and move behind him and put my arms around his neck. He stops walking and I jump up. He drops my bags and carries my legs at his sides. I smile and lay my head on his shoulder as he carries me to the living room. He places me on the back rest of the couch and then turns so he's stood between my legs. 

"Now can I have my present?" I ask. He shakes his head and kisses me on the lips and walks out of the living room.

"Where do you want your shopping?" he asks. 

"Just put them upstairs in my room," I said, turning and sliding down onto the couch. I lay back and switch the TV on. I then hear scratching at the kitchen door. I stand and walk towards the door and open it to see Max whimpering. I let him past and lay back on the couch. 

Logan walks into the room and looks at me. He gives me a small smile and walks past while moving his hand through my hair as if I was some five year old. 

"Do you want a drink?" he asks

"Please," I said and wait for him. He returns a minute later with a glass of coke for me. He places it on the coffee table and then looks at me. I sigh and move so he can sit behind me. He sits and I lay my head on his lap as he.

"So you've had a good day?" he asks. 

"Yeah it's been ok," I said as I watch some game show.

"You weren't in a good mood this morning," he says. I sigh and close my eyes.

"I had a nightmare about you," I said quietly and he sighs as he moves his hand through my hair.

"It's not real," he said and I sit up.

"I know," I said and sit next to him properly instead of laying on him. 

"Good," he said and moves his arm around my shoulders and kisses me on the top of my head. 

"It's still scary though," I said quietly and he sighs "I don't mean it nastily it's just scary for me and a little upsetting that my mind thinks that you're going to hurt me like that," I said softly and he pulls me close to him. 

"I know I don't know what else I can do to help you," he says.

"You don't need to do anything," I said and look at him.

"Ok, but if I do, tell me ok," he states.  I nod and get comfy next to him.

"You could give me my present," I said with a small smile.

"I could but I'm not," he said and I huff while folding my arms.

"Meanie,"


###chapter 78
**Megan**

Logan takes my hand in his and kisses my fingers. I look at him and give him a small smile and then look back out of the car window. We're in the car on the way to my grandfathers for dinner and to hear the news he is going to reveal about my father. Logan most likely could feel my hostility over this. I disliked my grandfather as it is. 

"Do you think you could drive slower?" I ask, looking at him.

"We've already wasted time dropping Max off at my Uncle's," he said and I sigh.

"We'll take the long way though," he said and I smile a little.

"Thanks," I said and kiss him on his cheek. He looks at me and places his hand on my knee.

"Is this dress new?" he asks. I shake my head and look at him as I twirl a piece of my hair around my finger.

"It's old but I thought I'd wear it today. Why? Does it not look good?" I ask looking down at the dark green dess, it's simple in design, has a gathered waist and scoop neckline. It comes to mid thigh on me.

"You look really good. I just thought it was because I've never seen you wear it," he says.

"Yeah I lost too much weight to wear it," I said and look down at myself "I'm still too thin for it now but I thought it would look ok on me," 

"And it looks better than ok," he said and I look at him to see him looking at me. "A lot better than ok," he said and moves closer.

"Logan the road," I said, noticing he's not watching the road. He still leans closer "Logan the road," I say. He ignores me and kisses me on the lips. I keep my eyes open to make sure he doesn't crash the new BMW my grandfather had got him. I pull away from the kiss "Don't make me tell you again about the road Logan," I warn. 

"I'm sorry," he said and looked at the road "it's not my fault you're so hot," he said and I laugh.

"You're such a charmer," I said with a small smirk. 

"I'm telling the truth," he said "you hot piece of arse," he said and I look at him "I almost want to stop the car and just kiss your face off," he said with a small smile.

"Wow your words are so touching," I said sarcastically and he looks at me. I laugh and feel him kiss my hand again. 

"I do try," he said and I smile at him. He did know how to make me smile I had to hand that to him. 

---

My grandfather places the glass of lemonade I had asked for in front of me on the coffee table. We had just eaten dinner and we were now sat in the lounge with his annoying girlfriend and him. Logan sat next to me keeping a little distance from me. 

I take the cold drink in my hands and take a small sip and then hold it on my lap. The look on my grandfather's face told me it was bad news, news that he regrets having to tell me. 

"So I had a meeting with Jonathon's lawyer and doctor," he said and I look at him to see him look away from me and Logan and take a sip of the whisky in his hand. "I really don't know how to tell you this," he said, causing my heart to beat a lot faster and my hands tighten around the glass in my hands. 

"Just said it," I said quietly and I can feel my body heat up.

"His rehabilitation won't be continued in the hospital anymore it will be out of hospital," 

"What!" Logan says. I look down at the glass in my hands. It wasn't like I didn't see this coming, I knew and I told him and he didn't listen no one did. 

"He progresses better out of the hospital so like last time he will be put under house arrest; he'll have a tag on him so he won't be able to go no more than a hundred yards from the house without permission. There'll be eyes on him 24 hours of the day and four nurses on hand for his medication," he explains as if it would make it any better. 

"Where will he be staying?" I ask.

"Here," he said and I looked at him. "He won't be here when you're here. He'll be at the pool house. He'll still be having a trial. They said that it will be in August, the date I don't know yet," he says. 

I sigh and place my drink back on the coffee table and walk out of the room. I move my hands through my hair and walk to the door under the hallway balcony. I shut the door and look around the entertainment room. 

In this room there's a flat screen TV, a bar, a pool table and a pinball machine. There's also a door that leads to the kitchen.

I walk to the bar and look through it to find a bottle of vodka. I grab a glass an poor about a measure into it and down it. My eyes squeeze shut and I shake the taste away with my head. I place the glass onto the bar and let out a breath. I then pour some more in and then top it up with orange juice. I make my way to one of the couches and sit down. 

After about twenty minutes the door closest to me which was the door to the kitchen opens. I look to see who it is and stood at 6ft was my biggest fear in the world. My father. 

###chapter 79

**Logan**

This was just great she's only just getting on track and this happens it's like she can't get a break. Did her grandfather not understand how much this would affect her now? He looks at me and bites his lip, his fiancé nudges him and he sighs.

"What?" I say.

"Nothing," he says.

"They have a right to know," she said to him. I look at them expecting them to now tell me. Megan's grandfather sighs and looks at me.

"He's already out of the hospital, he's staying here at the moment but only because we haven't finished doing the pool house for him," her grandfather says. I sigh and shake my head.

"So he's here now?" I ask and he nods "I'll tell Megan," I said looking at him. He nods and I stand "What's his state of mind?" 

"Benjamin is still the dominant personality not as much as before though which is good," he said as if that's the best news in the world. I shake my head and walk out of the sitting room. It is like he doesn't understand the seriousness of this and how much it is going to affect Megan. 

I stand at the bottom of the stairs and take a deep breath. I really did not want to tell her that her father is already out of the hospital.

"Megan," I call "come on we're going," I say. I figure she's in her room but I get no answer.

-

**Megan**

My heart felt like it wanted to jump out of my chest. The feeling of it pounding against my ribs hurt. My mouth dried and nausea built in my stomach as my eyes fix on him. I can feel my body over heat and the sweat slowly move down the side of my forehead. I hear Logan's voice call my name, I want to call back to him that I'm in here in fact I want to get up and  run for my life to him but my body won't move. No part of my body will move. 

I watch him shut the door and his right hand move to the lock. I take a deep breath and mentally scream to myself to get up and run. He doesn't lock the door though he takes his hand away from it and looks down at it. 

"Do you want a drink?" he asks and moves away from the door to the bar. I shake my head once he looks at me. He takes a glass and pours himself some brandy with ice and then walks towards me. My body is 
suddenly able to move and I move back until I am at the other side of the couch.

"I missed you Megs," he said and sits down on the couch. I did not miss him or what he just called me. "Have you missed me?" he asks. I don't respond so he looks at me "Have you?" he asks. I shake my head and he glares at me. 

"Megan," Logan calls and I close my eyes and feel my lips twitch to move and tell him I'm in here but they don't move and it is now I wish I had some sort of mind communication power. 

"Who is that?" he asks almost in disgust. 

"I...I," I start to stutter my mouth felt so dry and my mind has gone blank. Why can't I speak or do anything? He's going to get angry at me I can see it. 

"It's him isn't it," he growls. I nod and he clenches his free hand into a fist "You and him?" he asks and I shake my head "don't lie," he hisses and I gulp and feel my eyes start to water. I quickly nod "Do you love him?" he asks. I shake my head and he smiles and I feel this sense of relief "They kept telling me you didn't love me but this proves them wrong," he said and moves closer to me. I gulp and move back.

"Proves them very wrong," he said and places his hand on my leg. I flinch and move my leg trying to move out of his grip but it was no use his hand was latched on like a claw. "Doesn't it?" he asks looking at me with hopeful eyes. 

"No," I said, suddenly finding my voice. "I don't love you, I never have, I loved my father but never you," I said looking at him. "You're not my father and I have never and will never love you," and after I said that to him it is like I suddenly have strength. I push his hand of my leg and stand up "I actually hate you more than you can ever imagine," I said to him and walk away. 

I have no idea where this sudden burst of strength and courage came from, maybe it's the fact I'm sick of being scared or his play toy to just have my every thought controlled by him. 

I open the door and as I do a hand slams it back shut and then locks it. I turn to look at him his face centimetres from mine.

"I'll make you love me," he hisses at me. I raise an eyebrow at him and he leans in to kiss me. I turn my head and push him away but it doesn't work. 

His hands moving down my body squeezing in places they shouldn't be. I knee him in the groin and he drops to the floor letting me out of his grasp. I move away from him and move to the other door. I feel him grab my ankle before I get to the door and drag me back making me fall flat down on my face banging my nose on the floor and making it bleed. I place my hand on my nose and look at my hand to see if I am actually bleeding and I am. 

"Now stay," he snaps as he pins me down by my hands. This wasn't the first time I have fought him but it is going to be the first time I am going to win.

-

**Logan**

"Megan," I call going up the stairs to Megan's room. I open the door to see she isn't there, I sigh and shut her door and check the other rooms. After a few minutes I hear a door slam shut from downstairs and then a thud and a small scream. I walks down the stairs and look around.,

"What's going on?" I hear her grandfather say. 

"I can't find her," I say.

"Did you drop something or slam a door?" he asks. I shake my head and he frowns "Have you checked the game rooms?" he asks. I nod and follow him to the kitchen. "Phone her," he said and I took my phone out of my pocket and it's then I remembered she had left it at home.

"She hasn't got her phone on her," I said and he looks at me and starts to pour himself a coffee. He looks at his cook and gives him a small smile.

"Your son went into the poker room," he said to him and he sighs.

"He was supposed to stay in his room," he said and goes to open a door but it's locked. I frown at the door.

"I think he dropped something in there as well," his cook says. 

"Is there another way into that room?" I ask.

"Yes under the stairs," her grandfather says. I get up from my seat and walk to the stairs and then see a door. I try the door but it's locked. Something wasn't right. This was the only room I had come to that was locked. His bedroom wasn't even locked so why this one was I didn't know but I wanted to find out. 


###chapter 80
**Megan**

Benjamin stands and holds onto me by my hair dragging me up to my feet and to the other door. He locks the door and then looks at me. 

"Why are you making me do this Megs?" he asks. I sigh and he lets go of my hair. He walks towards me and moves his hand to my cheek and wipes the blood from my top lip and then pull me towards him into a hug. I don't hug him back, I try not to touch him but it's probably the most impossible thing right now when he's pushing his body against mine. 

His hands move from my back down to bum.

"My boyfriend is going to kill you," I said in his ear and he pulls back and punches me in the face. I land on the floor and as soon as I do I start to crawl. Laughter echoes from him but I ignore it. I knew he'd punch me after saying that after all it's probably the last thing he wants to hear.

I crawl behind the bar and look around. I was not going to have him touching me again in anyway. I'm going to hurt him this time no matter what even if it involves hurting myself in the process. 

"Megs," he said almost as if in amusement just like he has before. I slide open the cupboards under the bar and there in front of me in all it's shiny glory is a small knife. The kind you use to cut fruit. "Megs," he said again. I take the knife and shut the cupboard door. I place the knife on one of the shelves that stores beer glasses. 

I am now trapped and I had two choices, do what I'm planning or let him do what he's planning. There was only one way out from behind this bar and he is now standing unbuckling his jeans at the way out. He walks towards me and kneels down to me.

"C'mon be a good girl," he said moving my hair behind my ear and then moving his hand down to my leg and underneath my dress. 

He tries to push me back but I don't let him and this seemed to make him angrier with me. He grabs my hands and pins me down on the floor and kisses my neck. I relax my body the best I can and try not to fight him back. I want him to let go of my hands and this is the only way I can make him trust me enough to let go. 

He does as I want and let's go of my hands to move his hands over my body. I try to reach for the knife that I had placed on the shelf near me. Reaching for it seemed impossible my fingertips are only an inch away from it maybe a little more. My heart was panicking if I can't reach this one thing then I may as well lay back and squeeze my eyes shut and just wish I'm somewhere else. That did not mean I shouldn't at least try to reach the knife. 

I risk bending my body slightly hoping he doesn't notice what I am doing but it seems he is too bust trying to get my panties off which he succeeds in but I succeed too. I place the knife next to my hip and hold tightly onto the handle. Taking in a deep breath I lift my arm up to the side and plunge the small blade into his back. I take the blade out and he kneels up putting his hand to his back. My eyes narrow on him and I sit up and stab him again and twist the knife. 

An odd feeling starts to raise in me a feeling I wouldn't expect from doing this but I felt it. I enjoyed it. I enjoy this moment right now watching him feel pain and watching him bleed for once it's a little overwhelming. 

"Megs," he says.

"My name's not fucking Megs," I growl and push him back so he falls on his back. I hold the knife in my hands and hold my legs to my chest glaring at him. I don't want to move he could be faking like he did last time, he could be one of those people that are really horrible but never seem to die. 

I feel liquid on my arm. I place my fingers to my cheeks and realise I'm crying a lot, like I've been crying this whole time. 

A bang echoes through the room and takes me out of my thoughts. I hold the knife tighter as I hear another bang and then another until suddenly a thud. I gulp and fixate on Benjamin's body lying in front of me. His eyes are still open and blinking. He's trying his best to stop the bleeding. 

"Megan," I hear that British voice said and a sudden feeling of relief wash over me. 

"Logan," I said and drop the knife and crawl over Benjamin's body out from the bar and then I see him stood at the door. "Logan," I cry getting up and running to him. He hugs me tightly but I'm a hundred percent sure it's not as tight as I'm holding onto him. "I'm...so...glad...you're...here...I thought..." I said through my fit of tears.

My grandfather walks in and immediately runs to Benjamin. I ignore it though, I know he sees him as his son still but I don't see that person laying there as my father.

"I'd never leave you," Logan said holding me tightly. I can't seem to stop myself from crying at all.

"Phone an ambulance," My grandfather says. Logan doesn't move.

"Let him die," Logan said "after all he deserves it."

"Michelle phone an ambulance," he snaps. I look to see her stood at the door. She nods but seems hesitant. 

"Take me home," I said "please," I add and he nods. The look on his face and how tense his body is tells me just how angry he is. 

---

The car is silent only the smooth humming sound of the engine nothing more. Logan was still angry, his body was all tense and rigid. He keeps clenching his hands into fists and taking deep breaths. We come to a traffic light and the car slowly stops. Logan sighs to himself and clenches his hands once more. 

"I'm sorry," I said looking down at my dress. It's covered in blood and torn.

"What for?" he asks.

"Urm...I," I try to said why and I honestly don't know but I feel like I need to be sorry. 

"Don't be sorry for anything," he said and takes my hand in his. I flinch and seethe in a breath as pain shoots up my hand. "What's wrong?" he asks and takes his hand away and on his fingers is blood. I look at my hand to see it's sliced open. Logan sighs and as the light turns green he starts to drive. "I'm just annoyed at myself," he said and I watch him pull into a gas station. He looks me in the eyes and then looks my body up and down and then looks away.

"I'm sorry about my dress," I said and he frowns at me "you liked it and now..." I trail off and look down.

"Its fine I'll get you a new one a nicer one," he said and unbuckles his seatbelt. 

"Have you got something for me to wear I really don't want to wear this," I say. He looks at the back seat and then looks at me.

"I have this t-shirt," he said tugging at his t-shirt. 

"It's ok I'll wait until we get home," 

"No..." he said frowning "let me just go in there get a few things and then I'll let you wear it," he said smiling and kisses the top of my head.

"If there's any underwear in there will you get me some?" I ask and he nods and gets out of the car. I lean over and lock the door after him and put the radio on. 

After about five minutes I watch Logan return to the car. He goes to open the door and I lean forward and unlock it. He gets in and places the bag on his lap. He takes out a pair of skin coloured tights and a pair of scissors.

"They don't sell underwear but they sell tights and scissors," he said and starts to cut the tights 

"What else have you bought?" I ask.

"A bandage for your hand, some wipes and some chocolate," he said and looks at me. I watch him finish off cutting the tights into small skin coloured boxers and then. He then takes the bandage roll out of the bag and the wipes. He hands me a wipe and I automatically try to clean my face. "It hurts doesn't it," he states rather than asks as I slowly try to wipe my nose.

"A little," I said and look at him. 

"Do you want me to do it?" he asks as he starts wiping my hand. I shake my head and carry on. After about ten minutes I'm clean bandaged and wearing his t-shirt and the boxers he's made me. 

"They're all going to ask me what's happened," I said quietly as Logan pulls out of the gas station. 

"No they're not, I phoned Carl and told him briefly what's happened and told him to tell the others to not ask," he said and I look at him. "Was that wrong of me?" he asks and I shake my head in response. "I'm sorry if it is but it seemed the best thing to do," he says.

"It's fine," I said "I just want a shower and my bed," I said and get comfy "my body aches," 


###chapter 81
**Logan**

When we got back Megan went straight up to her room and I haven't seen her since. It's not half one in the morning and I know she's awake but I don't want to disturb her or upset her. I heard Melanie try and speak to her but Megan told her to leave her alone. 

The first thing I did when we got back was go to the gym I needed to let off this anger it didn't exactly work though as I'm still fuming. I had promised her I would never let him hurt again and this happens I don't even know what he fully did to her. I want to know but I also don't just because I know it probably make me go insane with rage.

After the gym I went and picked my dog up from my aunt and uncles. I had changed my mind on having him stay here while we were in England. He'd miss me and he's my joint first best friend with Carl so I'd miss him too. 

I'm now sat smoking a joint while watching a very old movie. 

"Logan," I hear Megan's voice say. I die the joint out and waft the smoke from me. 

"Yeah," I said and look at her to see her stood wearing my shirt and bottoms. She pulls on my shirt a little and looks down. 

"Can I sit with you?" she asks. I nod and watch her walk over to me. She sits down next to me and holds her legs to her chest. "I cut myself," she said quietly. I look at her "I know you're probably angry at me for doing it and you'll most likely find out that I've done it that's why I'm telling you," she explains quietly.

"In all honesty I knew you were going to," I said "is it bad?" I ask. She shakes her head and looks at me. "Can I see?" I ask. She nods and stands. 

I watch her stand in front of me and watch her slowly lift her top up to reveal cuts on the side of her rib cage. There are about five clear cuts all shakily done but clear. They aren't deep which is good.

"You're mad," she said quietly.

"No...no I'm not," I said and take her hand in mine. "Come here," I said and pull her down to me and hold her tightly. "I'd never be angry with you not over this," I say.

----

"We don't have to go you know," Logan said looking at me and moving hair behind my ear. I knew what he was doing, he wants me to feel better but staying here wouldn't make me feel better in the slightest. "You haven't slept and..." he sighs.

"Logan I'm fine,"

"But I should really take you to the hospital for your nose," he said looking me in the eyes. 

"It's fine Logan it's just bruised," I said looking at him. "I need a shower and I want to go to England I want to get out of America away from all of this," I say.

"Ok, I'll go get dressed while you get a shower," he said and hugs me tightly and walks out of my room. I smile and walk into the bathroom.

I get the quickest shower I can possibly get just because I know that if I stay in too long in there my mind will wonder to the most horrible thoughts. I look at myself in the mirror and straight away I notice the bruise forming over the bridge of my nose. My cheek is swollen and bruised too along with around my eye. I sigh to myself and move onto the buffet in front of my mirror. 

The thought of having to cover more bruises frustrated me. That thought hadn't come into my head in months and here I am doing it again. I stand and pick up the clothes I had already gotten out ready for the plane to England. 

Logan walks into my room as I sit back onto my buffet. He looks at me as I brush through my hair. He smiles and I look away from him.

"What's wrong?" he asks sitting down next to me.

"It's nothing," I said and start to put make up on. He sighs and watches me. "Would you like me to put some on you too?" I ask. He smirks and shakes his head "you're looking at me like how I used to look at my mother when she put hers on," 

"And how's that?" he asks.

"Like you want some on yourself and want to learn how to do it," I pause "I always watched my mother put her make up on. When I was younger she'd kiss me on the lips after putting her lipstick or lip gloss on so I'd have some on too," I said with a small smile. 

"Were you close to her?" Logan asks. 

"Very we did a lot of things together, she was more my best friend than my mother just because she was so laid back," I pause and look at him "are you wanting some lip gloss on then?" I ask with a small smile.

"Shut up," he huffs and looks away from me. I laugh and sit back on my buffet. "Are you done?" he asks.

"Yes, do I look ok?" I ask. 

"You look ok," he said and I frown at him as he didn't sound too convincing. "It's just I prefer you without make up," he explains and looks down as if he thinks whathe said was wrong. 

"Good that means you won't get too comfortable with my make up face," I said with a smile and kiss him on the lips.

----

I link my arm with Logan's as we stand waiting for the car to pick us up. It's raining and I'm freezing. We didn't sleep on the plane. When I said we I mean me and Logan, I know that he stopped himself from sleeping so that he could keep me company. 

"It always rains here," Melanie says.

"Oh you know that do you?" Logan snaps at her "I'm guessing you know that because you're always here and you've spent all your life here," I look at him to see him mutter swear words under his breath calling her a stupid bitch. 

"Sorry, I just," I cut her off and look at her. 

"Just leave it," I said to her and give her a small smile just to make sure she didn't think I was being funny with her. She looks away and sighs while folding her arms. I sigh and watch as a limousine pulls up in font of us and a man in a black suit gets out.

"Sorry I'm late sir the traffic was horrible," he says. The man looked the similar age to my grandfather. He looks at Logan and then at me and onto Melanie and the others. "I thought there was only going to be six of you," the man states.

"Two at the last minute, that's why I changed which estate we'd be staying at," Logan states. 

"Ah ok is it a bedroom each sir?" he asks opening the boot. He smiles and takes our bags.

"I'm not too sure yet," Logan said as he opens the car door. "Did you get our suitcases?" he asks as he nods for us all to get in. 

"Yes sir they arrived early this morning," he said and finishes off putting our travel bags in. I get in and then Logan does. "I was quite surprised when you phoned a few weeks ago and you told me you were coming back home for good," the man says. I look at Logan and he sighs "but you changed your mind which is what I expected you'd do," he said 

Logan moves his arm around my shoulders and kisses the top of my head. He gets comfy and I watch him tilt his head back and close his eyes. 

"You all might as well get comfy we've got about an hour and half drive," he says. I get comfy next to him and yawn. 

"I'll leave you all to rest seen as you look like you haven't slept in days," he said looking at Logan and then pressing the button above him to move the screen up.

---


###chapter 82

**Megan**

The car drives up a long gravel drive. I sit up a little resting my hand on Logan's leg and leaning over him to look out the window. The house we're heading to doesn't even look like a house; it's more of a massive mansion that could probably fit another mansion inside. It looked like something out of a historical movie with it's pillars and long windows and what seemed like a balcony that ran around the middle of the mansion. 
As the limo pulls up to the steps of the house I see people standing outside. 

"Megan," Logan said, catching my attention. I look at him and he moves his hands to my hands and lift me off him. "Thank you," he said and gets out of the car. He holds his hand out for me and I take it. Then Melanie and the others get out after me. 

"Meg-chan," Melanie whispers. I raise my eyebrows just because it's been a while since she's called me that "your boyfriend is rich," she said and a small smile appears on her face. I feel Logan let go of my hand, I look to see him walking to a pregnant woman in a maids uniform. She has dark brown hair and dark brown eyes. She seems to be in her late twenties. 

"Why are you working?" he asks her.

"Logan, I'm fine," she said, trying to reassure him. "I'm only five months jeez you act like I'm about to pop," she said and rolled her eyes. He shakes his head and then looks towards us. 

"I suggest you all go pick a bedroom, the ones that are unlocked are the ones you can go in," he said "I'd run because Carl knows the good ones," he said and Carl runs 

"I'm sleeping next to Logan's room," he calls as he runs up the steps into the house. They all run after him. I sigh and shake my head as I walk up the stairs, I'm too tired to even bother running.

I feel Logan's arms go around my waist stopping me. 

"Where are you going?" he asks. 

"To get a bedroom," 

"Oh ok if that's how it is," he said, pouting and taking his arms from around me. He follows me into the mansion and I stop at the grand staircase. I look up at the ceiling and then around to see doors open. 

"What do you mean 'if that's how it is'?" I ask.

"I thought you'd want to sleep in my bed with me," he says. I then watch the people that were stood outside walk into the mansion. 

"Mr Peters," I hear Julie shout. She runs out from the right side of the staircase and looks at us "Carl won't leave my bedroom,"

"I said she could share the bed with me, I don't bite unless she wants me to," Carl said standing next to her. 

"Please you couldn't satisfy me even if you tried," she said folding her arms and turning away from him. 

"I wouldn't just satisfy you honey, I'd have you," Logan cuts him off.

"Carl," he snaps. Carl sighs and folds his arms "Which room is it?" he asks taking his jacket off. He hands his jacket to the man in the butler suit and then takes my hand in his and pulls me with him up the stairs. 

"The one next to yours, the one I called," Carl said pouting. 

"You didn't call dibs," Julie says.

"That's very true," Logan says.

"But, I have that room all the time," Carl whines. I smile a little as I walk with Logan to his room. He reaches up to the door frame and takes a key. He unlocks the door and walks in. 

"I'll tell you what, why don't you both go play a game and whoever wins gets the room," Logan says. 

"But it makes more sense for me to have the room when that's the only room left unless you want me to share with one of your students," Carl said "and if that's the case I choose sharing with Yasmin," he said with a smirk. 

"If that's the case Julie you have to go share with someone," Logan explains and takes off his t-shirt. He then turns to them and pushes them out. "Now leave, go sleep," he said and shuts the door on them and locks it. 

I look around his room to see it was pretty neutral. White walls, royal blue carpet matching drapes and bedding. It's quite a simple looking room with an air of elegance to it. I think that was due to the four poster bed that stood in the middle of the room. 

Logan yawning stops me from looking around his room. He undo's his jeans and then gets in his bed. 

"Are you not going to go to sleep?" he asks. 

"I'll try," I said and I watch him turn and watch me. I take off my jacket and then pull down my bottoms. He pulls back the covers and I get in and moves the covers over myself. Logan moves his arms around me and I turn to face him. "Wouldn't it be best for us to go to sleep later so that we wake up in the morning rather than the early hours?" I ask. 

"Yes but if I don't go to sleep now I'll drop dead," Logan said and I smile at him. 

"Ok you get your beauty sleep," I said moving my fingers through his hair. 

"I know you don't need beauty sleep but you do need to sleep," he said with his eyes closed. I smile and rest my head on his chest.

---

"Logan," I groan and I tap his chest. There's music playing really loud and that is what has caused me to wake up. 

"I know," he said and I feel him get up. "Back in a minute," he said and I turn away from him, burying my head into the pillow. What feels about five seconds I hear the music stop and then about ten seconds later I feel 
Logan's arm back around me. "It's nearly half twelve," he said in my ear.

"Ok," I said, keeping my eyes closed. I feel his hand move from my waist to my bum and then him kiss my shoulder. I turn my head to look at him. I watch him get comfy and then look at me. 

"Hi," he says. I smile and turn to look away from him. He continues to kiss my shoulder and down my arm as his hand squeezes my bum a little. I turn fully, his hand resting perfectly on my bum. I close my eyes and I can feel him watching me as I try to go back to sleep. 

After about ten minutes I'm at the type of sleep where I can sort of hear what's going on around me but I'm still asleep. I hear our bedroom door open and then footsteps. I stir a little and then feel the covers get pulled from over me. 

"Logan you cheeky boy," I hear Carls voice say. I sit up and rub my eyes "Copping a feel while she's asleep," he said and I yawn. 

"Carl go away," I say. 

"No you both need to get up, it's late you've spent half the day in bed and not even in a good way," he says. 

Logan sighs and gets up. He reaches for his duvet and lays it on the bed. 

"He's right," he said looking at me. "That we should get up," he adds on "We don't have to unpack that's done for us,"

"That's unfair, why didn't they unpack ours?" Carl whines and lays on the bed. 

"Because you're not their boss and they all hate you, I'm not surprised if they've hidden your suitcase," he said and then stood up and walked round the bed. "I'm going for a shower, no harassing my girlfriend Carl," he said, causing me to smile and look at Carl. 

"Morning Poppet," Carl said looking at me and smiling. 

"Afternoon," I said, smiling and moving the covers over my legs.

"Do you think Yasmin is a good girl or a naughty girl?" he asks. I frown at him "I've got a feeling she's a naughty girl," he said to himself and then looks back at me. 

"Why are you asking me this?" I ask.

"Because I got my eye on her," 

"Pervert," I said, getting comfy and hugging a pillow. 

"I'm not watching her, I just think she's hot," he pauses. "plus I'm a bit horny and I saw her come down the stairs earlier and she's got quite the body," he pauses "wait how old is she?" he asks.

"She's 18," I say. "She's not a virgin," I said. He looks at me "she's slept with I think two people," I said and he looks at me and smirks. "But she's not interested," I said "and Logan would probably kill you," I say.

"True but it would be worth it," he says. "I mean that body, I'd ruin it," he said and I laugh. "I'm serious, I'd go all out and destroy," he said and I laughed harder. "She won't be able to walk once I'm done with her," he said and I went into a fit of laughter.

"Oh my god Carl, you're something else," I said trying to calm myself.

"That is what she will be saying," causing me to laugh again. I get out of bed and stretch. "I'd do the same to you though," he says. I look at him and he smiles, I shake my head at him "but I'd take care with you,"

"Thanks nice to know," 

"I know it is cause let's face it you and I both know I'm better than Logan," he said and I realised he's not joking. 

He looks away and I look around the room to see my suitcase propped up against the wall next to the door no one had entered or exited in since I have been here. I open it and see my clothes and Logans clothes hung up and folded neatly inside. On the left Logan's clothes, and on the right mine. I walk in and look around and find a pair of bottoms I had packed. 

###chapter 83
**Megan**

I walk out of the wardrobe and see him still laid across the bed. 

"I'm off for something to eat," I said, pulling on my bottoms. He doesn't say anything of even look at me. I sigh and walk out of the room. Walking down the stairs I see Melanie sat talking to Brendan. I sit next to Brendan and look at them "Afternoon," I said and they both look at me.

"Talk to her about it," Brendan said pointing at me while looking at Melanie "or better yet your boyfriend," he adds. 

"I just want to know what you think," she said and I frown.

"You've put me in a tough situation because I don't know him and you're my sister so it's really not me you should be talking to about this," he said and stands. 

"What's wrong?" I ask looking at her.

"Nothing," she said getting up and walking up the stairs. I frown and look at Brendan. He looks down at me then sits back down and moves his finger over my nose lightly.

"Does it hurt? It looks like it hurts," he asks and states. 

"It's not broken so it's ok," I said looking down and moving my hand over my nose. Surprisingly I had forgotten about it that's why I've come downstairs without covering it.

"How do you know it's not broken?" he asks.

"Because it's not bent in anyway and it doesn't feel broken, it's just badly bruised," I said stroking my nose. He sighs and moves his hand under my chin to make me face him. He frowns at my nose and then kisses it. I move back and look at him, he grins at me "As if you just kissed my nose, weirdo," I said and he laughs. 

"Did you have a good sleep?" he asks. I nod and smile "Good," he said and looks at his watch "Urm I need to make a phone call," he said standing up and it looked like a phone call he didn't want to make. 

"Are you ok?"I ask. 

"Yeah it's just an important call," he said and I stand up. I watch him walk up the stairs holding his phone in his hand. It's like everyone is avoiding me and I don't know why. First Melanie and now him I didn't understand do I smell or something.

I sigh and look around and as I do I realise that I don't know where the kitchen is or even the dining room. 

"Are you lost poppet?" I hear Carl said I look at him and shake my head as I walk up the stairs. "Where are you going?" he asks.

"To my room," I said and he frowns "I want to have a shower before I eat," I said and walk past him. 

"Ok well I'm off to go find Yasmin," he said and I sigh.

"Be careful Carl, she has a sharp tongue," I said walking away from him.

"Ok I'll just make sure she doesn't give me a BJ," he said and I shake my head as I hear him chuckle to himself. 

I walk into my room to see Logan stood in a towel looking in the mirror. He looks at me from the mirror and smiles. I walk over to him and sit down on the buffet. 

"I cut myself shaving," he said and turns to look at me. He points to the small cut near his chin. 

"Aww why did you shave," I pout and he sighs and rolls his eyes. 

"Thanks for the sympathy," he mutters to himself and I smile and kiss the cut. 

"I'm sorry, you poor thing, do you want a bandage or do you want me to take you to the hospital?" I ask, trying not to laugh. 

"You're not funny," he said moodily. I smile and look in the mirror and as I do I notice my bruises are darker a lot darker now. I sigh and look down. "What's wrong?" he asks. 

"I need some more makeup," I said "I don't think I brought my heavy stuff because I didn't plan on getting beaten before coming here," I explain and he sighs as he watches me stand. 

"I'll buy you some if you want," he says.

"I can buy it," I said and walked away from him to the bathroom. I hear him sigh deeply just before I shut the door. 

-

**Logan**

I understand her insecurity and I know that it is the reason for her wanting to cover the bruises. I know that she won't leave this room with no makeup on. 

After getting dressed I walk out of the room to the room the girls are in. I knock on the door and I hear them call for me to come in. I open it and walk in, shutting the door behind me. I look at Yasmin, Julie and Melanie and give them a small smile. 

"What would you like?" Julie asks.

"Yes, what brings you to the place where you are being insulted?" Yasmin asks and I raise my eyebrows "I'm kidding I'm not that mean I'd say it to your face," she said with a smile.

"Ok," I said, frowning and sitting on the bed opposite the one they were all sat on. "I was wondering if you'd do me a favour?" I ask.

"A favour?" Melanie asks. I nod "What kind?" she asks.

"It's for Megan she didn't bring any make up well not the makeup she uses to cover bruises up so I was wondering if you would go get some?" I ask. "I'll give you the money and have someone drive you into the nearby city," I explain. They tilt their heads at me.

"What do we get in return?" Julie asks.

"You can all have some money to get yourselves something, I really don't mind, you can all go crazy if you like," I said and they smile.

"I'm in," Julie says. I look at the others and they smile.

"Thanks I don't really know anything about make-up, that's why I'm asking you three," I said and they smile. 

"We already know her skin tone so it's cool," Melanie said and I sigh and look down. 

"Thanks," I said and stand. "I'll go get you some money, the car will be waiting for you, try and make sure Megan doesn't know you've gone because she doesn't exactly want people to know that's the reason she's staying in her room, I think," I said frowning. 

I walk out of their room and down to the main kitchen to see the cook and the maids and butlers. I smile at them and look at the breakfast. 

"Is that for me and Megan?" I ask. The chef nods as he looks in the cupboards "What are you making for dinner?"

"What would you like?" he asks. 

"Fish and chips," he looks at me and I smile. "It's hard to get a good fish and chips meal in America. It's like they don't understand how to do it," I said and he rolls his eyes. 

"Fine I'll make you that but don't be making me make more crap for you in the two weeks you're here," he states.

"I promise I won't, and you might not have to cook, Megan likes to cook a lot," I say. He smiles and starts to clean. 

"So you have someone to cook proper meals for you?" he asks. I shrug and look through my wallet. I take out my card and hand it to George my main driver causing him to look at me.

"Can you take the girls shopping they're doing something for me, they need to go to a beauty shop," I explain.

"Ok I'll take them into Sheffield they can pick what store they want to go to then," he explains. "What's the maximum they can spend?" he asks. 

"Well they're getting make up for Megan and one thing for themselves so whatever all that costs," I said and he nods. I smile "When is Max going to get here?" I ask.

"Harrison is on his way to the airport to pick him up," George says. "So another few hours," he says. 

"Cool I miss him already," I pout and then walk out of the kitchen and back to my room. The bathroom door opens and Megan walks out. She looks at me and smiles a little. 

"Will you do something for me?" she asks. I nod "Will you put a bandage or something on my cuts because they're bleeding again and also put the oil on my back?" she asks.

"Yeah,"  I said and she looks down "are you ok?" I ask walking towards her. She nods and walks away from me into the wardrobe. 

"I'll get changed first," she said and shut the door behind her. I sigh and walk into the bathroom to get the first aid kit. I know it was probably the wrong decision to come to England after what happened with Benjamin and her psychologist will probably give me an ear full over it. But what was I supposed to do? She wanted to come and it might turn out to be a good idea. I walk back out and open it out onto the bed and take out the items I need. 

After about five minutes Megan walks out and looks at me. I give her a small smile and look her up and down. She's wearing bottoms and a vest. She sits next to me and takes her top off.

"Will it be easier if I lay down?" she asks I nod and stand up as she lays. She lifts her arm above her head revealing the red line cuts. I take out some antiseptic cream and smooth it over.

"Do they hurt?" I ask. She shakes her head and then looks away from me. "Maybe it will be easier if you let air get to them," I say. 

"No, because my clothes will rub against them and then they will hurt and bleed," she said and I can see she's losing her patience with me. 

"Ok," I said and started to cut the right size of lint to cover them.

"They'll scar, won't they," she said and looked at me. 

"Not heavily they'll fade because the cut isn't very deep and if you keep moisturising they shouldn't," I explain and she just looks down. 

"I really don't know what you find attractive about me," she mutters and I sigh while looking down. 

Of course she wouldn't know because she doesn't want to know. She turns her mind to other things when I try to compliment her and tell her what I find attractive about her. It's everything, her eyes, her personality, her smile and laugh, her voice, just everything I could go on.  

###chapter 84
**Logan**

After putting the bandage on I rub the moisturiser on her back. She may not notice it but the scars on her back weren't as strong as they were when we first started putting this on her back. I know she hates them and I know she thinks they're the ugliest thing in the world but to me it's part of her beauty. They show how strong she is and I love that. 

"Can we not do anything today?" she asks. "I know you brought us here to work on our relationship but I just want to stay in bed and watch movies," she says. 

"On your own or..." I said and she smiles.

"With you but if you don't want to that's fine I can watch them on my own," she explains. 

"Megan I'll sit with you and watch a movie," I state and she smiles. There's then a knock on the door, I get up and open the door to see Catherine the maid that's pregnant holding a tray with mine and Megan's breakfast on it. I take the tray from her and glare at her.

"Don't look at me like that, I'm not an invalid," she said and I smile. "Enjoy your breakfast," she said, smiling at me then leaving. I shut the door and place the tray on the bed. Megan picks up one of the plates and a knife and folk. 

"Do you enjoy being waited on?" she asks. 

"Surprisingly yes, I didn't like it when I was younger but now I sort of like it but only a little," I said with a small smile. "The thing is they're always doing it because when I'm not here this is used as a holiday resort. All of the rooms apart from this one and the one Carl is in are used by other people," I explain "people book to stay here and then use things here that they've paid for, only certain places in the mansion that they can't go," I explain. 

"Ohh so it's like a business as well as a home," she says. I nod and she smiles as I sit next to her and take the other plate. "So how much would you say you made a year?" she asks. 

"After paying other people about 15 Million," I said and her jaw drops "but half of that goes to charities and plus the people that run my businesses for me have to buy shares," I pause "I'm an unknown owner, I try my best not to have anything to do with any of it, I'm only doing it because it was left in my parents will for me to take over and being a silent owner is the only way I can fulfil their request," I explain. 

"Yeah I understand that," she says. "What if one day you become bankrupt?" she asks and I smile.

"That will never happen, the world would have ended by the time I become bankrupt," I state.

"Why is that?" she asks.

"Well I have my wage from teaching which is pretty ok for me to live, I own parts of pretty much every type of company as in retail and the food industry, I own an airline, about four other houses that are used the same as this one, I think they've just launched a phone I'm not too sure I know nothing about most of this. We run insurance too," I said, frowning and she smiles.

"You don't seem very sure," Megan says. 

"I'm not, I know nothing really," I say. 

---
**Megan**

Logan wraps his arms around me and kisses my neck. I move away from him, we're watching Harry Potter and it seems he's getting bored of it. I move my hands to his and then turn to look at him. He moves a finger to my jaw and leans in and kisses me. His hand moves to the back of my neck and through my hair. He pulls me forward and moves his arms around my body. I pull back and he starts to kiss my neck.

"Logan," I snap and push him away. I get up off the bed and here him sigh in frustration. I glare at him and walk off into the bathroom to calm down. I had already moved away from him didn't that tell him I wanted to watch the movie and not make out with him. 

Looking in the mirror reminded me why I don't want him kissing me. I don't feel attractive one bit at this moment in time. I have a bruised nose and around my eyes. My hand was still cut and my head hurt. I take a deep breath and run the hot water of the tap, I rinse the water over my face and then let out my breath . I pat my face dry and then take a quick look in the mirror. 

I open the bathroom door to see Logan sat with a pink bag. He looks at me and smiles then looks away from me.

"I'm sorry," he said "My excuse is I'm a man and sometimes my penis takes over," he said and looks at me "that's the honest truth no point telling you anything different," he said and I look away from him "I have a present for you," he said holding a pink bag up to me. I walk towards him and take the bag. "I got Melanie, Yasmin and Julie to get it all while we were here," he states.

I look in the bag to see two types of foundation a gel eyeliner and some concealor and a primer. I sit on the bed and pour the contents out on the bed. I look at them and smile to myself and feel myself start to cry a little. 

"You bought all this?"

"I gave them the money and told them to get you some make up, I didn't get it though," I look at him and he frowns. "Why are you crying?" he asks leaning forward and wiping the tear that dropped down my cheek. 

I lean forward and hug him, I kiss his cheek and hug him as tight as I can. His hands move to my waist gently stroking up and down my back.

"Thank you," I said and decide not to let go.

"I'm really glad you're happy but you may actually murder me because I'm finding it quite hard to breath," he says. I let go of him and pick up the makeup.

"I'm going to put it on now because this is heavy makeup this will cover these bruises," I said and sit in front of the mirror. He leans back and puts his hand behind his head as he watches Harry Potter. 

After about fifteen minutes I'm finished. I look at Logan to see him take his top off and then start to unbutton his jeans. I frown at him and he looks at me. 

"I was thinking about going out? Do you want to go out?" he asks as he stands. 

"Urm..." I start and look in the mirror "yeah," I said with a small smile "I feel like going out," I said and look at him. 

"I thought you would," he said and I frown at him as he walks into the wardrobe. I look back in the mirror and open my make up bag. The make up the girls had got me is a very good brand and I used that a lot even though it's expensive. It's make up that is made to cover scars. 

A knock sounds at the door and I look and call for them to come in. In walks Yasmin, Carl, Julie, Brendan and Scott. 

"We're wondering if we can actually do something today," Yasmin states and sits down next to me. I watch the others sit on the bed. Carl looks at Logan's clothes and frowns then looks at me. 

"He's getting changed before you start saying anything," I said and he smiles.

"Am I really that predictable?" he asks and I nod causing him to pout and look down. 

Logan walks out of the wardrobe in a pair of black jeans, he looks at them and then at me.

"Are we having a meeting or something?" he asks

"No an orgy," Carl said and I smile "We're all riding you first,"

"No. Shut up Carl. We want to go somewhere," Julie says.

"I was just saying to Megan we should go out, you all can come too, I'm just not decided on where to go," he states. "We'll have something to eat and then we can see where we're going ok?" he asks. They nod and get up off the bed.

"What's the age limit here for drinking?" Julie asks.

"18," Logan said "but I own a few clubs so we can go there until we've gotten the fake ID's done," he said and we look at him. 

"I've been told they should be done by tomorrow," Carl said looking at him, he then turns and look at us "Why can't you all be legal that way you can do much better things," he says.

"Is it just me or is it weird that it's the girls that are underage here not the men," Scott says.

"Yes but unfortunately for you you're the only one that looks underage because of your height," I said mindlessly. They laugh and I frown and look at them from the mirror and then I realise what I've said. "I'm so sorry," I said looking at him and he looks down.

"You all act as if I'm about four foot I'm not I'm over 5ft I'm just not in the double digits when it comes to the inches part," he said sadly. 

"But I bet you make up for your height in your trousers," Julie said and I shake my head. "For all we know Logan could have a tiny one and you have one that knocks against your knee," I laugh and so does everyone else. 

"Julie, you will say anything to try and get me to show you my piece won't you," Logan said with a small smirk and she smiled. I smile at them and Logan walks towards me and sits down on the buffet. "Now all of you get out," he said and they walked out. He moves his arms around my waist and kisses my neck.

"Thank you for getting them to get me these," I said touching the makeup. 

"No problem as long as it makes you happy," he says.

"Because it's the mineral make up that covers scars I'll be able to cover my back which means I can wear a strapless dress and my arms and legs," I say.

"Your legs?" he asks. I sigh and look down.

"I have a few cuts and scratches on my legs," I said and he sighs and his grip loosens on my body.

"For crying out loud," he mutters but I hear him. "Why? And when?" he asks. 

"I don't know,"

"How can you not know?" he snaps and by his tone I can tell he didn't want to snap at me. He sighs again and rests his head on my back. "Sorry I don't mean to snap at you, it's just when you don't tell me these things and then I find out I feel so useless and I feel like I've been no help to you," he explains and I look down.

Logan lets go of me and stands up. I look at him and watch him walk into the wardrobe and then walk back out pulling a t-shirt over his head. "I need to make a few calls so I'll see you at dinner," he says and walks out of the room. I sigh and put my make up away.

###chapter 85
**Megan**

A few hours pass and I'm stood with Carl and Yasmin waiting for the others to get ready. I'm wearing a black ruffle dress that's belted and stops at the middle of my thighs. I look at Yasmin and she gives me a small smile.

"Are you sure I look ok?" I ask.

"Yes Megan," she groans. I look down.

"I'm going to try a different outfit," I said but she stops me by taking my hand.

"No you're not you've changed about five times and each time you looked amazing and you look amazing now so stop it.

"But,"

"No buts," Carl said looking at me "listen to her," he said sitting on the stairs. 

"Are you sure you can't see the scars on my legs?" I ask. 

"Megan we're going to be in the night club in the dark," Carl said and I look at him "No you can't see them not unless we really sit and stare at them," he says. I look down on myself. 

"I really should change," I said and they both glare at me. I look down. 

The dress covered the scars on my back unlike the other dresses but I wanted something to cover my legs. I'm wearing a bit of makeup to cover them and I'm wearing skin coloured sheer tights but I can still see them. 

I know it's in my head that others can but it makes me feel uncomfortable. To top it off Logan hasn't spoken to me since earlier. When we sat at the table for dinner he didn't said anything to me, he didn't even look at me. I understand he's angry about it but I didn't expect him to give me the cold shoulder over it. 

I hear the others start to come down the stairs. I look up to see everyone but Logan. I sigh and look at Carl.

"Go check on him," he said "and don't get changed," he orders. I nod and walk up the stairs past Melanie and to the room I'm staying in. I knock on the door and then slowly open the door to see Logan sat on the bed with his head in his hands. I walk towards him and sit next to him. 

"Are you ok?" I ask. He looks at me and takes my hand in his. 

"Yeah," he said, giving me a small smile and standing up. "You look beautiful," he said pulls me up to him. I smile a little and look down. "I'm sorry I've been a dick to you," he said, pulling me into a hug and kissing the top of my head. 

"It's ok," I say.

"I mean for everything not just for today," he said and I look up at him. 

"C'mon," I said and pull away. "I want to have a good night tonight," I say.

**Logan**

I love her so much and to know she hurts herself because of someone so insignificant it just angers me and upsets me all at the same time. 

She pulls away from me and reaches for her drink. I watch her finish off her drink and then look at me. We're sat on a chair at a small table. She's on my lap with her arm around my neck. 

"Are we going to a different club?" she asks me.

"Why? Are you bored of this one?" I ask. She nods and smiles as she kisses me again. I lift her up off my lap making her pull away. 

"What's wrong?" she asks.

"I need the loo," I said and she smiles.

"Say that again," she said smiling.

"I need the loo," I said standing and she smiles. I roll my eyes at her and finish off my beer. I give her a quick kiss and walk down the stairs to the toilets.

"Shake three times and your playing with yourself," I hear a voice say. I look to see Carl stood smiling at me. "There's a hot chick out there I'm going to nail once I'm finished here," he said and I roll my eyes. 

"I sometimes wonder if you stalk me and wait to corner me in a men's bathroom," I say. 

"Well when you put it that way," he says. I wash my hands and smirk at him.

"I'll tell you what if you get me really drunk I'll do you," I say.

"Really," he pauses "wait I'd have to get you paralytic drunk and that will cost me loads," he says. I smile "So if I get you so drunk that you pass out we can do it," I nod and his face lights up. "Really that is like the best news ever, but you better remember this conversation sunny boy," he said pointing his finger at me.

"I will," I said and walk out to see Megan stood leaning against a wall looking at her phone. I turn and look at Carl.

"Isn't she hot I'm going to be ramming those back doors in later," he says. I glare at him and he raises an eyebrow "That blonde is still out there isn't she," he says. 

"Good save," I said and he gives me a cheeky grin as he starts to have a pee. I look back at Megan to see her look at me and moves her arms around my neck and kiss me. My eyes widen a little and I push her away a little. "I think you've had a lot to drink," I say. She smiles and leans in to me again. I smile and move away. 

"I haven't, I just like kissing you," she said and I smile. 

"Well we're going to another club now," I said and Carl walks out of the bathroom. He looks at us and smiles. "Can you get everyone outside we'll be up in a minute we're off to another club," I explain.

"Which one?" he asks. 

"o2 academy if you want," I said and he sighs a little.

"I'll think of a place, Halo has cheaper drinks which means I don't have to spend as much to get inside you," he said and I tilt my head back and nock it against the wall.he said it so carelessly as if it was a natural thing to said to someone. 

"We'll see," I said and he walks off up the stairs. 

**Megan**

Logan pulls me into the men's and into a cubicle. I look at him and then around.

"Logan why have you-" he cuts me off and kisses me. I smile and wrap my arms around his neck. His tongue licks my bottom lip. I smile as I don't let him in. He sucks my bottom lip and moves away from me and kisses my jaw line. I pull back and let him kiss me the way he wants to.

I moan into the kiss as his hands move up and down my body. He pulls back from me and kisses my neck. His kisses are always so different but each one does the same to me. They make me want him a little bit more each time, I just wish I didn't have a fear of him. 

I move my hands through his hair, even with the product in it, it is still so soft. I bite my bottom lip as he gently squeezes and massages my breasts, his lips still softly touching my neck, he nips my skin every few kisses. 

He starts to leave a trail of hot kisses up my neck and jawline to my lips. He nibbles on my lips and the starts to kiss me passionately and I can feel this kiss becoming more as I feel one of his hands moves to the back of my neck and slowly start to unzip my dress. I smile into the kiss causing him to stop unzipping my dress and pull back. He kisses my cheek, I smile at him and move my hand to my lips.

"I think you need to shave, you must have missed this part," I said moving a my hand to his lips and stroking the top of his lips with my index finger and I can feel a bit of stubble. He smiles at my action and gives me an Eskimo kiss. His lips skim mine and he kisses me again. I hear the toilet door open and I pull away. Logan moves his hands to my waist and presses my body to his. 

"Oi horny messes come on we're all waiting," I hear Carl said out loud. I laugh a little and watch Logan put the toilet seat down and then sit on the basin. He takes my hand and I stand on the toilets lid and sit on his 
knee. He moves his hand up my back and zips my dress back up. 

"Shh," Logan said putting a finger to his lips. I smile and kiss him on the cheek and down to his neck.

"I know you're not in the girls because that's full of skimpy dressed women this one isn't now come out," he orders and we hear him open each cubical door. I get up and step down. I take Logan's hand and pull him up. 

I unlock the cubicle door and pull him out with me to see a very angry Carl. "What is the meaning of this?" he asks tapping his foot.

"Logan he did it not me," I say.

"I'm sorry," Logan said looking down. 

"Jeez you're like two teenagers," he said walking out and holding the door open with his foot.

"I am a teenager," I said and he shakes his head. I laugh and walk with Logan and him up the stairs and out of the club. 

###chapter 86
**Megan**

I take off my dress and tights and walk into the walk in wardrobe. I pull on a pair of night bottoms and a vest top. I walk back out to see Logan laid on the bed. He sits up and looks at me.

"Are you going to join me on this bed?" he asks tilting his head at me. I smile and walk towards him. He pulls me on top of him and kisses me. He plays with my hands with his and then pulls back and lays down. "You've had a lot to drink," he says. I smile and lay down next to him. 

"So have you," I said and lay my head on his chest. His hand moves around my shoulders and then down my back to my bum "you're so smooth," I said and he laughs. 

"I do try," he said and a comfortable silence laces over us. I watch him as he twines his fingers with mine. "When's your birthday?" he asks. 

"It's been and gone," I said closing my eyes.

"What? When?" he asks.

"It was the day after valentines day," I say.

"What the hell?" he said getting up and looking down at me. "Why didn't you tell me or said anything?" he asks.

"I didn't think it was relevant,"

"Your birthday?" he asks "you don't think your birthday is relevant," he shakes his head in disbelief and sighs.

"I haven't celebrated my birthday in a while," I said "so it's not a relevant day to me," I said and waft my hand in my face trying to cool myself down. He places his hand on my leg and looks down.

"I'm shocked, I really can't believe you find your birthday unimportant," he said shaking his head. I smile at him and close my eyes. I feel him move and his hand move off my leg. The feeling of his lips on my neck made me smile. My eyes open and I let him kiss up my neck to my chin. He looks at me and moves fully on top of me. "It's nice to be able to kiss you without having Max barking at me," he says.

"Hmm it's only because you've not let him in the room which is unfair," I say.

"It's unfair that he doesn't allow me to kiss my girlfriend, I'm the real victim," he says. I laugh and move my arms around his neck and kiss him on the lips. 

Our kisses all night have been passionate and lust filled but it's these kisses I like the most. The innocent soft and gentle ones, the ones that give me butterflies and make me smile every time. He pulls back and moves off me sitting up. I move a leg on his lap and sit up. He looks at me and I smile. 

"Let me get changed and I shall be back," he says.

"Why do you need to get changed you always sleep in your boxers," I said and he smiles and takes his top off. 

"Exactly," he said and unbuckles his jeans. I move my leg off him and lay back. I frown when I notice he's wearing bold blue boxers.

"Are you wearing superman boxers?" I ask.

"Yeah," he said and I laugh "what? Don't you think they suit me?" he asks standing up "I'm sure they make my butt look amazing," he said turning to show me his butt which had a big Superman logo imprinted onto it.

"They do but still I never imagined you to be in Superman boxers," I explain.

"What boxers do you imagine me in?" he asks smiling at me and sitting back on the bed.

"Well your usual Calvin Klein and just plain black or grey ones," I said and he lays next to me. I turn on my side and he moves his hands to my hips. 

"How is your nose feeling? Does it hurt?" he asks and strokes my nose with his index finger on his right hand. I close my eyes and then look at him. His clear blue eyes staring back at me, I shake my head and he pulls me close to him so we're touching. He kisses my nose and smiles to himself. "Good, I was genuinely scared," he said and I frown. "I just knew there was something wrong and when we found where he was and that the doors were locked everything just went through my mind," he explains. 

"Aww bless you," I said stroking a bit of his hair and tucking it behind his head.

"I did not expect to see what I saw when I opened the door," he says. "I'm really proud of you," he said and kisses my cheek.

"What? For stabbing him?" I ask. He nods and kisses my shoulder. 

"It may be a violent act but I really don't care, I hope you've killed him," he pauses and we're silent. 

He then pulls away from me and lays on his back. He moves his hand to his face and it's then I notice he's crying. My eyes widen and I almost feel a bit awkward, why is he crying? Isn't it supposed to me because I'm the girl and I've drunk a little more than him tonight? 

"Logan," I said sitting up and crossing my legs. He sits up and puts his back to me. "Logan," I said and move next to him.

"I'm so sorry," he said and I frown.

"Logan you're really freaking me out why are you being so..." I sigh as a word isn't coming into my head. "Why are you saying sorry?" I ask instead. He doesn't answer me and I get up and stand in front of him. I move onto my knees and look at him. "Logan," I say. He wasn't a person to cry he's cried once in front of me and it wasn't like this, it was probably a teardrop, I didn't even see his face when he did cry. "Logan, you're scaring me," I said and I can feel myself getting upset. 

Logan clears his throat and wipes his eyes" It's nothing," he said and hugs me. I frown and pull away from him. 

"No Logan it's not nothing, tell me," I demand and stand up he sighs and looks down. 

"I promised you I'd not let him hurt you not ever and then he did and I feel like I've let you down and that I'm to blame,"

"What?" I said and smile a little and move a hand through his hair. "You're really stupid," I said and he looks up at me. I move on top of him move my hands to his head making him look at me. "Do you think I blame you?" I ask.

"You should," he said looking down.

"Well tough I don't," I said and kiss him on the lips. "Very far from it, you may not ever understand how I felt when I heard you come through that door because at that moment it was probably the best sound I had ever heard in my life because I truly thought he was going to get his way," I pause and look him in the eyes "don't blame yourself, I don't blame you not one bit," I say. "Now can I have a kiss?" I ask causing him to nod in respond and lean in to kiss me.

He lays down and moves on top of me. The feeling of his hands moves under my top didn't faze me, I do want to go a little further with him I just get so nervous with him. With Brendan and Carl I've been drunk each time, I didn't even know Carl had name, well I did but I didn't remember it the next morning. Logan's just completely different, I'm nervous of the fact once we do take our relationship a little further he'll want to go a little more. The nightmares of him don't help me either.  

The door opens causing Logan to pull away from me, I look to see Carl had been the one to open the door and Max runs in.

"Sorry it's just your dog was laid out here doing nothing and looking all sad, carry on with your foreplay," he said "Nice boxers I have some exactly the same," he said "and a bat..." he cuts off once Max had finished looking around the room and started barking at Logan once again. I frown and Logan gets off me and he stops. I move all my weight onto my elbows and look at Max. He jumps up on the bed and looks at me. Logan moves back on top of me to hug me and Max starts to bark again. 

"What is wrong with you?" Logan asks. 

"Why? What?" Carl asks. 

"He just barks at me every time I touch her," Logan said and I can see how frustrated he is over it. 

"Is it just you?" Carl asks walking in and sitting on the bed. 

"I don't know, see if he does it to you," Logan says. Carl leans close to me and hugs me and Max barks at him and starts to growl while moving on the bed. "He never used to do it," Logan said and strokes him. I look down at Max. 

"Maybe he's protective of me," I said and they look at each other then at Max then at me. 

"Maybe," they said at the same time. 

"Are you coming down to play a bit of poker?" Carl asks Logan "have you been crying?" Carl asks and looks at him more. 

"No," he pauses "Megan hit me," he said and my jaw drops and then closes as Carl looks at me. 

"Feisty, I like," he pauses "by the way my plan is going well," he said looking at me and winking "I shall be one with the Irish," he said and I then click on what he's on about. My jaw drops as he gets up and walks out of our room.

"What's he on about?" Logan asks. 

"He's trying to get into Yasmin but she's a hard girl to seduce. Many have tried and failed," I explain and Logan shakes his head and stands up. 

"C'mon boy," he said, walking towards the door and opening it. Max doesn't move causing Logan to sigh and walk towards him and pull Max by the collar. He pulls him off the bed and out of the room. He stands at the door, shutting it a little so Max can't get past him. "I love you, I really do but I can't take you doing this anymore," he pauses "I'm sorry we will talk in the morning," he said and shuts the door. I start to laugh at him and he looks at me "That's how you break up with your dog,"

"Thanks for the lesson, I shall use it later on in life," I said and take my bottoms off.

"Ohh we're getting naked ok," he said and I smile at him and watch him climb into bed. I get in and turn the lamp off. 

"What are we doing tomorrow?" I ask laying me head on his chest. He strokes up and down my back.

"Why don't we go shopping, I need to get a tuxedo or suit one or the other. We'll go into Leeds, we would go to London but there are certain people I don't want to know I'm here," he says.

"Who is that?" 

"The managers of my company, if they know I'm here they'll start making me have meetings with them," he says. I move my hand up to his neck and twirl the bit of hair at the nape of his neck with my fingers. 

"Oh, what sort of meetings?" I ask.

"Very long meetings that will probably take up most of my time here," he states and I look down.  "They will probably find out but hopefully it won't be this week," he said and tightens his arms around my waist. 
###chapter 87
**Megan**

My whole body felt so relaxed and comfortable, I didn't want to move but it seemed Max had other plans. I can feel him licking my fingers. I open my eyes and look down at him and move my hand onto his head. He barks and jumps up at me and starts to lick my face. I move away from him and groan in disapproval of his way of waking me up.

"I'm up go away," I said trying to push the husky away from me. I look to where Logan lays to see he isn't there but there is a black box with a white ribbon and a card. I sit up and move my hands through my hair. I

look at Max and he tilts his head at me. I smile and pat the bed he jumps on it and starts to lick my face again.

"Max lay down," I order and he lays pretty much in between my legs. I reach for the card and open it to see 'To my Girlfriend on Her Birthday,' I raise my eyebrows and open the card to see it had no printed writing just what Logan had wrote.

'To Megan, You should have told me it was your birthday so this is your fault that it's late if it's late next year which it won't be it will be my fault. Anyway hope you had an amazing day which I know you didn't because you didn't tell me it was your birthday. Happy Birthday Babe, Logan xxx. P.S do you like being called babe if you don't tell me. Xxx'

I smile and pick up the black box with a white ribbon. I untie the ribbon and open the black box to see another box in white with the word 'Pandora,' etched into the velvet in black. I open the box to see a silver and gold charmed bracelet with pink hearts. I take the bracelet out of the box and unclip it and hold it in front of Max.

"It's really pretty isn't it?" I said to Max he just looks at me and I smile "and heavy for a charm bracelet and it's by Pandora," I said and put the bracelet on. I then get up out of bed and pull on my bottoms. Max sits up and looks at me. I walk out of the bedroom and down the stairs. I walk into the living room to see he wasn't there I then walk into the dining room to see him sat eating breakfast.

Everyone is up apart from Brendan. Logan his sat with his back to me and he's reading the paper. I walk up behind him and move my arms around him.

"Morning," he said taking a sip of his drink.

"Thank you," I whisper in his ear.

"Do you like it?" he asks.

"Yes I do," I said and he moves his hand to my wrists and strokes the bracelet.

"I'm glad took my awhile to pick it,"

"He's a little liar he just went into the shop and went I want that one, didn't even batter an eyelid at the 2k price,"

"Carl," Logan growls and picks up his phone and throws it at him. Carl ducks and the phone hits the back of his chair with a thud.

"Did you see how hard he threw that? He would have took off my head if I didn't duck," Carl said

"Too bad you ducked then," Yasmin said taking a sip of her coffee and Carl looks at her in disbelief.

"I bet you like it rough don't you,"

"Why what?" Julie asks ignoring Carl

"Everyone ignores me it's not fair," he huffs

"I bought her a bracelet for her birthday but she didn't tell me it was in February after valentines day," he said and looks at me. I smile and sit down in the seat next to him and look at him.

"Two grand?" I ask and he just glares at Carl "why would you spend that much on me?" I ask "and for my birthday at that,"

"Megan accept the gift and if you're not happy with it give it away," he said looking at me and then standing up "I'll get your breakfast," he said and walks out. I smile and then notice everyone looking at me.

"What?" I ask.

"Can I talk to you?" Melanie suddenly says. I look at her and nod.

"Now or..." I say.

"Urm just when you've got some time," she says.

"We can talk now," I said getting up. She looks at her boyfriend and I then realise she's actually in a mood with him. I frown and follow her out of the room to the stairs. "What's wrong?" I ask.

"What do you think of Cade?" she asks.

"Quiet," I said and she looks down.

"We had an argument last night," she says.

"Really?" I ask and she nods "that's surprising, you haven't been going out for long,"

"I know it wasn't anything serious really, I think the alcohol influenced it more than anything," she says.

"What was the argument about?" I ask.

"He wanted to sleep in my bed with me, Julie had crashed out on the couch down here and we were going to bed and he got a bit full on," she said and looks down. I look down at her and smile "I think we're ok now though it's just he gets a little funny with me sometimes,"

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Angry like not all the time but sometimes I'll go to meet him and he'll just snap at me for nothing,"

"Maybe he's stressed out,"

"That's what I thought because he's been getting loads of work and I told him it was ok for us not to meet if he needed to do work but he say's it's find but then he gets stressed at me," she said and looks at me.

"Has she said sorry yet?" I ask and she shakes her head.

"Well wait and see if he said sorry to you for last night," I said and she nods and stands up. I hug her. "Are you coming shopping?" I ask.

"Yeah Logan told us about it," she said and I pull back. She takes my right hand and looks at the Bracelet Logan got me. "It's really pretty," she said and then looks at me "you look like you're starting to feel happy," she says.

"I think I am," I said and smile. She smiles and hugs me.

"I'm glad," she said and holds me tightly "I do hope he doesn't screw up," she said and I smile.

"So do I," I said and walk with her back into the dining room to see Logan back at the table and a bowl of coco pops. I sit down in my seat and look at them.

"What's wrong?" Logan asks.

"Nothing it's just been a very long time since I've had these," I said and he looks at me. "I'll just shut up and eat," I said and he smiles.

"George," he says.

"Yes sir," I look around and see him walk into the dining room from the kitchen.

"Can you get me the amount of money I'm allowed to spend?" he asks "please," he adds and George nods. "I don't understand why I'm still on a budget it's unfair," Logan said and Carl laughs.

"Well do we really need to go into the reasons," Carl said and Logan gets up.

"It's my money," he said finishing his drink.

"Don't act like a spoilt Brat," Scott says. I look at Melanie and give her a small smile.

"Where's Brendan?" I ask now ignoring Logan's conversation.

"He's not well, he's got a headache," she said "it's not a hangover cause he only had one beer last night and was on Cola all night," she states.

"He said he wasn't feeling well last night," Yasmin says. I frown and look down.

"He's asleep at the moment," Cade said and that's probably the first time I've heard him speak.

"Ok," I said "I'll go see him when we get back," I said and start to eat my breakfast.

Logan opens the briefcase and looks inside it. I lean forward and just see money. I look at him and I'm watching him count it. He takes two wads out and then closes the suit case. He then leans over and places it on the passenger seat of the limo.

"Is it just that amount?" he asks the driver named David.

"No you have an extra 500 thousand for this year you've already spent 100,000 this year," he said and Logan sighs "I know it's not fair but that's what you get for blowing three million in one year on parties,"

Logan smirks to himself and looks out of the window. I move his arm over my shoulder and lay my head on his chest.

"They have heard of your arrival," David said and Logan sighs "you have meetings with them starting tonight," he said and Logan looks at me.

"Looks like we should make the best of today," he said "well I should," he mutters afterwards.
###chapter 88
**Megan**

Logan moves his hand into mine as we walk out of a shop. He had just bought himself a pair of trainers and me a pair of boot, I insisted on not having them but he ignored me. I'm not complaining though I do like the boots, I could have bought them myself.

"Can we go in that shop?" Julie asks. We look at her to see her pointing to another clothes shop.

"Go ahead," he said "I'll wait out here," he said and Melanie, Julie and Yasmin walk off into the shop.

"I'm going to go with them," I said and kiss him on the lips. He smiles and I walk into the shop.

A sigh escapes me as I pick up another dress I like that is too revealing for me to wear. If I didn't have the scars on my back I'd buy this dress in a heartbeat. It's a black bodycon dress that's backless. A girl stood opposite to me looks at me and frowns. I give her a small smile and put the dress back. I turn and walk towards the accessories part of the shop to see Melanie there with Cade. She looks at me and gives me a smile.

"Are you ok?" she asks. I nod and look at the scarf she's holding in her hand. "Do you like it? He's saying it's not me, it is isn't it?" she said holding it out to me. It's a dark grey scarf with white skulls on.

"Yeah," I said and hand it back to her "you should know she likes hers skulls and black," I said to Cade and he shrugs.

"Whatever I don't particularly like it but if she wants it she can have it," he says.

"Oh I'm so glad I have your permission," she snaps and I look away from them.

"Awkward," I said slowly as it stays silent. I then notice a leopard print bag "Oh I like this," I said walking towards it and taking it from the shelf.

"He's such a dick," I hear Melanie say. I look at her then look around to see Cade was gone. "I want rid of him," I laugh and hold the bag to her. "Urgh just wish I never invited him he's so boring," she said and I laugh.

"In what way?" I ask and she looks at me and smiles.

"Don't be so dirty, he's boring in that aspect too but it's not just that he's so unsociable, he's in college for crying out loud, you'd expect him to be a little sociable," she said and I smile a little. "We haven't had sex by the way, that's starting to annoy me too," I frown at her "he keeps pressuring me it's getting annoying," she says.

"Hmm well as long as it doesn't go further than just pressuring," I said and she looks at me.

"It won't and that bag is nice for you, you know it's not my type of bag," she says. I smile and she hooks her arm with mine.

"Where are Julie and Yasmin gone?" I ask.

"They went downstairs there are more clothes downstairs apparently," she said and leads me to the escalator leading down. We walk towards Yasmin and Julie to see them looking at what seems more dresses.

"I think you'd look like a girl from the red light district to be honest Julie," Yasmin said as Julie holds a dress up to her body that barely covers her. Julie laughs and puts the dress back. They look at us as we stand in front of them. I place the bag I want into Yasmin's basket and smile at her.

"Where's Cade?" Julie asks.

"Boresville," Melanie says. I laugh and so do they, "he's gone in a mood somewhere, I don't really care," she says.

"Don't say that," Yasmin said "he's not that boring is he?" she asks.

"We have nothing in common at all, I've got more in common with my dead goldfish than him," she said and I shake my head. "I bet you, you have more things in common with Logan that what I have with Cade," she says.

"We like the same music if that counts," I say.

"And you can both draw, you both like to draw, read, write, and you both play the piano," Melanie said "At least that's more than me and Mr Boring," she says.

"And we like the same movies," I said "and he takes as much pride in his hair as what I do with mine," I said and they all look at me. "You should watch him get ready one morning it's like a whole routine for his hair," I said and they smile.

"And you're both hot," Julie said as she starts to look at a few tops. "Only half of Melanie's relationship is hot," Julie said and Melanie looks at her "I didn't said it was Cade," she said looking at Melanie "he's just good looking nothing more you know, it's hard to fully explain but it's that look that makes you only attracted to them for about a week," she said and I smile.

"And you look good in his t-shirts," Yasmin suddenly said and we look at her "what it's a good thing," she said and I smile.

"It's only because he works out,"

"Exactly," Yasmin said "what I would give to just have a boyfriend who had that kind of body," she said and I roll my eyes.

"Girls are we talking about me," we hear Carl say. We look to see him walking towards us, "Or Logan?" he asks.

"Logan," Yasmin says.

"Get him drunk and he's anyone's," he said and I shake my head as I look through more clothes. "I mean anyone's seriously I had a chance but I had a stupid boyfriend and he just made it difficult," he pauses and looks towards me I give him a small smile and look at some jeans.

\---

We walk out of the store to see Logan talking to a blonde girl. I had bought the bag I saw and I bought a hat. Melanie hadn't bought anything, Julie bought two new dresses, I swear that girl has more dresses than she

has underwear and Yasmin bought a top. Carl tried to get Yasmin to try a very revealing dress on and well Yasmin being the girl she is crushed that in an instant.

"I'll get that redhead in my bed," Carl said and I look at him. "That rhymed," he said with a small smile.

"You keep thinking that," I said and look at Logan "who is that girl?" I ask Carl.

"Urm I think she's an old friend of his," he frowns "yeah I met her about two years ago," he says. I look away from him back to the girl. She wore black skinny's with black wedges and a silk top and a blazer. She run a hand through her hair as she smiles at him and then looks at her phone.

"Are they just friends?" I ask.

"Well now they are, I think they've slept together I don't really remember when I met her I think I was very drunk," he said and I nod. It looks as if she's telling him she has to go. "You can't be jealous of her," Carl says. I look at him and frown "Yeah she has a job most girls would be jealous of but she's just a friend, you'll find that he has more girl mates than he has guy mates it's just how it is. Plus he only used her for sex," he says.

"Yeah because that makes me feel better," I mutter.

"It should do, he doesn't see you like that," he said and I fold my arms and look at him "damn this is coming out all wrong," he said "I'm saying he wouldn't use you," he said "does that sound better?" he ask.

"Much," Yasmin said "what's her job?" she asks.

"She's models underwear," he said and Yasmin laughs.

"You just made it a whole lot worse," she said "you could have lied and said she was something like a model for extra plus size clothes or something," she said and I smile.

"With a body like hers," he said and walks off towards them. She said buy to Logan gives Carl a quick glance and smiles at him giving him a small wave and walking off.

"I hate her already," Julie says. I sigh and walk off into a music store. After about five minutes looking through a few CD's I'm now playing with the IPad on display. I'm playing the game Diner Dash.

"Are you ok?" I hear Logan's voice said in my ear as his arms move around my waist making me jump a little.

"Yeah," I said and put the IPad back on its charger and move out of his arms. He takes my hand in his as I walk towards the game section of the shop.

"Carl told me that you were a bit pissed off," he says.

"I'm not," I say, I am but I guess it's mostly because he never told me we were going to be bumping into people he has slept with.

"C'mon you are and I understand but just so you know she's not even a friend she's more of a person you said hi to every now and then," he says.

"Ok," I said and let go of his hand as I read the back of a game. He sighs at me moves his hand onto my bum. I move it and he sighs.

"Well ok then I'm going home ring me when you're out of this mood with me," he said and walks away from me. I look at him and put the game back.

"Ok I will do," I said and he turns and looks at me. I smirk and he frowns at me. "I'm not in a mood with you, I'd be a crap girlfriend if I went in a mood with you over talking to another girl," I said and reach over to him and take his hand in mine. "I just didn't expect to bump into people you've slept with,"

"I didn't plan it," he says.

"I know," I said and I pull him with me back to the IPad to play on it again. "I'm just being weird," I said and he moves his arms around me and kisses my shoulder.

"You're not I get moody whenever I see you talking to Tyler," he said "but I love the fact you get jealous," he said and moves his hand down to my bum.

"Shut up," I mumble he chuckles to himself and starts to play my game.

"Do you want to go for something to eat?" he asks. "Just me and you though," he says. I look at the time to see it's nearly three in the afternoon. "Or we can go see a movie then go for something to eat," he said and I look at him. "I got a text and my uncle is back at the house so if we go back I'll be in a meeting pretty much all night," he says.

"I guess we could then," I said and lean up and kiss him on the lips. "They may want to come with us to see the movie though," I said and he sighs.

"I guess but I'm not paying for them, I'll pay for your ticket though and anything else you want," he said putting the IPad down and move both his hands around my waist.

"C'mon before people start staring in disgust at us," I said taking his hand in mine and walking to the posters which is where nearly everyone is. "We're thinking of going to see a movie," I said and they look at us.

"Just you two?" Carl asks.

"Where's Melanie and Cade?" Logan asks looking around.

"They went somewhere more private," Julie said with a laugh.

"They went to the coffee shop across as they started arguing," Yasmin says.

"Again just you two?" Carl asks.

"You can come if you want," Logan says. "But you pay for yourselves," he said and I look at him.

"Could you have said that any harsher?" I ask and he smiles at me.

"Sorry," he said and we walk out of the music store.
###chapter 89
**Megan**

Logan moves his arm over my shoulders as I sit next to him with a bucket of popcorn. I put the popcorn on his lap, he puts it on the seat next to him and takes his jacket off. He moves his arm back around my shoulders and kisses my cheek. I turn to look at him to see him smile pull me close to him. I turn and watch Melanie sit down next to me.

"Where's Cade?" I ask.

"I don't know and I don't care," she said harshly and I smile at her. "He's at the toilet," she said with a sigh "I hope he gets lost," she says.

I sigh and look at Logan to see him putting his phone on silent and placing it in his back pocket. He looks at me and leans in to kiss me. I smile as he kisses me and move my hand to the back of his neck.

"God get a room," Melanie said and I pull away and sigh.

"Why don't you get a room with that mood of yours?" Logan snaps "Moody bitch," he says. I smirk a little and try to hide it before Melanie sees it but she does and it causes her to get up and sit a space away from me.

"I'd hate to be her boyfriend," he said "I'd probably kill myself,"

"Shut up," I said knocking his leg with mine.

"I'm just saying," he pauses "she's too moody for her own good," he says, I roll my eyes at him and move my head onto his chest. Yasmin sits down next to me and looks at us. I sit up properly and she smiles.

"What's wrong with Melanie?" she asks.

"What's right with her," Logan says.

"Logan stop it, Logan annoyed her so she's sitting over there,"

"Oh well Carl will probably annoy her too then," she says. I look to see Carl sat between Yasmin and Melanie. Cade sits next to her and Scott sits next to him with Julie next to Scott.

"Remind me to see how Brendan is when we get in," I said and look at Logan. He nods as he watches one of the commercials.

"I don't mean to sound a bitch but she is doing my heading a little, all she's done is complain," she said and looks at me "you don't even hear half of the things she complains about," she pauses "not that you would want to," she said and I frown. "I'll tell you another time," she adds and looks at Carl.

Logan sighs loudly causing me to look at him.

"She complains about us one of the servants told me this morning," he said "I personally couldn't give two flying ducks about what she thinks about me," he said and looks at me.

"Neither do I," I said and kiss him on the lips. He pulls me closer to him by my waist, the cinema goes dark and I lean back close to him to kiss him.

"I know you two never get to do that in public but if I hear any kissing noises or any other sexual noises while I'm watching this film I will kill you both," Yasmin says. I pull back from the kiss and look at her "I'm not saying don't kiss just be quiet about it ok," she states and smiles at us both.

"We will," Logan said "or we'll move away," he said and I laugh a little and look at him. He reaches for the popcorn and places it in between us.

\----

Logan moves his arms around me as we stand outside a place they call The Light waiting for Carl and Scott. He moves his hands onto my bum and kisses my cheek. I smile and look around realising we're hugging in

public; we hardly go out back home just in case we get carried away with ourselves. The wrong kind of people could notice we're more than just friends or teacher and student and we just can't risk it.

"What do you want to eat?" he asks. "There's Portuguese chicken or we can go for Japanese or Chinese or a buffet that's all different cuisine," he said and I smile at him.

"You pick," I said and move my hands inside his jacket.

"Are you cold?" he asks. I nod and he me pulls close to him and wraps his arms around my shoulders. "Are you lot going home?" he asks. "You're not invited to eat with us," he said and I laugh.

"You said it so nicely," I said quietly and watch Carl and Scott join us.

"Carl ring Harrison to pick you all up or do more shopping we're going for something to eat," he said to Carl.

"I'm not invited?" he asks sadly and Logan shakes his head. "I'm facebook divorcing you," he said and huffs.

"Wow don't do anything heartbreaking to him will you," Scott said

"That is a big thing though," I said "facebook makes it official," I said and Carl laughs.

"I didn't even know I was married," Logan said and I look up at him "So where do you want to eat?" he asks.

"I'll go for the save option and Chicken," I said and he smiles. "Good you'll like this place it's nice," he said and takes my hand and starts to pull me back into the shopping centre called The Light. I look at the other "I guess we're going, bye," I said giving them a quick wave and walking with Logan.

**Logan**

I take Megan's hand in mine as we walk out of the restaurant. Her hands are thin and feminine very different to mine. She doesn't bite her nails but she doesn't grow them, she files them down every two weeks. Her hands always feel soft and delicate in my hands like if I squeeze her hand a little I feel I may break her hand.

"Do you want to go for a drink?" I ask and she looks at me.

"I think it would be best if we went back to the mansion," she said and moves closer to me.

"I guess," I said and move my arm around her shoulders. "Do you want to get a bus or a car back?" I ask and she shivers. "I think the car because you're cold," I said taking my jacket off and moving it over her.

"Do you remember the first time I wore your jacket?" she asks and I look at her and shake my head. She smiles and looks down while taking my hand in hers. "I think you do really, it was the night I stayed at Julies and well we got a little more friendly that we should have at the time," she said and I frown.

"You're going to have to help me out as we've got a little bit too friendly a lot of times," I said and she smiles to herself and looks down.

"The night Julie started looking through your wallet and I was on the phone to you," she said and it's like a bell goes off in my head and I smile and look at her.

"I remember now," I say.

"Can we get the bus because won't that take longer which would mean longer before you have to be in a meeting all night?" she asks.

"Yes it will so we can," I said "we have quite a walk to the bus stop though," I said and she nods and smiles. "I'll get you a coffee," I said and head towards a coffee shop. Megan follows me and stands next to me as we stand in line.

"If I could eat more food I'd eat that chocolate cake," she said with a smile while eying up a chocolate cake that had chocolate icing in the middle and on top and down the side.

"Well I can fit more so I think I may get some of these little sweet things," I said and she looks at me and I move my arm around her shoulders. "The bus ride is long you know," I inform her and she just shrugs and moves her arm around me and I feel her hand go into my back pocket.

"Can I help?" I hear someone say. I look to see a skinny looking guy behind the counter.

"Urm yeah I'll have tea and she'll have..." I trail off and look at her "a caramel hot chocolate," I said and look at her to see her smile and point to the cake. "And a slice of the chocolate fudge cake to go," I said and felt Megan squeeze my bum. I look at her and she smiles and looks away from me. I smile to myself, this has got to be the most relaxed I've felt in a long time. No worrying about people seeing us, no worry of being too abrupt, just pure relaxation and comfort with having her next to me.

Looking down at her I know that I'll be happy with her completely even more once we can go public. Being able to show everyone just how much I love and adore her will be the best feeling in the world. But right now

I have to be patient even though it may take a while as they said patience is a virtue.

"Logan," she said, catching my attention. I blink and look at her to see her looking at me expectedly with a cup in her hand.

"Is this yours sir," one of the workers asks me. I look at him to see him holding a cup up to me "Tea?" he asks. I nod.

"Sorry, long day," I said and took the cup. "Thank you," I said and walked to the counter with condiments. "Why didn't you take it for me?" I ask Megan.

"Because I've got the cake," she said, holding a paper bag up. I nod and put sugar in my tea. "You can hold this, seen as though you got it," she said and I took the bag off her and picked up my tea. She takes my hand in hers and we walk out of the coffee shop. "Will there be any shops open now?" she asks. I frown and look at my watch to see it's half six.

"I can only think of two that will be open," I said and looked at her.

"Can we take a look?" she asks. I nod and turn to go up the hill of shops.

"Why?" I ask.

"I just want to see if there's a jacket I like," she says.

"Are you still cold?" I ask.

"No but you'll be cold soon and well I'm not sharing," she said with a small smile and took a sip of her hot chocolate. I sigh and shake my head at her. She moves closer to me and moves her hand out of mine and around my waist and into my back pocket.

We cross a road and walk down a wide street of shops. I look at her to see her looking around at each shop even though most of them are closed or just closing.

"Did you just see that?" she said, catching my attention. I look where she's looking to see she's looking at a blonde girl who is looking back at us.

"What?" I ask.

"She just undressed you with her eyes," she said and I looked at her. "I must be invisible," she said and I smiled a little and moved my arm around her shoulders.

"I like the green eyed monster in you," I said and she looked at me.

"I'm not jealous, I'm just shocked at the balls on some people, stupid tart," she said and took a sip of her hot chocolate. I laugh and pull her closer to me and kiss her on her head. We walk into House of Fraser (which is a department store) and she looks around. I move my hand off her and walk out of her grasp.

"Text me when you've found something," I said to her and she nodded and walked off. I walk towards the jewellery section and look at watches.

After a few minutes I feel someone watching me. I look around to see a short middle aged blonde woman in a green silk blouse and a black waist high skirt. She gives me a warm smile
###chapter 90
**Logan**

"I think you should repeat yourself," I say as I sit down and look at him "do keep in mind I'm your boss," I say and he sits down at the other side of the table. He sighs and moves his hand to his mouth and look at the other four men in the room.

"When you left in June you were told a relationship wasn't the best idea for you," he says and I nod "and well we have looked into her background," he says slowly and looks at me. He then looks down and then back at me "Given what she has been through we don't think it is in your best interest to be with her," he explains.

"I don't care what you think," I say and he sighs.

"We thought you may say that, that is why these were taken earlier today," he says as he opens the brief case in front of him and takes out some papers. He slides them across the table to me and I look at them to see their pictures of Megan and me. One picture of us holding hands, one of us hugging and another of us kissing.

"Why are you showing me these?" I ask.

"I know how much you love living in America and teaching but these could make it so you can't live in America and teach," he says. I smile a little and shake my head. "We just think it would be so much easier if you ended it with her rather than us doing it for you," he explains.

"You wouldn't expose us no matter how much you want to," I say and he raises an eyebrow "I'm the owner and it's not going to look good for you who is the face of this company if it comes out that I'm seeing a student," I explain and he sighs deeply. "Carry on..." I say.

"Well you'll have to end it with her sooner or later as you have to come back to the company this year," he explains "because of the recession we are losing money and will need you to attend all events to boost the company profit margins," he explains.

"I still don't have to break up with her, she can come back to England with me," I say.

"You could but I'm sure you remember your parents relationship and how that was," he explains. I sigh and look away from him "I thought you did," he says "the travelling your father did and the cheating they both did,"

"We're not like that," I say.

"You've already cheated on the poor girl Logan," he says and I look at him "her friend likes to talk," he says.

"And your point," I say and he smirks.

"You're just like your father, he neglected your mother because of work and his own mistresses," he explains. "And I'm sure you know why your mother cheated," he says and I clench my fists. "It will end up the same, you will end up the same as them," he explains and I sigh.

"You don't know that," I say "and I'm not like my father," I say.

"No you're more honest," he says and I stand.

"I'll tell you what we'll make some cutbacks to get back the profit, we'll start by letting some people go. Starting with you five," I say with a smile and walk out of the meeting room. I wasn't going to have him telling me what to do. I walk into the dining room to see Megan sat talking to Yasmin. I give her a small smile and walk towards the liquor cabinet and open it up.

"Are you been sneaky?" she asks.

"You could say that," I say and pour myself some brandy.

"Logan you can't be serious," My uncle says walking in.

"I'm deadly serious, sacking you will save my company roughly about 1 and a half million a year," I explain.

"If you sack me you will have to come back to England," he says.

"No I won't, I could find a five year old to do your job to be honest," I say turning to look at him and he sighs.

"Ok, ok we'll come to an understanding," he says and I tilt my head at him as I take a sip of my drink "please come back inside," he begs and I smirk a little.

"Ok," I say and pick up the bottle of brandy. He looks at me and sighs and I follow him back to the meeting room but not before giving Megan a quick kiss.

**Megan**

"You two seem really relaxed and happy," Yasmin says and I smile a little. She laughs at me "Aww that's cute," she says and I look down.

"Well things are going good for once,"

"I've noticed," she says.

"The only problem we have is Melanie, I don't understand why she's being the way she is. It's so annoying it's like she hates us being together," I say causing her to sigh and frown as if she's thinking.

"It's jealousy," she suddenly says and I frown "if I remember correctly she liked Logan for a while and I'm guessing she is a little bit jealous of you not him, you. The reason she takes it out on him is because she can't take it out on you," Yasmin explains. I frown at how weird yet logical it sounds.

"Maybe, I don't really want to think that about her because well she is my friend," I say and she nods showing she understands.

"I could be wrong, but let's face it I'm never wrong," she says with a small smile and I giggle. "Ok enough about that I want to know about you and Logan," she says with a grin. I smile and look away from her and shake my head a little "c'mon there's got to be something going on with you two tonight," she says and my smile widens.

"I don't know," I say with a shrug of my shoulders. "I'll have to tell you in the morning," I say getting up and walk out of the dining room.

"Fine but you better tell me in detail," she says walking up from behind me.

"What if nothing happens?" I ask and she smiles.

"If nothing happens then you're off the hook but you have to tell me as soon as something does, I hate not being the first person to know things," she says frowning at herself as she said the last bit.

**Logan**

I lean back in my chair and listen to them as they tell me how many cuts they need to make within the company. From what they have told me we need to make 500 job cuts and I don't feel very confident in doing so. It seems cruel to sack people especially in this economy.

"If we want to make profit next year then these cuts are necessary," my uncle says with a wide smile. I sigh and look away from him.

"Ok, how about we demote a few instead, obviously it would be more than five hundred but it would mean having people keep their jobs," I suggest and he shakes his head. "Let me look over the data and statistics and I'll tell you my decision on this in the morning," I say and he sighs "next subject," I say.

"Logan you can't just keep dismissing things," he says and I close my eyes.

"I don't even want to be here," I say and poor myself another drink. "So can we just move onto the next subject," I say.

"Fine we have a prospective client on the phone," he states and I groan in response this was great I'm going to be here for hours. There's probably more than one client. Last time I was here he said there was only one client. It turned out to be 14 and I was stuck in a meeting room for days.

"I think I'm going to need more," I say, shaking my glass towards my butler and he laughs a little at me.
###chapter 91
**Logan**

"Logan," I hear someone call and by the sound of his voice it's Carl. I lift my head and look at the door.

"In here," I say and move my legs up on the coffee table. I'm sat in the more quiet areas of the mansion. It's one of my favourite rooms in the house due to the fact it's so much easier to think in here.

"What's wrong?" he asks walking towards me and sitting on the couch and laying back. I shake my head and rest my head on my fist.

"Is everyone in bed?" I ask.

"Yeah, Megan went to bed quite early, we were watching a film and she just walked out, I checked on her though and she just told me she was tired," he says and I nod. "What's happened?" he asks.

"Well they asked me to break up with Megan, well more or less ordered me to, and I have to cut jobs and I made 200 million, but that still means I have to cut jobs," I explain.

"Wow, what did you say?" he asks.

"I said no to breaking up with Megan and I'd rather de-promote people," I say and he sighs a little "making 200 million wasn't too bad though," I say and he laughs.

"Why aren't you happier then?" he asks.

"Megan came up again and well some of what they said did make sense, I'm not supposed to have a relationship at this moment in my life due to my therapy and well I have to move back here come Christmas," I say and look down at the glass of whisky in my hand. "I wouldn't be able to bring Megan and well I do feel that if I leave it longer it will hurt her more," I explain and he nods.

"So it's that time now, I'm luckily stalling my time of taking over the family business very well," he explains. "It's much easier when your parents don't agree with your 'lifestyle,'" he says with a small smirk. "I think letting them walk in on me having sex with a dude was the best thing to ever do," he says and looks up at the ceiling.

"Yeah well my parents have really screwed me over, getting themselves killed and all that," I say and he laughs. "I should go up to bed," I say standing and staggering a little.

"How much have you had?" he asks.

"I really don't know," I say and sit back down. "Did Megan talk to Brendan?" I ask.

"Yeah I saw her come out of his bedroom," he pauses "she didn't seem happy though,"

"I think he's hiding something," I say and then there's a small knock at the door. I look and so does Carl to see Brendan stood looking at us.

"Can I talk to you?" he asks. I nod and he walks towards us and sits on the couch. "I sort of need to tell someone I just don't know how to go about telling someone this," he says.

"And you're telling us?" Carl asks.

"Well I can't really keep this in," he says. "I just don't want you telling Megan or even anyone," he says.

"Ok," I say and reach for the bottle of whisky on the table. Carl gets up and walks towards the glasses.

"I have a tumour," he says "in my brain, they don't know if it's cancerous and I'm waiting on my results," he explains.

"Holy cow," Carl says "I did not expect that I expected you to say something like I've got an STI or something," he adds and I smile a little and look at Brendan.

"And if it's not cancerous?" I ask.

"They're still going to remove it because it's causing pain that's why I haven't been very sociable," he explains.

"Well your best bet is to wait until you have the results, try not to think about it too much, I know that sounds easier said than done but it's really your only option otherwise you're just going to be negative about the whole think and end up making yourself ill," I explain and he nods and looks down.

"It's just telling my family especially when I'm not exactly their favourite child," he pauses "they're actually on the verge of disowning me or some shit," he says and I can even tell this is taking it's toll on him.

"I tell you what, don't think about any of it at all," I say "not at all while you're here, think about it when it comes to it," I say sternly and stand up. "I am definitely off to bed now because if I don't I'll just keep drinking," I say downing my drink and walking towards the door. "You two talk it out," I say pointing to them and walking out of the room shutting the door behind me. I walk down the hall to the staircase and then up it to the bedroom I'm sharing with Megan. Taking a deep breath I slowly let it out and open the door to see the lights are off.

Shutting the door behind me I walk towards the bed and sit down. I turn the lamp on and then take my jacket off and then look at Megan to see her fast asleep. It's nice to see her sleeping calmly for once. I start to unbutton my shirt when I feel her start to stir. I look at her to see her turn on her side so her back is to me. I turn and take my shirt off and then my trousers.

Climbing into bed I turn the lamp off and move my arms around her waist. I hold her tightly to me and kiss her shoulder and then close my eyes.

"You've been drinking," she states.

"I only had a few," I say. "We went out to celebrate," I state.

"Where did you go?" she asks.

"Just to a bar," I say. I then feel her move in my arms so she's now sat up. I then feel her move out of my arms. "What's wrong?"

"I'm just going to sleep somewhere else," she says and I frown and sit up to turn the lamp on.

"Why?" I ask frowning.

"Logan please," she begs now looking at me while tilting her head.

"What have I done?" I ask.

"I'd rather tell you in the morning when you're sober," she says, I take her hand and pull her down to me.

"Well if it's me I'll sleep in another room," I say. She sighs and I can't tell if it's frustration or defeat.

"It doesn't matter," she says climbing back into bed and laying down. I frown and turn the light off. I move my hands back around her waist

**Megan**

Walking out of the room, shutting the door quietly behind me and try and sneak to Yasmin's room. I open her bedroom door and then shut it and sit on her bed. I turn on her lamp and shake her a little.

"Yasmin," I say, her eyes open and she looks right at me.

"What's wrong?" she asks closing her eyes and turning on her side away from the lamp.

"Can I sleep in here?" I ask.

"Sure," she says and I smile and turn the light off. "What's happened?" she asks.

"Logan has been drinking and well he came back got into bed and everything and put his arms around me. But he smelt of alcohol and to be honest like my dad," she's silent for a moment.

"Hmm, talk to him in the morning," she says.

I sigh and lay facing the ceiling. I am going to tell him in the morning and maybe tell him why it affected me the way it has.


###chapter 92
**Megan**

Walking out of Yasmin's room I shut the door behind me and walk down the staircase towards the dining room. I open the door and look around to see Logan sat looking over some papers with Carl sat next to him. They look towards me and I smile a little, giving them a small wave as I do so.

"Sleep well?" Logan asks as I walk into the room and sit at the table. I look at him to see him looking at the papers.

"Urm...yeah," I say, taking a grapefruit from the fruit bowl.

"Good," he says "the others are in the pool room," he says as I cut open the grapefruit and then reach for the sugar. "You should join them, I'll be busy again today," he says and looks at me. I look at him "Although, I think I have an hour to spare to spend with you," he says "and I've told them that the meetings will stop at six tonight no later," he adds "so don't plan anything for tonight because we're going out," he says and I nod.

"Well as exciting as this conversation is I'm off to go be a pervert," Carl says standing up. I smile and watch him walk out of the room.

"Logan," I say, turning to look at him. He looks at me "About last night..." I start but he cuts in.

"It's fine, I understand Yasmin told me a few things this morning and well it doesn't take genius why you would rather sleep somewhere else after how much I had drank," he says and I smile a little. "And I lied last night, they ended up taking me to a strip club," he says and my jaw drops. He laughs "I own like half of the strip club or something I'm not too sure and well apparently it's tradition to go there every time we make a big deal and well I ended up there," he says and I just sigh and take a bit of my grapefruit.

"Would you rather I didn't tell you and you hear from my uncle because I can guarantee he will take pleasure in telling you?" he asks, causing me to frown.

"Why would he take great pleasure in telling me that?" I ask.

"Nothing, never mind," he says, getting up and kissing the side of my head and walking out of the dining room and I'm sure he couldn't leave any quicker if he tried.

I look towards the door as it opens and in walks Melanie with Brendan behind her. I give them both a small smile and place a bit of grapefruit into my mouth.

"Why does no one wake me up?" I ask.

"Because Logan always tells us you'll wake up when you wake up," Melanie says sitting down. I look at Brendan to see him sit down opposite me. He rests his head on his hand and gives me a small smile.

"Are you feeling better?" I ask. He nods in response and reaches for an apple.

"I could be dying," he says with a small smile and I smile a little.

"But you're not, you're just homesick," I say and he just looks away from me.

"Are you going to come in the pool?" Melanie asks me. I sigh a little and look down.

"I don't know, I only packed one bikini and that was only just in case," I say and continue to eat.

"So?" Melanie asks as if there isn't a problem.

"So I'm not exactly in any rush to get my body out for everyone to see," I say looking at her. She sighs and rolls her eyes at me. She gets up and walks out of the room. "What is her problem?" I ask Brendan.

"Please don't get me involved, I really don't know," he says shaking his head. I laugh "I don't like arguments," he says and gets up and sits next to me. "I get what you're saying though, maybe she doesn't and you might need to explain to her a little more, I mean my little sister is a little slow," he say with a smile and I smile at him and start to finish my grapefruit.

\---

Walking into the room I'm sleeping in I see Logan sat on the bed talking on the phone. He turns and gives me a small smile, I walk towards him and he pulls me onto his lap. He kisses my cheek and I lay my head on his shoulder.

"Are you ok?" he asks me quietly. I nod and stand up.

"I'm going to get a shower," I say walking into the bathroom shutting and locking the door behind me.

I don't understand how Melanie can't understand how I feel about my body, I've explained to her numerous times how uncomfortable I sometimes feel in my own clothes and with Logan. I turn the shower on and fold my arms across my chest. What Yasmin said last night did make sense, but I don't understand why Melanie would be this petty over Logan.

A knock at the door takes me out of my thoughts. I unlock the door and open it to see Logan. He walks in and shuts the door.

"What's wrong?" he asks. I frown at him and he smiles. "I know you're upset about something so I want to know," he says and I smile at him. He walks towards the bath tub and starts to run the water. "You can talk to me while you have a shower because I'm getting a bath," he says.

"There's nothing wrong," I say and he just sighs and reaches for the bubble bath.

"Take a bath with me," he says and I shake my head. He looks down on himself. "Megan just tell me what's wrong," he urges.

"There's nothing wrong, Melanie just did something that's all," I say. He sighs and hold out his hand.

"Turn the shower off and come here," he says. I sigh and do as he says. "What did she do?" he asks moving his arms around my waist.

"Do you think it's pathetic that I don't like to show my body?" I ask and he frowns. "She asked me to come in the pool but I don't really feel comfortable about it," I say "and when I tried to explain it to her she just rolled her eyes at me as if it's pathetic of me," I explain. He sighs and move his hands up my sides and looks at me.

"I understand where you're coming," he says "I don't think you're pathetic," he adds.

"She obviously does," I say and my eyes well up "I just don't understand why she's being so nasty, all she does is make snide comments all the time towards us and I don't see the need for it," I says and the tear drops down my face. I wipe my tear and sit on his leg.

"Don't get upset over her," he says.

"I can't help but get upset over her, she's my best friend and she treats me like crap," I say and start to cry. He pulls me close to him "Yasmin thinks it's because she fancies you," I say and he laughs.

"What are you serious?" he asks. "She hates my guts," he laughs.

"Maybe I should start being a bitch back or something," I say and he's still laughing "stop laughing," I say pushing him.

"I'm sorry but I just can't see it, she really doesn't like me," he says.

"I know but she did fancy you before I did," I say as he lifts me up and takes of his jogging bottoms. He shakes his head at my comment "well she does, I don't know why," I say pouting a little.

"Am I that bad?" he asks and moves his hands to my top and slowly moves it up.

"Well you cheat, lie and smoke weed," I say and he sighs as he takes my top off.

"Well when you put it like that you make me sound like the worst boyfriend in the world," he says. I look down and he moves his hands down to my hips.

"Fine I'll get a bath with you, but only because that bath tub is big enough for two," I say and take my shorts off. He turns as I take my underwear off and get into the nearly full bath.

"You still hate me," he states and I feel him get in behind me.

"What?" I ask.

"For what I did and I expect it," he says. I sigh and move the bubbles close up to me so I'm pretty much covered.

This is the first time I've been naked in front of you," I say changing the subject. I didn't like talking about what he did because I hated how it made me feel, I'd rather just concentrate on right now.

"Yeah...well I have seen you naked but I didn't look, it's the first time I've been naked in front of you...well behind you," he says and I can hear the smile in his voice. I turn to look at him, he moves his legs at the side of me so I'm in between his legs.

"I feel a bit nervous," I say. He moves his hands around my waist.

"Don't be, if it helps I can't see anything," he says pulling me closer to him and kissing my neck. "And there's no need to be nervous I love your body," he says and takes my hands in his. "We don't have to go in the pool, we can stay here in our nakedness," he says and I giggle. He leans forward and kisses me on the lips. He moves his hand up to my neck and strokes my jaw line. He pulls back "That's enough of that," he says and I smile and lay back a little.
###chapter 93
**Megan**

Standing at the bathroom doorway as I brush my teeth I watch Logan start to get dressed. He pulls on his boxers and then turns to look at me. I smile a little and walk back into the bathroom to spit and rinse.

"Were you perving on me?" he asks now standing at the doorway. I smile and nod as I continue to brush my teeth. He looks down on himself "actually I'll put on some shorts seen as we're off in the pool," he states and I frown and spit into the sink and then rinse my mouth again.

"What? I'm not going in the pool," I say and he smiles.

"You don't have to," he says and kisses my shoulder and then walks out. I sigh and rinse my toothbrush and place it in the cup provided and then walk back out. "But you have to wear your bikini," he says and I frown. I sit on the bed and fold my arms. "You can wear something over it," he says.

"Oh joyful," I say with a roll of my eyes and he walks into the wardrobe.

"You've got one of those long dresses that you can wear over it," he calls out to me. I stand and walk towards the wardrobe to see him holding my black maxi dress. "Wear this over it," he states.

"I guess," I say quietly "it doesn't cover my back fully though," I state and he sighs at me. "Ok," I say and take the dress off him. "Leave," I say and he walks past me.

\---

Logan moves his hand into mine as I walk down the stairs. I had decided on having my hair down to cover the part of my back that the dress didn't cover. I also resolved to putting some make up on. He leads me down the right corridor right to the end and then opens the door for me. I walk in to see a large rectangle swimming pool with loungers dotted around the pool along with a barbeque. The walls of the room are glass apart from the side we are stood at and at the top where there's another level.

"C'mon babe there's really nothing to worry about your scars are covered and well none of them are remarkably beautiful like you," he says.

"Urgh you're so cheesy," I say walking into the room and sitting on one of the loungers. He sits next to me and looks at me "I'm sorry it just annoys me," I say and he frowns at me "cheese it annoys me," I say.

"Yeah it's better with crackers," he says and I laugh. He smiles at me and leans in to kiss me.

"Well it's finally nice of you both to join us, and I see you have no problem with your bikini now," I hear Melanie say. I look to see her sat at the pool edge looking towards us.

"Fuck off Melanie," Logan snaps. Melanie frowns and I look at Logan to see him glaring at her. He stands up "heartless bitch," he says as he walks away from us making sure he was heard by her.

"Are you actually going to let him talk to me like that?" she asks and I sigh a little. "Well I obviously know who comes first now don't I," she snaps and moves into the pool, I look towards Logan to see him dive into the pool and start to swim. I really don't want to get involved with them two.

"She is being a bit of a bitch," I hear someone say. I look behind me to see Melanie's boyfriend Cade. I frown at him "I may be her boyfriend but I'm allowed an opinion on her and to be truthful once we get back to America I'm dumping her," he says and my jaw drops a little "she's being totally someone different since we've been here and well I'm not wasting my time with someone as vindictive as her," he says and sits on the lounger next to me.

"She's not that bad just hot headed," I say and he shakes his head.

"No she has anger issues and likes to blame everyone else for her own mistakes, if she's not careful others will leave her not just me," he explains and looks down.

"I guess," I say and stand up. I lift my dress up and sit on the edge of the pool with my feet dangling in the water. Yasmin swims towards me and looks up at me with a small smile. "Hey," I say.

"Hey, did you sort everything out?" she asks.

"I think so," I say with a small smile.

"You two were gone for a while," she says and I smile

"We just took a bath and talked," I say and she laughs and leans on the pool edge.

"We," she says with a wide smile. I roll my eyes at her and look towards Logan, he's stopped swimming and he's talking to Carl. His eyes land on me and a faint smile plays on his lips. "Hmm do you think you and him will finally get it on?" she asks.

"Yasmin you seem to want us to do it more than what I or him wants to?" I say and she shakes her head.

"No one wants you to do it more than him," she says and I look down at her. "He's a guy," she states in a matter-of-fact tone. I laugh a little and start to move my feet in the water. A hand reaches out a grasps my foot. I look to see it's Logan. He moves between my legs and takes my hand in his.

"What are you girls talking about?" he asks.

"Sex," Yasmin says and I look at her. She smiles and looks at Logan.

"An interesting subject," he says.

"How do you prefer it?" she asks him and he frowns and then looks at her.

"Is that really what you're discussing about how you both prefer sex?" he asks and she shakes her head. "As delightful as this conversation is..." he turns to look at me "I would much rather discuss you coming into the pool," he says and I shake my head "why?" he asks.

"You know why," I state and he sighs and moves his hands outs of mine to my waist. "Well I guess you can keep the dress on," he says and pulls me close to him.

"No Logan," I say pushing his hands off me.

"No one cares," he says looking at me.

"I care," I snap. He takes his hands from around my waist and gets out of the pool.

"I will see you tonight?" he says. Sighing heavily I lift my feet out of the water. I glance at Yasmin and she gives an apologetic look. I smile a little and follow Logan out of the pool room.

"Logan," I call as I walk towards the stairs and see him heading up the stairs. He stops and looks at me. I give him a small smile and walk up the stairs to him. "I'm sorry," I say.

"For...?" he asks and tilts his head a little. I look down at my feet, I'm sorry for upsetting him but I don't know how I've upset him. He moves his hand up to my face and gently brushes a piece of my hair behind my ear. "There's no reason for you to be sorry," he says and trails his fingers down my neck. "Come on," he says moving his hand down to mine and taking me with him towards our room.
###chapter 94
**Megan**

He sits down on our bed and pulls me onto his lap. Moving my hands around his neck I lay my head on his shoulder. One hand is on my thigh with his other caressing up and down my back. We stay in a comfortable silence for a few minutes just holding each other. I enjoy being in his arms, having him holding me, making me feel safe it's one of the most relaxing things for me.

"I thought I had upset you...made you angry," I break our silence first, he sighs deeply and closes his eyes.

"I am angry, but not at you," he says after opening his eyes. He looks at me and his blue eyes meet my green eyes. "I'm never angry at you," he says making me smile a little. "I'm upset for you though," he says. "To me you have a beautiful body regardless of the scars you made yourself and the scars that..." he trails off and his eyes darken slightly. I move my hand down over his chest and then up to his jaw. "Anyway urm yeah, it just upsets me that you are ashamed of your body when there is no need to be. I guess I just want you to feel right again, I want the Megan that Melanie and Yasmin have told me about, the Megan that has no reason to be afraid of anything," he pauses "I'm angry at the person who has done this and I'm upset at the fact you feel the way you do," he explains and rests his forehead against mine.

I move my hands back around his neck and hug him. He nuzzles into my neck and holds me tightly to his body. He pulls back from our hug and looks me in the eyes.

"Tell me how you feel okay," he says and I nod.

"I'm more comfortable showing you my body," I say quietly and I don't miss the small quick smirk on his face.

"I think I'm happy about that," he says and I smile.

"I'm just not to comfortable with other people," I pause and take a deep breath. "I don't really know how to explain it, my fear of showing skin to other people is different to my fear with you," I say not looking at him.

"Tell me," he urges. I sigh and look down.

"It's the reactions mostly, I'm scared that when you see all of my body - as you've only seen little bits never it all together - that you'll be disgusted and just full on repulsed by it," I say quietly and try my best not to make eye contact with him. He sighs deeply and frowns "With other people it's similar but I don't want them to see me as a victim," I pause "because that is what they'll do," I say now looking at him. He holds my hand in his and kisses my shoulder

"Have I ever looked at you like you disgust me?" he asks. I frown and look at him "Every time I've seen your scars have I looked at them in disgust? Earlier when we were in the bath did I look at you in that way?" he asks and I look down.

"No," I say quietly and take his hands in mine.

"Do you know why?" he asks and I shake my head "because to me every part of you is beautiful," he says and I feel myself blush and slowly shake my head. "I know that's not what you want to hear because you don't believe that but to me it's true," he kisses my forehead making me smile a little. I move my head back so my lips skim his. He moves his hand up to my neck, stroking my neck with the back of his knuckles he leans in and kisses me. I pull back and press my forehead against his.

"I really don't know where I would be right now if I didn't have you," I say and softly press my lips to his.

He moves his hand to the back of my neck and presses me closer to him. I pull back and move off him and stand between his legs. His hands move down my thighs then up again as he looks at me. I smile a little and lift up the skirt of my dress and move on top of him. Logan leans forward and presses his lips to mine briefly and then strokes his nose along mine.

"We should join the others," he breathes and moves his hands up to cup my face.

"I don't really want to," I say and rest my hands on his wet chest. "I also think you should have thought about the bed before you sat down on it," I say referring to his wet board shorts.

"You don't seem to mind," he says causing me to smile and kiss his jaw line. He nuzzles my neck his lips softly pressed to my skin. "Your hair smells nice," he says.

"Thank you it's my boyfriend's shampoo," I say and I feel him smile.

"Well your boyfriend must smell amazing," he says,

"I guess," I say and he looks at me. I giggle and kiss him softly on the lips. He moves his hand to the nape of my neck, holding me in place.

He deepens the kiss, his tongue dancing with mine. His hands move down my back to my bum. He lifts me and moves more onto the bed with me in his arms. I move onto the bed and pull him on top of me never breaking our kiss. I relax and feel him relax in my arms. He pulls away from the kiss and then rests his head on my chest.

"Did I tell you that My Aunt and Uncle told me that you and I were like friends when we were younger," he says after a moment of silence. I move up onto my elbows putting all my weight on my forearms.

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Well I used to visit my Aunt and Uncle a lot and well I apparently climbed a tree to get you down from it because you got yourself stuck and you would say hi to me all the time," he pauses "and you had gotten lost in the park after you chased a cat from the street all the way to the park," he pauses "I remember that actually but I didn't know it was you," he explains.

"I don't remember," I say quietly.

"You were only about five years old," he says and starts to kiss up my neck.

"You were 12?" I ask. He nods nips my neck with his teeth making me gasp. I close my eyes as I feel him kiss under my ear. He moves his hand up my thigh as he kisses my jaw line.

"Is the bikini new?" he asks pulling away and looking at me. I shake my head "Hmm I've just never seen it,"

"Well you don't go through my underwear drawer so you wouldn't have," I say and he laughs. He leans down and kisses my chest.

"I like it," I smile at his comment and lift his chin up to kiss him. He moves the skirt of my dress up to my hips. I untie the knot at my waist.

Then the door opens. Logan pulls back and looks behind him. I tilt my head to look behind Logan to see Yasmin and Carl stood at the door.

"Told you," Yasmin says.

"What do you want?" Logan snaps.

"You're uncle is here," he says.

"Ok get out," he snaps once more.

"Can I join?" Carl asks innocently , Logan sighs and drops his head in anger.

"No you fucking can't," I snap at Carl and his eyes widen. Yasmin laughs and walks off.

"Oh," Carl says in fake shock "I am outraged by that Language," he says and moves his head so I can see the side of his face. He lifts his nose in the air "Hmph," he says "I cannot believe you choose a woman over me, a MAN!" he says towards Logan and shuts our door. I giggle and move my arms around Logan's neck.

"Thank you," Logan says and leans in to kiss me. I move my hands down his back. He lifts my dress further up exposing my stomach. He pulls away from our kiss and I feel his lips on my stomach. Logan kisses up my stomach as he lifts my dress over my head.
###chapter 95
  

\*\*Megan\*\*

  

This is the furthest we've gone, I'm pretty much naked under him and I don't feel as nervous as I thought I would. I have to admit I've felt more comfortable with him touching me since we got here. I know it won't always be like this though. I know there are going to be times where I can't stand his touch but right now I'm enjoying the feeling of his body against mine even though I'd rather be on top right now. And as if he read my mind he hugs my body to his and moves onto his back so that I'm on top. He moves onto his elbows and sits up. I pull back and run a hand through my hair moving it out of my face. He presses his lips softly on my collar bone and moves his hands up my sides. He stops at my rib cage and moves his finger along the strap of my bikini top.

  

I wince moving abruptly away from him when his fingers touch the cuts on my left side. He looks at my side, he sighs a little and strokes them as gently as he can.

  

"Sorry," he says and then kisses me on the lips. This kiss is passionate. I can feel his upset and anger in this kiss and I don't like it. His hand fists at the back of my neck gripping my hair and pushing me hard to him. I move my hands to his chest and push him away from me and down onto the bed firmly holding him down.

  

"Don't do that," I say, looking him in the eyes. His usually bright blue eyes are dark and angry. "You're angry," I state. He eases up onto his forearms and closes his eyes while taking a deep breath.

  

"Wouldn't you be?" he asks and opens his eyes. He moves one hand on to my hand and moves my hand to his lips. "I can't help but be angry,"

  

"I'm sorry," I say taking my hand out of his and fold my arms over my stomach. He sits up puts his hands on my hips.

  

"Why? I'm not angry at you," he says stroking my hair and looking me in the eyes "I'm angry with myself," I frown and look at him "I promised to protect you and I didn't, I allowed - he touches my nose and my cheek bone that is bruised - this to happen," he pauses and moves his hand to my rib "which led to this," he says gently stroking my cuts. "I will never allow it to happen again," he says and hugs me. "That's what I'm angry about, my inability to hold promises," he says and holds me tightly.

  

"You're so harsh on yourself," I say and kiss his cheek. He presses me to his body and inhales.

  

"You smell really nice," he says and I giggle.

  

"Again my boyfriends body wash," I say

  

"I bet your boyfriend always smells nice," he says and I giggle and make him face me.

  

"Correct you do," I say and kiss him on the lips.

  

I feel his hands move to my back and pull on the string around my neck from my bikini. My bikini top doesn't fall but I feel it slipping a little. His hands move around to the front of my body one moving up my neck and around the nape of my neck. I feel his other hand move across my chest as if testing if I'm ok with where he's going with this. His hand moves over my breast and gently squeezes me. I smile at the slyness of move.

  

"What?" he says against my lips.

  

"You're so smooth," I say with slight giggle and then I hear the slight turn of a handle. I pull away from him and turn to see his uncle walk in.

  

"How long do you intend to..." he trails off as he look at us. I move my hands to my neck and tie my bikini straps. "Holy..." he starts as I get up off Logan. Logan moves his hands around my waist. I move his hands away from me and reach for my dress. I grab it and walk off into the bathroom. "Is she ok?" I hear his uncle ask "Is that what her dad did?" he asks him. I sigh deeply and put on my dress.

  

"You need to leave," Logan says.

  

"Well hurry the hell up I've been waiting for ages, get yourself dressed and get downstairs," he says

  

"Ok," he says "now get out,"

  

"Man her father must be fucked up, I did some reading about him too," he says and Logan cuts him off.

  

"Get out," he yells. I hear the door shut and I slowly open the bathroom door to see Logan stood at the end of the bed. "Self-centred ass," Logan says and then looks at me. "Are you ok?" he asks "I know you heard him,"

  

"I'm ok," I say standing in front of him. He moves his hands around my waist and kisses me on the lips. "Are you?" I ask.

  

"No I need to go to the toilet," he says and kisses me again and then takes his hands from around me to walk off into the bathroom.

  

"Would you like some help?" I ask.

  

"No I'm ok, I have my hand, it's become my best friend believe it or not," he says "go join your friends because I also need to get ready for my meetings," he says. I nod and kiss him on the lips.

  

"Make sure you've got your phone so you can look at porn," I say and he chuckles. I reach for his phone which is on the dresser and hand it to him. "No blondes," I say and he smiles.

  

"Wouldn't dream of it," he says and I walk away from him and out of the bedroom door.

  

\*\*Logan\*\*

  

Climbing into the limousine I straighten my tie and look at my uncle to see him on his blackberry. He glances at me and then reaches into his blazer inside pocket and pulls a phone out.

  

"That's for you for business only and I think you need to re-evaluate your decision to stay with that girl," he says as he holds the phone out to me. I take it to see it's a blackberry. I screw my nose at it and sigh. "Yes Blackberry's are quite bad for internet and not exactly the best phones on the market but they're good for business,"

  

"Ok and what you said in there was out of order," I say.

  

"What you're doing is out of order, that girl has been through hell and do you really think you're the best person for her?" he asks. I frown at him "Logan you're not the nicest of people and with the fact you only came out of rehab last year means you're in no position to have a serious relationship. That girl needs help not a boyfriend that can't keep it in his pants and may or may not go off the rails at any given moment," he explains. I sigh and look out of the window.

  

"Where are we going?" I ask.

  

"Manchester, does she know about your violent history?" he asks.

  

"A little," I mumble.

  

"A little,"

  

"I didn't exactly go into detail with her, I just told her that I'm not proud of some of the things I've done," I explain.

  

"Well all I'm saying is think about you and her do you really think you're good for her at this moment in her life and yours?" he asks and I sigh "and I'm telling you this as your uncle not as your business partner, so think about it," he says and I nod.

  

I know he's right, that I should think about it because I do have quite a bad history with people, women, drugs and violence the extent of my violence is worse than her fathers. Some of the things my psychologist doesn't fully know, only I and Carl and the people that were involved know about.

  

"If I break up with her, I'll hurt her," I say quietly.

  

"Wouldn't it be the best to do it now rather than later on when she's too deep into the relationship?" he asks.

  

"Yeah I guess,"

  

"Just think about it more, you may see you and her having a future but does she? I mean looking at her psychologist's notes she saw herself dying by the end of last year. She didn't plan to be alive now and with her frame of mine one thing could just send her over," he explains.

  

"How do you know this?" I ask.

  

"Money Logan, I hired someone to get all the notes and send me a copy," he explains. I sigh "I have to look into every detail about her Logan," I remain silent and rest my chin on my hand after a few minutes a thought comes into my mind.

  

"What you said in the bedroom you said on purpose," I say now looking at him. He frowns "if you've read her records you would know what her father has done and know how much her body affects her," I say.

  

"I haven't gotten that far," he says "I read the first meeting she had with her psychologist, tell her that I am sorry for what I said," he pauses "I didn't mean to cause her any upset," he says.

  

"I'll tell her when I get a chance to call her," I say and turn my head out the window.

  

"Let me draft you about the meetings we're having," he says and starts to brief me.
###chapter 96
  
**Megan**

Taking the clip out of my hair I look at the clock to see it's nearly eight pm. Logan told me to be ready for six. I know it's not his fault it happened all the time with my mother and father, they would plan to do something and my father would turn up hours late because of meetings.

A knock sounds at my door. I look and call for who it is to come in. The door opens and in walks Yasmin. She looks at me and gives me a small smile. I watch her walk towards the bed and sit down on it.

"Have you heard from him yet?" she asks.

"No, I texted him though," I say sitting on the bed with her and kicking off my shoes to sit fully onto the bed.

"Maybe his battery is low," she suggests. I nod and ruffle my hair. "Are you and Melanie still not talking?" she asks.

"No she decided to ignore me when I came downstairs to join you all and I really don't care anymore, it seems to me that she wants attention," I say. "Do you think I should clip my hair back or have it down?" I ask changing the subject.

"Yeah, you're right, and have it down," she says.

"Where's Julie I haven't seen her all day? I ask.

"She's been spending a lot of time with Logan's friend," she pauses "the short one," she says and I smile.

"Scott, he's a cool guy, I think the first thing I said to him was about his height," I say and she smiles "I was drunk though," I say.

"You were drunk a lot last year," she says and I smile.

"I felt happier," I say with a shrug of my shoulders,

"Yeah, I'm glad it didn't get out of control though," she says.

"Hmm now that I think about it, that night we first saw Logan if we hadn't I would of ended back at his anyway," I say and she frowns. "Carl," I say answering the questioning look on her face. She slowly nods and then frowns and then she's in shock.

"Oh my god I totally forgot that you and him you know," she says. "Do you talk about it?" she asks.

"No, it's as if it never happened," I say and sit down on the bed.

"Does Logan know?" she asks

"I'm not too sure but I don't think I'd ever want him to know,"

"Yeah knowing that your best friend saw your girlfriend naked before you ever did isn't exactly a pleasing thought," she says and I smile a little.

"He didn't see me naked," I huff and she laughs "he just saw parts," I say trying my best not to make it sound as bad.

"Is that what you can remember?" she asks and I pout at her. "How come you didn't see Logan when you left?" she asks.

"I don't know, I think he was at his aunts and uncles," I say.

"I don't get how you two didn't do it, I mean you were both out of it," she says and I smile.

"I don't really remember," I say "you should ask him, I think he remembers more than me because he swore in the morning that we didn't,"

"And you believed him?" she asks.

"At the time I didn't care if we had or hadn't because I don't remember it, now though I am a bit because I'd want Logan to know," I explain.

"Wouldn't that cause arguments though?" she asks.

"Most likely but it would be better now than later on," I say and she nods. It would cause more than an argument I know exactly what would happen but for my own sake I don't want secrets in our relationship, especially secrets as big as that.

"Well you need to speak to Carl and get the ins and outs," she says and smirks a little. "Or would you like me to do it?" she asks.

"You," I say straight away and she smiles. "It'll make it awkward if I ask," I say and she nods.

\---

Sighing I start to tie my hair up as I get ready for bed, it's nearly half ten and Logan hasn't come back yet. I tried to ring him after Yasmin left which was at nine but it went straight to voicemail. I'm not angry, I'm
more upset. I was looking forward to doing something with him.

A loud sound echoes through my bedroom. I walk towards the window to see a helicopter, I frown and watch as it lands outside the mansion. The turbines start to slow down and then come to a complete stop. I watch as Logan steps down out of the helicopter and then turn to the pilot. He says something to him and then runs towards the mansion. I hear the front door slam shut and then his phone goes off which means it wasn't switched off.

The phone goes silent and then the door opens and he walks in. He looks tired like today had just taken everything out of him.

"I'm so sorry," he says walking towards me.

"It's fine," I say and walk back towards the mirror to take my make up off.

"We can still go out, you haven't eaten yet have you?" he asks.

"No we can't and no I haven't,"

"Why can't we?" he asks.

"Logan it's half ten most places are probably closed or closing," I state. He sighs deeply obviously frustrated and upset with himself. "It's fine we can go out tomorrow," I say looking at him.

"No c'mon I know a place where we can go for something to eat," he pleads.

"Logan, it's fine honest I'd rather just stay in now and do something with you tomorrow, why do you want to go out so much?" I ask while wiping my face with a face wipe. He sits down on the buffet and places his hand on my leg. I look at him to see anger expressed across his face.

"I just don't want to be the same as my father or have our relationship go the same way as my parents relationship, when I walked in and saw that look on your face it was the same look on my mother's face the first few times my father never showed up to take her somewhere." He pauses "She only stopped looking like that when she stopped caring for their marriage and because she stopped caring they both just cheated on each other all the time," he explains.

"Well I'm not going to cheat on you ever and just because it happened with your parents doesn't mean it will happen with us, my father turned up late all the time to dates with my mother but they would always get round to having those dates," I say to him and he shakes his head.

"It's not the same," he mutters and moves his hand up my leg and into my hand.

"Have you eaten?" I ask and he shakes his head. "Well why don't we just order something?" I ask and he looks away from me. "Logan I'm not bothered what we do together as long as we're together, I don't need taking to fancy restaurants I'm happy with a greasy take away and a crap movie," I say with a small smile and he looks at me. "Ok lets make a deal tomorrow you can spend as much money as you want creating the perfect day as long as we get to have a night in right now," I suggest.

"We will do something tomorrow," he says as if its a must. "I'll make sure I've got nothing planned, I promise you," he says and I smile.

"Ok," I say and look back at the mirror.

"I'll go order us a takeaway. What do you want?"

"Surprise me," I say and start to take off my makeup. He walks out of the room shutting the door behind him. After a few seconds the door opens again and in walks Yasmin. I look at her and give her a small smile.

"Is everything ok? Are you not going out now?" she asks.

"Yes and no we're not, it's too late to go out now,"

"Oh but you were looking really excited to go out,"

"Yeah I know I was, it would have been nice to have some time on our own but we're going out tomorrow instead," I say and she smiles.
###chapter 97
**Logan**

Walking into the kitchen I see my uncle looking through his phone. He looks up from it at me and a small smirk plays on his lips.

"Does she not want to go out now?" he asks. I frown at him and walk towards the fridge "It will be like that again and again when you move here so you may as well-" I cut him off.

"Please shut up," I snap, "please just go home and leave me alone."

"I can't, I'm sorry, but I will go home and see you very soon, don't forget the company ball next week," he says and I nod while moving my head into my hands as I sit down. I move my hands through my hair and undo my tie. I feel hands move around my shoulders and over my chest.

"What's wrong?" Megan asks me.

Nothing, I'm just thinking," I say and turn to look at her. She moves in front of me and wraps her arms around my neck and rests her head on my collar bone. I move my hands around her waist and kiss her forehead
making her look up at me.

"C'mon lets put a movie on," she says and takes one of my hands and pulls me up onto my feet. I follow her into the living room and shut the double doors behind me.

\---

I wake suddenly. I feel across the bed to feel Megan not there. Getting up out of bed I look at the clock to see 5:36am staring back at me. I stand and walk out of my bedroom to look for her. Walking into the kitchen I see her sat at the breakfast bar with a cup in her hand. She looks at me and then away.

"Hey," I say walking towards her. I take the cup out of her hands and give it small sniff. She rolls her eyes at me "Just wanted to make sure," I say.

"Yeah because I'm the one in this relationship that shouldn't be trusted," she says getting up. I sigh dismissing her comment, I'm that used to her taking her anger out on me whenever she had a nightmare that I just now let her comments go in one ear and out the other.

"What was your nightmare about?" I ask.

"I didn't have a nightmare," she says "just because I'm up early doesn't mean I've had a nightmare," she snaps at me.

"Well what then?" I ask.

"Your phone rang and I answered it,"

"Ok then," I say slowly not knowing where she's going with this.

"It was a girl that you apparently met the other night," she says and I frown "She said she was up for meeting you tonight if you're interested, she then insisted to me that you don't have a girlfriend even though I told her about five times that you do,"

"What girl?" I ask.

"I don't know her name, she rang you on the samsung phone I didn't know you have," she says nodding her head to the phone. I take it and look down at it. "She did text you a few times first," she adds and walks away from me.

"Megan I don't know who she is and anyway I didn't meet any girl,"

"You went to a strip club,"

I look at her and she's got her back to me. I stand and walk towards her, "I don't know who this girl is or how she got this number," I say.

"Why do you even have that phone?" she asks.

"My uncle gave it to me yesterday," and as I say that it clicks in my mind. "Oh he's good," I say shaking my head. "Trust me on this when I say that this," I wave the phone "has nothing to do with me, it's my uncle,"

"Yeah right," she says

"Watch," I say and send the girl a text back texting her I can't wait to meet her and asking her what she's wearing. I then go to the phone settings and set it up to divert all texts and calls to my uncles number. "Do you really think I've cheated on you?" I ask her. She shrugs, I move my arms around her and pull her close to me. "What did I promise you?" I ask.

"That you wouldn't do it again, but it's hard to not think it when I've not seen you in the past few days and that phone and then this girl and also the fact I met one of the many girls you've slept with," she says.

"So you've been up since god knows worrying yourself over this?" I ask, she nods in response.

"The only reason I'm still here is because Yasmin told me to wait until you got up to let you explain," she says causing me to frown "I was going to leave before you got up,"

"And go where?"

"To a hotel until I could get a flight back," she answers.

"Come on let's go back to bed," I say taking her hand in mine.

"I'm not tired," she says and moves out of my hands. I then hear my phone go off. I walk into the living room to see my iphone vibrating on the coffee table. She walks in behind me and sits on the couch. I pick up my phone and answering it with the 'speaker' button.

"Hello,"

"How dare you forward that tarts calls to my phone, do you have any idea what you could have done?" My uncle blares down the phone.

"You deserve it, you owe Megan an apology," I say looking at Megan to see her look at my phone in confusion.

"It was a joke I thought you'd find it funny," he says.

"Have you given that number out to anyone else?"

"A few other desirable ladies that I thought might tickle your fancy," he says "or rather," I cut him off by ending the call. I look at Megan to see her looking down at her lap.

"Are you ok?" I ask.

"I don't understand, why is he trying to break us up?" She asks looking up at me. I sit down next to her and take her hand in mine.

"It's got nothing to do with you,"

"Great so the only family member of yours that knows about our relationship wants to break us up and you're telling me it's got nothing to do with me?" she snaps.

"I know you're angry but just let me explain," I say looking at her. She sighs and looks at me "I was told by my psychologist not to get into a serious relationship for at least two years," I explain. "And he thinks I won't stay like this for long, he thinks that I'm going to revert to my old ways again at some point and he doesn't want that," I explain.

"Ok," she says quietly. "So what does this mean?" she asks.

"Nothing, why would what he thinks mean anything to our relationship?" I ask. She shrugs, I move a piece of hair from her face and "It means nothing," I say and kiss her on the lips. She pulls away and takes my hand in hers.

"Lets go back to bed then," she says, I stand up and allow her to lead the way.

"You shouldn't look at me like that when telling me to go to bed with you," I say "it can cause my mind to wonder,"

"Sorry," she says as we walk into our room. I climb into bed and wait for her. She looks at me as she walks round the bed and climbs in. "What are we doing today?" she asks.

"I don't know, seen as you said I could spend as much money as I like it's left me dumbfounded on what to do there's too many options," I say frowning. She gets in next to me and I move my arms around her. "I was thinking of spending the day with you in London but then Paris came to my head," I state.

"Paris," she says almost surprised.

"Yeah why not?" I ask. She looks at me and then looks down "It's not like I can't afford taking you to Paris for the day, we could have breakfast there if we set off in the next two hours," I state. I pause "we could even spend the night there and be back tomorrow morning," I say.

"Ok," she says with a small smile and leans in to kiss me. She pulls away and lays her head on my chest. She moves her hand into mine, I stroke my thumb over the back of her hand and intertwine me fingers with hers. "I lied when I said I woke because of your phone," she says.

"I know, I left both of them down stairs so unless you have supersonic hearing I knew you were lying," I say. "What was your nightmare about?" I ask.

"Same as always," she pauses and I feel her kiss my chest.

"Are you going to tell me?" I ask.

"No," she says and sits up. "It was more of a memory and I'd rather not talk about it," she says.

"Ok, I understand," I say. She smiles a little and then looks down and I can tell she only smiled for my benefit. I move my hand up to her and stroke her cheek.

"I'm going to get a shower," she says turning away from me and getting out of the bed. I watch her walk into the bathroom and shut the door behind her. The door locks and I sigh deeply. I hate feeling useless to her. I know the reason why she won't tell me and it's because she knows I can't do anything about her nightmares.

Getting out of bed I walk downstairs to arrange our travel to Paris. I need to get us good for once.
###chapter 98
\*\*Megan\*\*

  

I finish off curling my hair and place the curlers on the dresser. I hear someone knock on the door, I call for them to come in. I look to see Yasmin, she gives me a small wave and shuts the door behind her. She sits down on the bed and yawns.

  

"Did you two sort it out?" she asks.

  

"Yeah, his uncle set him up," I sat as I put on some mascara.

  

"What do you mean?"

  

"I don't think he wants us together," I say and the bathroom door opens. Logan walks out with a towel wrapped around him. He looks at Yasmin then at me.

  

"Hello Yasmin," he says.

  

"Hi," she says with a small smile and I watch her as her eyes look him up and down. She looks at me and give me a wide grin. "Sorry," she says and then looks down.

  

"When are we going?" I ask Logan.

  

"When we're done," he says and walks into the wardrobe.

  

"Where are you going?" Yasmin asks.

  

"Paris," I say, her eyebrows raise.

  

"Cool, that's a date and half isn't it," she says and I smile. The door opens and Carl walks in with Max behind him. He looks at me and smiles a little then looks at Yasmin and glares at her. He then walks towards the wardrobe and opens it.

  

"Carl get the hell out," Logan says and then the door slams shut.

  

"I don't know why he's acting all embarrassed I've seen him naked loads of times," he say in a matter of fact tone. Then the wardrobe door opens and Logan walks out in just a pair of dark jeans that hung on his hips showing the band of his boxers. He buckles them up and looks at Carl.

  

"What do you want?" he asks.

  

"Your dog is pissing me off, he won't stop following me and he decided to take the biggest dump in the woods earlier, I think he's just trying to piss me off," he says and I look at Max and pat my leg. He walks towards me and jumps up.

  

"Can he come with us?" I ask Logan.

  

"He doesn't like helicopters," Logan says.

  

"Helicopter?" I question.

  

"Where are you going?" Carl asks.

  

"None of your business," Logan snaps at him.

  

"I was only asking," Carl mutters and looks down.

  

"He doesn't like the sound of helicopters," Logan says walking over to me and Max and stroking his dog.

  

"Aww ok," I say "Do I look ok?" I ask. He looks at me and smiles.

  

"Beautiful," he says "Do I look ok?" he asks with a small smirk.

  

"I think you need a shirt but either way you look beautiful," I say repeating his compliment.

  

"Good," he says and kisses the top of Max's head and then stands. "Come on I'll feed you seen as Carl hasn't yet," he says to the dog and walks with Max out of the room.

  

"We're going to France," I say looking at Carl. He nods and walks out of the room.

  

"I think he's annoyed," Yasmin states and I frown "last night I was downstairs with him and we were playing the xbox 360 and we were just talking along with a bit of a drink," she pauses.

  

"Why would he be annoyed at that?" I ask.

  

"Let me finish, we started drinking and then he kissed me which resulted in us getting a bit more handsy and then I stopped it, told him it shouldn't have happened and then I went to bed, he then came in to my room and told me I was a cock tease and then walked out," she explains. My eyes widen and I let out a suppressed breath.

  

"Wow," I say standing up.

  

"To be fair I was teasing him," she says with a small giggle "but is it really my fault if I want him to work to get into my pants?" she asks. I look at her surprised "I'm not saying I'll sleep with him but he's a player, so why not play him at his own game," she says shrugging. I smile and take a quick glance in the mirror.

  

"Do I look ok?" I ask.

  

"You just asked Logan," she states.

  

"I know but he's going to say that no matter what I want an honest opinion," I state.

  

"You look good," she states.

  

"Did she not believe me?" Logan asks as he walks in. Yasmin stands and shakes her head.

  

"I'm off back to bed, have a good time," she says and walks out of our room. Logan walks over to me and moves his arms around my waist.

  

"I told you," he says and leans in to kiss me on the lips.

  

"Go put a shirt on," I say moving away from him "I'll wait for you downstairs," I state and walk out of the room.

  

I walk into the kitchen to see the pregnant maid I saw when we first arrived and a man in a white tunic so I'm guessing he's the cook. He has dark brown hair and is the same height as Logan and at a good build. He looks like he's in his thirties. It looks like they were in deep conversation before I arrived.

  

"Morning," the girl says. I give her a small smile and look at the cook.

  

"Is it ok if I get a drink?" I ask. He nods and gestures for me to help myself. I walk towards the counter and then turn. "Where are the glasses?" I ask. He smiles a little.

  

"I'll make you a drink just take a seat, I have to make breakfast anyway," he states. I nod and do as I'm told.

  

"Megan right?" the brown hair girl asks. I nod "Stacey," she says holding out her hand. I smile and give her hand a small shake.

  

"Do you know what you're having?" I ask.

  

"A baby," she states.

  

"She hopes," the chef says cutting her off and she scowls at him.

  

"Boy," she says and I smile.

  

"That's nice," I say and smile a little.

  

"Yeah, I wanted a boy, a girl afterwards," she says and I smile.

  

"Every parent dreams of having a boy and a girl," I state.

  

"I don't want a girl," the chef says.

  

"Tough, I want a girl and we will have babies until I have a girl," she snaps at him. He looks at her as he walks towards the fridge. I raise my eyebrows and let out a long breath. "Sorry," she says "I've done nothing but be grouchy over the past few days," she says looking towards me.

  

"It's fine," I say.

  

"Do you have any sisters or brothers?" she asks and the chef clears his throat. She looks at him and frowns.

  

"No," I state "my mother did become pregnant when I was five but she miscarried and they didn't bother after that," I explain.

  

"Aww," she says and she looks like she's about to cry "that is so sad," and as she says that she starts to cry. My eyes widen and I look at the chef.

  

"Stacey," he sighs and places a glass of orange in front of me.

  

"But it's so sad," she says.

  

"I'm sorry," I say putting my hand on hers.

  

"Don't worry she started crying at a wildlife program last night, over a deer getting hunted," he says and I smile a little and look at her.

  

"I think it was for the best," I state and she looks at me.

  

"What do you mean?" she asks.

  

"Well everything happens for a reason doesn't it and if you think of this philosophy that when one dies another is born then death gave another a life," I state trying my best to make her stop crying.

  

"Oh," she says and looks down. "Yeah," she says perking up a little and looking at me. I sigh in relief "Do you want children?" she asks.

  

"Urm..." I look away.

  

"Are you crying again Stacey?" I hear Logan say as he walks in. I look at him as he sits down next to me.

  

"No," she says huffing. I smile and take a sip of my drink. "So do you want children?" she asks me again.

  

"I haven't really thought about it," I say, hoping to drop the subject. I don't exactly want to tell her that I can't have children, one of the reasons being she may start crying again.

  

"Logan wants loads so you'll have to make up your mind because with how many he wants you'll have to start next year," she says with a small grin. I look at Logan, he doesn't look at me, he's looking at the chef watching as he makes us breakfast. "Well I've got to get sorted to clean the gallery," she states and gets up off the stool and walks out.
###chapter 99
**Megan**

I sigh and look down, this is all our relationship will ever be. Just me and him and if he wants children then he won't be with me. There's no if about it, he does want children, he wants more than one and I can't give him them. What is the point of us being together if we both know we're going to break up at some point?

"Sorry about Stacey," the chef says, bringing me out of my darkened thoughts. I look at him to see him looking at me. I smile and take a sip of my drink. He places a plate in front of me. I look down to see a very fancy looking omelette. He places a similar omelette in front of Logan "Enjoy," is all he says and walks out of the kitchen. I take the knife and folk he placed beside the plate as he put it down and start to eat.

"After we've eaten we'll set off," he suddenly says. I nod and play with my food a little. "Do you not like it?" he asks.

"Yeah, it's lovely," I say and place another piece in my mouth. What is the point in us even going anywhere? I want to go back to bed now I know where our relationship is going to go. I can't even believe it took me this long to realise that we can't last. I sigh and I feel my eyes start to well with tears. I take a deep breath and try my best to stop myself. This is just heartbreaking. I don't even know what I'll do without him. He's helped me through so much and before him I didn't even picture myself having a life and now, I can't think of a life without him in it.

"Stop it," he says suddenly. I look at him to see him chewing his food and looking down while resting his forehead against his raised fist. He turns to look at me. "We're not focusing on any of that," he states. I look down and gulp down the lump in my throat. I close my eyes and a tear roles down each side of my cheek.

"I can't help it," I say quietly. "I can't have children and you want them," I say. He sighs and stands up taking his plate with him and he places his plate in the dishwasher. I didn't notice him finish it. "Where are you going?" I ask.

"I'm not discussing this," he states. He walks towards me and kisses my cheek while his hand wipes my other cheek. "We have plenty of time for this conversation and by the time we have the conversation I may not want them," he states looking me in the eyes. He leans in and kisses me on the lips, I pull back and look down. "Please don't dwell on this," he begs.

"Ok," I sigh and start to eat my omelette. I know that when this conversation does come up it will turn into an argument.

"Just enjoy today, ok?" he asks. I nod and look at him. He kisses me once more on the lips and then pulls away. He walks towards the sink and leans against it as he looks through his phone.

"Where's Max?" I ask.

"He's not allowed in the kitchen, Jeff won't let him," he says not looking up from his phone.

"Who is Jeff?" I ask.

"The cook," he states. I nod and continue eating. I tilt my head as I admire the midnight blue V neck sweater he has on. He's wearing a white t-shirt underneath it and it's a tight jumper. Not too tight but I'm guessing it's only tight because of his muscles. I feel myself smile a little as the image of his muscles goes through my mind.

"Thinking of something nice?" he asks taking me out of my thoughts. I look at him to see he's smirking at me.

"You could say so," I state and finish off my omelette. He walks towards me and takes my plate from me. "Thank you," I state. I stand and finish off my glass of juice and then hand it to him. He puts my plate and glass into the dish washer and then takes my hand in his. I walk with him out of the kitchen to the foyer. He lets go of my hand and takes his phone out of his pocket.

"I'll just go put my jacket on," I state and walk up the stairs to our room. Our relationship seemed to be up and down more times than a yo-yo. I just hope it's not always going to be like this. I'm hoping that once I finish school and we're able to be together properly and I'm not so messed up that everything will be ok between us.

\---

Logan moves his hand into mine as I step down from the plane. He hadn't been very talkative on the drive to the airport and on the plane to France. He looks at me and I can tell that he's been in deep thought about me, but that I don't know.

"Are you ok?" I ask.

"Yes, I'm just hoping you're warm enough," he says and I smile.

"Don't worry about me," I say walking with him through the airport. "Where are we going first?" I ask.

"I figured we'd take a look around and do a bit of shopping. I've booked for us to go to a restaurant later in the evening and it's up to you if we stay the night here or not," he states.

"Can we go to the Musee du Louvre art museum? I ask smiling at him.

"Sure," he says "Anywhere else?" he asks.

"Well I can't come to Paris without seeing the metal construction that is the Eiffel tower," I state. He laughs a little.

"It's an eye sore, I do wonder what possessed them to build it," he says with a shake of his head. "I prefer the South of France, I have a villa somewhere," he says frowning.

"Yes that shows how rich you are when you don't even know where you own a villa because you own that many," I state and he smirks. "You should use the benefits," I say as we get out of the airport. A car pulls up in front of us and Logan opens the door for me.

"I would but then I'd get bored and soon enough they will no longer be benefits," he says to me as I get in the car. He gets in after me and looks towards the driver.

"Good flight sir?" the driver asks. I look to see it's David.

"As good as expected how was yours?" Logan asks.

"Horrible," he says shuddering "you're lucky I love you like a son sir," he says and looks away from us.

"He hates flying," he says and I nod.

"Why did you fly him out here then?" I ask

"Because he needs to man up and stop being a pussy,"

"I heard that," David says "it's because he's evil and knows I can't say no because of my wife, she likes the fact she gets a free trip to Paris," he says. I look at Logan to see him looking at his blackberry. He sighs as he looks down at it and starts to text.

"Something you don't like?" I ask.

"Yeah but it's nothing I can't handle,"

"Me stop being a pussy he needs to man up and get control back of his own company," David says.

"It's not mine it's my father's he shouldn't have gone and got himself killed so if his company goes downhill it's his own fault," I raise my eyebrows at what he said. I've noticed he's very cold towards his father, his mother not so much but bring his father up and there's a sudden chill around him. I often wonder just how bad his relationship with his father was. I could probably ask him about him later on most likely when he's not so stressed but right now would probably be a bad idea.

"Sorry, give me a minute my uncle is been a dick," he says. I nod and move my hand on his leg. I want him to know that none of this bothers me and that I know that he has to become this business man then there are fall backs to it and I'm ok with that. "Urm are you hungry we can go for something to eat first," he states. I look at him to see he's still preoccupied with his phone.

"Yeah that sounds good," I say and lay my head on his shoulder.

"Good because I'm starving, then you can drag me around shop after shop," he says with a small smile.

"You're always hungry," I say closing my eyes. I feel so tired after all the stress of this morning, I just feel drained. I know that if I trusted him more, this morning probably wouldn't have happened, I just can't shake of the feeling that there's something he's not telling me even more now that I know his uncle doesn't even want us to be together. There's so much we need to talk about and we just keep brushing everything under the carpet. We need to just talk to each other but I know it will end in tears. I want to tell him how I'm feeling, how I'm truly feeling but I can't bring myself to do it not now. I just don't trust him with my feelings anymore.

"Are you ok?" He asks me suddenly. I nod and feel him move his arm around my shoulders.

"I'm just thinking," I state.

"About?" he asks.

"Everything we seem too scared to talk about," I say and he looks down at me.

"Like what?" he asks.

"You know what," I state "you cheating on me, what happened at my grandfathers, the fact your uncle doesn't want us together, the fact I can't have children and you want them, my nightmares-" he cuts me off.

"That's you not me," he states and I can tell by the tone of his voice he's angry. I sit up and look at him. I notice the screen between us and the driver slowly go up.

"Yeah and you know why but the others is you too," I state "and let me finish,"

"There's more, and I'm not scared to talk to you about anything, i just don't see the point in talking about things that don't matter right now,"

"But they do matter," I say and he looks away from me "what's the point in us been together and wasting our time together when we'll never be happy with each other when we both want different things,"

"Megan can we not have this discussion now?" he asks.

"When are we going to because you're always saying not to have this discussion now but we're going to have to have it at some point?" I ask.

"Not now," he snaps at me and I look down a little "can you not just have a good day for fucking once, if you want to have this fucking discussion now then fine but don't start complaining at me and crying at me when we start arguing," he says his voice raising a little. "I'm sick of fucking arguing all of the god damn time," he breaths.

"Ok," I say and move away from him, making a clear space between us.
###chapter 100
\*\*Megan\*\*

Silence laces over us as I look out of the window on my side. "Is that what you want," he suddenly says. I look at him to see him frowning at me "for us to argue?" he asks. I shake my head. "Sure seems like you do," he mutters.

"I just want the tension between us to go," I say.

"What fucking tension," he snaps. I sigh and look away.

"It doesn't matter, you told me you want us to have a good day, let's just drop it," I say.

"No you've brought it fucking up so tell me what this tension is," he says and I look at him to see him glaring at me. I gulp the lump in my throat down and just as I'm about to say something the driver interrupts through a speaker.

"We're here sir," he says and he looks towards the driver and presses a button at the side of him to lower the screen divider.

"Thank you," Logan says and the car comes to a halt. Logan gets out of the car and slams the door shut behind him. I sigh and look down, I don't know what to say to him, I've ruined today for him and it hasn't even started. I just ruin everything. My car door opens and I look to see David. I give him a small smile and climb out of the car.

"Thank you," I say.

"Don't worry miss, Logan has a habit of being cranky when he's hungry, he's like a baby just bigger," he says and I smile a little as I walk away from him.

I look at Logan to see him looking at me. I walk towards him and look at what we're stood in front of at it's a cute little cafe. I feel Logan touch my hand, I flinch and shiver. The way he looked at me in the car scared me. I fold my arms across my chest and then feel his hand on the lower part of my back. He leads me into the small posh looking coffee shop. We walk in to see a girl stood waiting. She looks at us and gives us a small smile.

"Mr Peters I presume," she says her strong French accent making her English sound hard to understand. Logan nods and she smiles "if you'd like to follow," she says. We follow her through the cafe and it seems to be a lot bigger than it looks. She leads us to the back of the cafe/restaurant and looks at us and smiles as she stops at a table her smile fades as she looks at Logan.

"This is our table?" he asks.

"Yes, would you like to sit somewhere else?" she asks. "Although it is one of the best seats..." she trails off as Logan shakes his head.

"I would like to sit somewhere more secluded please," he says and I can tell by the look on his face he's still angry and he's trying his best not to snap at the woman.

"Certainly sir," she says and she looks really flustered.

"It's fine," I suddenly say and she looks at me "this table is fine ignore him," I say and sit down at the table. I look at Logan and he glares at me. I gulped and held my stare at him, he wasn't going to force me down with that stare of his like he just has with this woman. "Sit down honey," I say with a tilt of my head and smiling at him. He breathes out through his nose and sits down in the chair opposite me. "See its fine," I say to the woman. She nods and hands us some menus.

"Any drinks?" she asks.

"Water is fine for me," I say.

"I don't know. Why don't you ask my darling?" Logan says in a sarcastic tone towards me giving me the same obvious fake smile that I gave him.

"Water for him then too," I say. She nods and walks away from us. "What is your problem?" I ask. "There's no one hardly in here," I say.

"You know exactly what my problem is," he says.

"Shall we just leave then?" I ask. He shakes his head and looks away from me. I open the menu and silence laces over us. Fortunately the menu is in English. I know the tiniest of French but not enough to get by in France.

The woman returns placing two glasses of ice in front of us along with a fancy glass jug of water a small bowl of sliced lemons.

"Anything else?" she asks.

"A cup of tea please," Logan says. She nods with a small smile and walks away. I look away from him back to the menu. I'm not that hungry but I wouldn't mind a soup. "I'm sorry," I hear Logan say. I close the menu and look at him.

"With what you said you're right we do need to talk about that stuff, I just feel that talking about it all at once wouldn't solve anything, One thing at a time ok?" he asks. I nod and look down. He reaches for my hands but I move them off the table. "I scared you," he states. I nod and look away from him. "I'm sorry I never meant to scare you I was just angry I want to go at least a day without arguing and thinking about all this negative crap we have going on," he says.

"I know so do I but I can't help thinking about it," I state.

"Ok," he says and moves his hands in front of his mouth. "What would you like to talk about first?" he asks. I shrug and he sighs.

"I don't really want to pick a subject to talk about," I state. He moves one of his hands down at the napkin in front of him and looks towards the waitress who is on her way over with a pot of tea. She places a small teapot on the table and a cup with a small bowl of sugar and jug of milk.

"Thank you," he says. She smiles and walks away. I watch him pour the silk hot liquid of the tea into his white china cup. "Tea always calms me down," he says quietly.

"So next time I feel like you're going to hit me I should just give you a cup of tea," I say. "If only another man in my life was that easy," I say quietly and he just looks at me.

"You thought I was going to hit you," he says. I nod a little "I'd never, just because I was angry at you doesn't mean I'll suddenly start hitting you," he says frowning at me. "You should know this by now,"

"How am I supposed to know that?" I ask.

"Megan I've told you countless of times that I'd never hit you," he says.

"You saying that doesn't suddenly stop me from being scared of you," I snap. "You shout and snap at me all the time and the way you look at me sometimes it's like you want to," I say. "You're always angry," I say. He puts down the teapot and stands up. I look up at him and he walks away from our table. I gulp and look down. I can't help how he makes me feel sometimes. I know I have no real reason to be scared of him but I can't stop myself. I don't know why I feel it, it's just I have noticed a lot that he gets angry easily.
###chapter 101
\*\*Megan\*\*

I look around to see the woman that has been serving us looking over at me. I look away from her and take my phone out of my pocket. I go to text him but realise I have no network coverage. I sigh and look back around and I see him walking towards me. I sigh in relief. He sits back down at the table and pours himself a cup of tea. I watch him as he sits silently making his tea just how he likes it.

"Tell me what you're thinking," he says suddenly. I look him in the eyes and he looks down at his tea and stirs it a little. "Please," he adds.

"You get angry easily and I don't want to feel the way I do towards you, I want to be comfortable with you all the time not just 50% of the time," I say.

"Ok," he sighs and takes a sip of his tea. "Neither do I," he says and looks at me. "How about I get help for it then?" I ask.

I look down and it all slowly starts to make sense now. I'm not right enough to have a relationship. My shrink even said so and I just thought that it wouldn't matter because he understands me more than anyone else in the world. I just didn't think about the toll it would have on him. I feel myself slowly start to cry.

"Can we be moved please?" I hear him ask. I then feel his arms go around me and he slowly lifts me to my feet. I look to see we're moving to a booth that's in the corner and by the look of it, it's normally used for a parties of more than four. I sit down and slide up the leather bench and he slides in next to me and now no one can see us.

"Why are you crying?" he asks.

"I'm sorry," I say trying to stop myself. I'm not heavily crying, just silently crying.

"What's going on in this head of yours?" he asks moving his hand over my head and down to my back. "I'm ok with getting help for my anger if I'm honest I've been thinking about it for a while, not about my anger because I thought I had that under control," he says. I look at him.

"I never thought about you," I say.

"What do you mean?"

"This relationship and me I didn't think about how I would affect you, how my moods and everything that has happened, I just always thought about myself," I say and he sighs a little.

"All any of this does to me is make me angry, I mean there are times where I just feel useless and I get angry at myself because I don't like to feel out of control of things and that's how I feel.Right now I'm angry, not at you. At what happened to you just a few days ago. I want to go kill someone and I can't, I am probably taking it out on you and I shouldn't because it's not your fault. I'm also taking it out on Carl I've noticed that and with what you've just said to me. I..." he sighs and looks down "that could possibly be the worst thing I've ever heard anyone say to me," he states and I look down.

"I'm sorry," I say quietly.

"Don't be, it's an eye opener," he says and I look at him. "I went outside to get some air and think clearly, I spoke to David, I was just going to leave but he said something that made me think and come back," he pauses "I also just want to know what you're thinking," he says. I smile a little and look away from him. "Maybe telling you I won't ever hurt you won't make you feel a hundred percent safe with me when I'm angry but I don't know what else to say to you and if you know of anything that will help just tell me and I'll do it because you mean everything to me Megan," he says and I look at him.

"I feel the same to you," I say look at him.

"That's good," he says with a small smile "I'd be running tests on you if I didn't I mean I am amazing," he says and I smile.

"You have to feed your ego," I say and he smiles and hugs me.

"I'll make some arrangements tomorrow," he says "and please don't think any of this is your fault, I've been thinking about it for a while," he explains. "If you do, I'm going to have to make you watch more horror movies on your own though," he says and I look up at him. "What? There's three other Paranormal Activities," he says and I glare at him.

"I'll hate you forever if you make me watch horrors on my own," I say and he laughs.

"Can we eat now because I'm starving, I'm sure I've lost weight since this morning?" he asks and I pull away from the hug and give him a nod of my head.

\*\*Logan\*\*

I move my arms around Megan's waist, after earlier I didn't expect us to get back to being us again. I expected her to go back in on herself and just make me work to get her to talk to me again. I kiss her neck and hold her tightly to me as she looks out onto the river. She turns her head towards me and kisses me softly.

"Where next?" she asks.

"Food?" I ask. She smiles at me and shakes her head.

"We ate not long ago and I'm sure you were eating while I was shopping," she says. I pick up two of her shopping bags and she picks up the other two.

"Ok I know where next," I state "I just want you to try on a dress," I state and she smiles up at me.

"A dress? Why?" she asks and I smile.

"I just want you to try it on, I wasn't sure of your measurements so I want to make sure it fits,"

"You bought me a dress?" she asks her eyebrows rose.

"It's for a ball I have to go to next week and well you're going to be my date so I need to get you a dress," I explain and she looks at me.

"Oh I'm going to be your date? I don't think I heard you ask me," she states and I smile.

"Will you be my date?" I ask.

"Of course," she says and leans in and gives me a quick kiss and we walk hand in hand back to where the shops are.

\*\*Megan\*\*

Logan held a dark green one sleeved, floor length dress that seemed to overlap and join at the right side of the waist giving it a draping affect.  I look at him and then at the dress and then back at him. A blonde woman stood at the side of him, her hands clasped in front of her chest waiting for my reaction and she seemed happy that we were using her services as if it was an honour to have Logan and I in the shop.

"Are you serious?" I ask.

"Just try it on please," he begged.

"I don't know," I say looking at the dress and shaking my head. It is a beautiful dress and I know it is but looking at it I know I won't do the dress justice.

"Just try it on and if you don't like it I'll pick a different one," he states.

"You picked that dress?" I ask shocked.

"No Carl did, he insisted that it would look great on you and that I bought it," he says and I notice something in his eyes as he said that. "But I think he's right," he says quickly. "Please," he pleads.

"Fine," I sigh and roll my eyes. He smiles and I take the dress from him. The blonde sale assistant leads me towards the changing rooms. I walk into the changing room and it was quite large. It had four hangers three full length mirrors and a small buffet.

There were two reasons why I did not want to try on this dress, one being I was not wearing the correct underwear for a dress like this and two, I know that it will not look good on me. I get undress and stand in front of the full length mirror in front of me. I never fully look at my body when I look in the mirror I mostly just concentrate on the clothes I'm wearing and make sure they cover any scars.

Pulling on the dress I realise that this will not cover all my scars, yes it covers any scars I have on my legs and the recent one on my rib cage but I don't think it will cover my back very well. I zip it up the side and then walk out of the dressing room to see Logan sat with a glass of wine in his hand. He looks at me and smiles. He places the glass on the tray provided and then walks towards me.

"There's some shoes for you to try too," he says and looks towards the woman that is serving us. She holds a pair of silver white court shoes towards me. I take them and put them on.

"So..." I ask as I walk towards him.

"Look in the mirror," he states as he turns me and leads me to look in the full length mirror. He stops me a few steps away from the mirror and looks at me from the mirror. "What do you think?" he asks.

I look at myself and turn to the side a little to look at my back to see it didn't cover all the scars on my back. I look at him and then back to the mirror focusing on my back.

"It's a nice dress, I just don't think it's for me," I say quietly.

"Have you even looked at how you look in it?" he asks.

"Yeah and it doesn't cover my scars Logan," I answer. He sighs and moves my hair over my back.

"Now your scars are covered," he states. "Just wear your hair down on the night, it will look really nice," he states.

"You really want to get me this dress?" I ask.

"Yeah you look amazing in it, I love how it fits you," he says and moves his hands down from my shoulders to my waist and kisses the shoulder that is uncovered. I smile a little place my hands over his. "Plus it'll go with my tuxedo, although it's pretty much black and white I can add a bit of colour to it thanks to this dress," he says and kisses my neck once more.

"Ok," I say looking at us both in the mirror. I have to admit I do like the fit of this dress and  I do look good in it. He smiles and lets go of me.

"Go get changed quickly, before I get more turned on," he says. I smile and walk back into the changing room.
###chapter 102
**Megan**

Taking Logan's hand in mine as I catch up to him. I had stopped to look in a boutique window and he seemed engrossed in his phone. I lean in to see him looking at a website.

"What are you planning?" I ask.

"I'm planning on not going back to England tonight," he looks at me with a small smile on his face "do you want to stay here the night and go after breakfast?" he asks.

"Urm, I don't know," I say and scratch the side of my head with my index finger. I have noticed how we're a lot more touchy feely and if I'm honest I'm nervous about spending the night with him here. Maybe it's with how I'm feeling. I feel like he's expecting us to go further in our relationship tonight. He hasn't done anything in particular to make me feel this pressure. It was more I, maybe because I want to.

"Think about it, if we go back it means putting up with my uncle first thing in the morning," he states. I smile and move my hand out of his hand and around his waist. His arm moves around my shoulders and he kisses me at the side of my head as he pulls me close to him. He moves his phone into his pocket and looks at me "I've just booked us a table at a restaurant," he states. "David will pick us up in an hour. Do you want to do something while we wait?" he asks.

"Can we go sightseeing more?" I ask.

"Sure I guess," he says and he doesn't look too pleased. I smile at him and move his hand into mine and pull him with me across a bridge. I stop at the railing of the bridge and look down at the river boats going by. His arms move around my waist and he hugs me tightly.

"I do wish we could stay here forever," I say as I hold my camera up at the view in front of me. I press the button on the camera and hear a click and then a beep. Pulling the camera in front of me I look at the picture I've just taken. Logan leans over resting his chin on my shoulder as I flick through some of the pictures I had taken today so far.

"How long have you had this camera?" he asks.

"A while I think my mother bought me it for my birthday, I'm not sure," I say.

"Let me see your pictures," he says, moving his hand over mine.

I smile watching him flick through all my photographs. Images of me and the girls along with pictures of Max that I had taken when we were at home come into view. Slowly we start to flick through pictures that I took before I met Logan and a picture of me and Tyler comes into view. He presses the button again and again. It's a picture of Tyler and this time I'm kissing his cheek with a small smile on my face. He presses the button again to see a video playing. I frown not knowing I even had a video on my camera.

"A video too," Logan exclaims. I look at him and then back at my camera to see it's of me laid in bed asleep and I recognise the bedding anywhere. It's Tyler's bedding. The camera moves towards Tyler.

*'When you finally watch this you will realise I've done something terrible while you were asleep,' Tyler says into the camera and then the camera turns back towards me and he pulls back the covers to show my naked back covered in pen and it's now I remember this video and our morning. I'm only wearing my bra and panties in the whole video.*

"Maybe we shouldn't watch this," I state as I put my hand over the camera.

"No I want to," Logan says moving my hand and holding me tightly with his other hand. I sigh and watch the video of me and Tyler.

*'Now let me explain my art work,' Tyler says 'It's all just practice and any future tattoo suggesting if you ever think of getting one,' he says 'plus I think I was still a little drunk when I started. Look.'* He says as he scrolls the camera up my back showing an angel with black wings, a devil with a knife between it's teeth and then a heart with Tyler's name written underneath it and a load of little doodles like stars and music notes. And I suddenly remember having to wash all of this off my back.

"*Tyler what are you doing?" I hear my voice say sleepily.*

*"Nothing," he says and the camera is on my face. "Did you sleep well?" he asks.*

*"I guess," I say and turn on my back. "Put the camera away," I say and stretch I noticed it's way before I started losing weight.*

*"You look really good there," Logan says.*

*"Does it worry you that I'm about 15 there?" I ask. Logan laughs a little and raises an eyebrow.*

*"You would not think your 15,"*

*"Hmm maybe," I say and watch as Tyler carries on asking me questions and ignoring me when I tell him to put the camera away.*

*"Tyler," my voice demands. "If you do not get that thing out my face you see this," and the camera shakes and Tyler seethes in a breath.*

*"Ah your twisting," he says and I realise I've got him by the nads.*

*"I'll twist it off," I threaten.*

*"I'm sorry, just let go and I'll take the camera away," he says.*

*"Good," I say and my eyes close and my hand moves under the pillow. "I have a hangover," I say and get comfy.*

*"I love you," he says and I sigh.*

*"Love you too now let me sleep prick," I say and he laughs.*

*"As long as you love me," he says.*

*"Yeah yeah,"* I say and I watch as my head turns away from the camera and I hear him laughing. The camera then cuts off.

"Remind me not to wake you up when you have a hangover," Logan says and I giggle.

"That was the old me and I think Tyler had pissed me off the night before," I explain. He smiles and takes the camera in his hands.

"Let's have a picture together," he says

"What? But someone may see it," I say surprised he'd even suggest that.

"No one but you and me will see it," he says holds the camera to face us.

"Take it with your phone just to make sure," I say. He nods and lets go of the camera. I put it back in my pocket and watch as he gets out his phone and holds it in front of us. "Don't save it as anything, I don't want people seeing it," I state.

"Ok I won't," he says and I smile and kiss his cheek. "That's a picture I'm saving," he says and I smile and look at the phone to see a picture of me kissing his cheek.

"One more and then no others," I say and look at the camera and smile. He holds the phone away from us and takes a picture.
###chapter 103
**Megan**

Climbing into the limousine I scoot to the other side so Logan can get in next to me. He places his hand on my knee as he sits down next to me. I look down at his hand and take it into mine. It's weird but I still feel butterflies in my stomach whenever he holds my hand which was something I didn't get from Tyler. The worst is that when he comes to kiss me I can't even control my breathing. I'm sure one day he'll be the death of me. I can picture it now he kisses me and I have a heart attack or I starve of oxygen.

"You ok?" he asks looking down at me.

"Yeah I'm fine," I say smiling and take his hand in mine. The thought of loving him scares me. I do want to love him I'm just scared that he'll use it against me because in all honesty I've never felt this strongly for someone. I know in my heart that if he left me I wouldn't know what to do with myself. Right now he's the only good thing in my life regardless of his cons.

"We need to get changed," he says taking me out of my thoughts. I look away from our joined hands to him.

"Why?"

"The restaurant is quite elegant and I don't think jeans are going to cut it," he says and reaches towards one of our many shopping bags.

"Oh," I say "can we stay the night still?" I ask. He looks at me and I give him a small smile.

"Sure," he says.

"Good because I want to,"

"Ok then, I'll get David to set it up," he says.

"I can't believe I allowed you to buy me all this," I say looking at the bags.

"Think of it all as Christmas presents, seen as you didn't get to celebrate Christmas," Logan says. I roll my eyes at him and pull out the Hervé Léger dress he bought me which I only agreed to because he seems to have a way with word. That and he offered to buy a blazer to go with it so I didn't have to show off my back.

"Is this ok," I ask holding it up. He looks at it.

"Beautiful," I then look around "are we get changed in here?" I ask. He nods and I watch as the divider between us and the driver goes up. I look at him.

"I won't look promise," he says not looking at me.

"Ok," I say and start to get undressed. He keeps his back to me the whole time. He changes into a pair of black trousers a dark red shirt and a black blazer.

I'm now pretty much naked all I've got on is my underwear. I reach for the dress and pull it over my knees and move my arms through. I then zip up the back far as I can go and then reach for my shoes. The shoes are Dolce and Gabana which again he insisted on buying. It isn't like I don't like him buying me things but everything he has bought has been so expensive and well I don't want people to start questioning why I'm with him. I don't need expensive things. I did however like his come back to me telling him I don't need expensive things: 'I know you don't need expensive things but I want to buy the best for you because you deserve the best,' he left me completely speechless.

"Do I look ok?" I ask now sitting back in my seat. He turns and looks at me. He smiles a little and then tilts his head.

"Better," he says and takes my hand in his as he sits down. "How do I look?" he asks.

"I like it," I say. I pause and look down at our hands intertwined. "Can you zip me up please?" I ask.

"Sure," he says and he zips my dress up.

Logan escorts me through the restaurant of a fancy hotel as we're led to our table. He lets go of my hand as we get to our table.

"This is the best table in the house, sir," the waiter says.

"Thank you," Logan says sitting down at the table. I sit next to him and the waiter hands us the menu. I open it and scour over it.

"Can I get you any drinks sir?" the waiter asks.

"A bottle of your best white wine would be great," Logan says. "I'm not a massive fan of wine so I will trust your judgement," he adds looking up at the waiter.

"Of course sir," he says and walks off.

Logan looks over at me and reaches out for my hand. I place my hand in his as I look through the menu. My eyes land on the meat and fish section of the menu and as they do Logans hand slips out of my hand and under the table onto my leg. I look at him and close my menu.

"Are you not going to take a look at the menu?" I ask.

"No I know what I'm having," he says.

"Oh what?" I ask.

"Salmon for my starter, a 10oz sirloin for main and I'm undecided about my desert," he says.

"I may have the soup," I say and then look around. "Where's the ladies room?" I ask.

"We passed it on our way in," he says. I nod and stand up.

"I'll be back," I say.

"I hope so," he says and I smile at him.  

I walk into the bathroom and start to look through my bag. I take out my make up and then look at myself in the mirror and start to touch up my makeup. I wonder if he'll notice that I've put some lipstick on knowing him he probably will. He seems to notice everything all the time. I flick my red lipstick over my lips and add another coat of foundation adding more around my nose and just a layer of mascara. Once done I place my makeup back into my bag and walk out of the ladies rest room.

Looking over at the table I see Logan talking to our waiter. As I walk over to them the waiter takes the menu from Logan and smiles warmly at him and then walks away. I sit back in my seat and look at Logan he smiles at me and takes my hand in his.

"I ordered you the soup and for main because you never said what you wanted for the main so I figure it will be a surprise," he says. I smile at him and he tilts his head. "You look different," he says and my smile widens a little. "That lipstick goes nicely with what you're wearing," he pauses "that's something Carl would say," he says "but you seem to make anything look good together," he states. I laugh and move my free hand to my mouth to cover it.

"You're so cheesy sometimes," I giggle. "I like that about you though," I say and he grins.

\---???

I watch as Megan returns back to their table. I had seen them walk in and sit at the table. Megan giggles at something Logan says. I feel myself smile and then look back to my husband who is sat in front of me. He sighs and shakes his head at me as he reads the menu.

"I was right," I state.

"Yes you may have been right dear but don't you think you should stop staring at them," he says "if they catch you they'll stop being comfortable with each other and just leave," he adds.

"True," I say and continue reading my menu. "Do they remind you of us two?" I ask.

"We had the same relationship as them but they don't seem to be as daring as what we were," he explains.

"Well we had to be seen as we were in a boarding school," I state.

"What confuses me is that he can afford a restaurant like this with his wage, the bottle of wine he ordered must be worth half of his wage,"

"He's a millionaire I think," I say "I managed to do some research on him before hiring him as I had heard his name somewhere before and I think he's an heir to a multi - million dollar fortune," I explain. He nods in response and looks back at the menu.

"Now will you enjoy our 20th anniversary and stop nosing about them?" He asks. I nod and smile at him.
###chapter 104
**Megan**

"Logan, are you really going to eat a desert?" I ask him. He smiles and tilts his head at me.

"Do I really need to answer that question?" he asks. I shake my head with a small smile and finish off my second glass of wine. "Do you want to get some air while they're preparing my dessert," he asks.

"Sure," I say and watch as he stands. He reaches out for my hand and I gently put my hand in his as I rise from my seat. He looks towards our waiter who is standing a few feet from our table and tells him to call us when our dessert has arrived. Logan leads me out of double doors that lead out onto a balcony.

I look around and notice there were a few other couples dotted around the balcony and a man playing the violin. Logan moves his arms around me as I lean against the rail of the balcony.

"So have you enjoyed today?" he asks.

"Yeah I have actually," I pause and look up at the night sky "for some reason I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I have," I say and then look at him. "I'm not used to been spoiled,"

"You will have to get used to it, you deserve to be spoiled," he says with a small smile and kisses my shoulder. I smile and move my hand onto his chest. He moves in and kisses me on the lips. "Do you want our dessert out here or inside?" he asks.

"Hmm how about up in our room?" I ask shyly. He smiles a little and kisses me on the lips once more.

"That can be arranged," he says and holds me tightly to him. He then turns towards the waiter that had been serving us all night. "Can we have our desert brought up to our room?" he asks.

"Absolutely sir," he pauses "I will have it brought to your room once it is done," he says and walks away from us. Logan takes my hand in his and pulls me with him towards the doors that lead back into the restaurant.

Once we reach our table he picks up my jacket and helps me put it on. We walk out of the restaurant into the lobby of the hotel. He leads me towards one of the elevator and presses for it to come. Logan lets go of me hand and pulls out his wallet.

"I don't know if I should tip our waiter or not," he suddenly says. I look up at him "I pay his wage anyway so I don't know," he says taking out a card. "Plus he has hardly done anything special," he points out "to say I own this hotel you think he would do something special," he says and looks up at the ceiling in thought.

"What do you expect him to do?" I ask.

"Crack a joke do a few hand stands, spin on his head you know what jesters would do for their kings," he says. I raise my eyebrows at him and he turns to look at me with a smile on his face. "I'm kidding I usually tip though," he says.

"Tip him when he brings the deserts up if you're that bothered, I personally don't think he earned a tip," I pause "you're right he did nothing special, didn't go out of his way to make our evening a pleasant one, I'd fire him," I state. He looks at me "I'm serious,"

"I'll fire him tomorrow then," he says and I laugh. The elevator doors open. I walk in and he walks in after me. The doors close and Logan presses the top floor button. He moves his arms around me and moves a piece of my hair to the side and behind my ear.

"He might be having an off day," I say.

"True, I really don't care though," he says as he leans towards me "not right now anyway," he adds and kisses me.  I smile and kiss him back. His hands move through my hair and push me closer to him as I clench his shirt in my hands. He pulls back and then starts to kiss my neck.

"Logan," I say trying to get his attention.

"Yes," he says between kisses.

"There's a camera," I say staring up at the camera. He stops and he lets out a small chuckle and looks in the direction I'm looking.

"Ok," he says taking hands from around me. I let go of his shirt and he takes my hand into his. "Not comfortable with an audience?" he asks.

"I'm comfortable with them, when I know who's watching," I say and he looks at me.  I give him a small smile and kiss his cheek. The elevator stops and we walk out.

"So you're an exhibitionist," he says to me as we walk to our room.

"I used to be, to a certain extent," I say and stop when he stops. He takes a card out of his trouser pocket and places it into the door handle. The door beeps and then unlocks. I watch him open it and then walk inside, I walk in after him.

The room is bigger than I expected. It has a sitting area with a flat screen TV mounted onto the wall and a corner brown couch. Logan takes off his blazer as he walks up the two steps into the living room and throws it onto the couch. I follow and take my blazer off but I hold mine as I look around to see that this was open plan as the bedroom were only two steps higher than the living room.

"I need to make a phone call, make yourself at home ok," he states and open the balcony doors from the bedroom and walks out onto a terrace shutting the door behind him.

I often wonder what goes through his mind when he's alone with me. He always seems to have an excuse to be out of the room with me. It's different when we're about to go to bed, maybe he senses that I feel a bit awkward. I do feel tense right now, only because I feel like he's expecting something to happen right now. I don't understand why I feel this way when I've been alone with him plenty of times. Maybe it's because I want something to happen and I'm expecting it myself not him. I place my jacket on the couch and slip off my shoes and as I do the doors open again and Logan walks in.

"No answer," he says.

"Who were you trying to call?" I ask.

"Carl, but knowing him he's most likely out or sleeping, he was talking about a rave he wanted to go to before," he says. I smile a little trying to imagine Carl in rave gear. "I know what you're thinking and he looks hilarious and also is hilarious when he goes to raves, it's like his real gay side comes out," he says. "But then again it depends what he's taken," he says after a long pause.

"Drugs can do funny things to a person," I say and walk up to him and wrap my arms around his waist. I wonder if I make the first move I might relax a little. Or if I can stop myself from thinking about all of this I can relax and just allow things to happen. I feel like I'm acting like I've never done anything with a guy before.

"Now what is your plan Miss Wright now that you have me in this hotel room?" he asks suddenly. I look up at him and I realise what he's trying to do. He's trying to make me make the first move. Or he's trying to relax me.

"I plan on eating dessert with you but it's not here yet," I say and he smiles.

"Well you know what that means don't you?" he asks and moves his hands to cup my face. "That you are at a conundrum, that is until the dessert does arrive and knowing the French they may take a while what with them wanting to be perfect with me being their boss and everything," he says with a smirk creasing his lips.

"Well I guess you have to entertain me until dessert comes," I say. He smiles and leans in to kiss me. I move my hands up his body and pull him closer to me. He moves his hands from my face down my body to my hips. He pulls back and kisses my neck.

"There's no camera's in here," he whispers in my ear. I giggle and sit down on the bed. I move back on the bed and take his hand in mine pulling him on top of me. Our lips meet once more and I start to unbutton his shirt.
###chapter 105
**Megan**

This is fine I don't feel like I have no control, he's letting me do what I want and he even said that we'd go at my pace, go with what I'm happy with and stop when I want us to stop. It just makes me think that all my fears are pointless; I know he's never going to force me to do anything or pressure me into anything.

He starts to unzip the back of my dress.

My mental self takes a deep breath, he's only unzipped my dress it's not like he's gone and ripped it off me. I just have to calm down. But now this means he's expecting me to take this dress off. I unbuttoned his shirt though so it's only fair that I allow him to undress some part of me.

His hand moves to my shoulder and pulls on the thick strap of my dress pulling to down a little. His body presses against mine as he moves up a little lying between my legs.

It's not like I've not been topless in front of him before or even been in my underwear in front of him before. Yes maybe this time I feel some sort of expectations of where this night will lead us but I want this. I want our relationship to progress to become one of a physical, sexual nature. I can feel his weight on my body. Like it's pinned.

There's a voice within my head that tells me that he's not different that given the chance he'd do the same things to me. But that's not true I know he would never hurt me like that. That's not his nature. The voice although it started off faint and small seems to be getting bigger and louder as I feel the pressure of his body on mine. As I feel his hands caress my body and his kisses move from my lips to my neck and collar bone.

*'Get him off,'* it shouts '*he's the same they're all the same, if he doesn't get to this time he'll just cheat on us again with a woman that's willing to pleasure him, he won't stop even if you tell him to,'* I know the voice is wrong I know that because he's told me and promised me. He cares about me and will stop if I tell him to. 'He won't,' it shouts at me as if I'm stupid and not listening, like it's angry with me for believing him. I want the voice to stop, I want this and I want the voice to stop.

Logan's hand moves up my thigh as he kisses my chest. My hand is locked in his hair.

*'You're stupid Benjamin was right, about everything, why would Logan even want us after what he did to us, it's obvious all he wants is this,' the voice cries.*

Logan kisses back up my neck to my lips.

*'See,'* the voice says. Why won't this stop. The voice is wrong it's just the part of me that's scared and it's wrong. *'You're wrong,'* it screams *'you're going to get us hurt again because you won't listen,'*

I don't know what has come over me but I can't stop myself. I push Hogan off me and out of nowhere punch him in the face. I crawl back against the head board and hold my dress up. I can't look at him and I can't stop myself as I start to cry. My mind is going crazy why is this happening I want to move on.

He's staring at me. I can feel him. A knock sounds. It's the door. Logan moves away from me. I take a deep breath and hold my hand to my face. He's angry he's got to be. I'd be angry if someone just randomly hit me with no excuse. He'll hit me back. My eyes widen, I need to say sorry, I need to get out of here.

"Your dessert sir," I hear our waiter from downstairs say.

"Thank you," Logan says. His tone doesn't sound angry.

"Sir you're bleeding," the waiter says. I gulp, why can't I move.

"Oh, yes I just slipped in the bathroom, too much wine I think," he says with a fake chuckle. "It often makes me dizzy," he says. "Thank you for the dessert," Logan says trying to dismiss him.

"You're welcome sir, if you need anything else please let us know, there is also a first aid kit in the bathroom," the waiter say.

"Thank you," Logan says and the door is shut. Then there's silence. I move to the edge of the bed and move my head into my hands. I hear a pop of a cork and it makes me jump. I look behind me to see he's not there. I hear clinking glasses and then pouring.

"Here's some wine," Logan says catching my attention. I don't move but I hear him place it on the bedside table at the other side. "Would you like me to zip you're dress up?" he asks. I can't reply, I can't even look at him. I just punched him and he's acting like nothing happened. I'm sure I'm having a breakdown right now and he's acting like I've done nothing wrong or acting wrong at all.

The bed weighs down and then I feel him start to zip my dress up. I don't move I just allow him.

"There," he says and the bed moves up and I hear a door shut. I look behind me to see the bathroom door shut. Maybe he's hiding his anger or he's biding his time. The door opens and he walks out. His hand comes into view. He's holding his hand out towards me. "C'mon," he says and I place my hand in his.

Logan leads me into the sitting room and sits on the couch. I sit at the other side so there's a clear space between us.

"I'm going to watch TV, that is until you tell me what just happened," he says. I look down at my lap and try to calm myself down to then think about what I'm going to say

--

I slowly look towards Logan to see the cut on his cheek. I look down at my hands to see the costume ring I had bought earlier today from one of the clothes shops we went to. It's a 3D cross with a pointed bed. It's now stained with blood. Logan's blood. I can feel myself starting to get upset, I guess this means I'm the same as Benjamin. My hand even hurts; I had always tried to fight Benjamin off me. I even punched him until my hands hurt but it was like he didn't feel pain.

"Here," I look to see Logan holding a napkin out to me. I take it and wipe my hand.

"Thank you," I mumble then stay silent. I place the napkin down and take my champagne glass and gulp it down. I take a deep breath and try to calm myself. He's right I have to explain myself. "I'm sorry," I say quietly.

"For what?" he asks.

"Hurting you I never meant to do that, I," I hold back a sob I don't want to cry.

"Tell me what's going on in that head, I want to know what you're thinking," he says.

"I just had this voice in my head telling my you were the same as him and I wanted it to shut up, to leave me alone but it wouldn't stop and I don't know I just started to get angry and I just took it out on you," I explain and look at him to see him looking at me.

"You shouted stop when you pushed me off you," he says.

"I don't know if I was talking to you or the voice," I say.

"I would stop if you ask me to," he says.

"I know, I just can't stop feeling his presence," I say and he looks down

"Ok," I feel him move closer to me and move his hand in mine. I look at him and he leans in to kiss me on the lips. His lips are soft and so is his kiss. I pull away and look at him.

"I'm really sorry," I say quietly and skim my thumb along his cut cheek bone while I cup his face in my hand.

"It's ok, I don't think you intentionally meant to harm me," he says "But I deserved it anyway after how much of a crap boyfriend I've been the past few weeks," he explains. I sigh and shake my head as he moves his arm around me and pulls me close to him. "I think we can have dessert now," he says. I nod and watch him reach for chocolate cake that had raspberry coulees and a few raspberries dotted around with icing sugar sprinkled on top. I raise an eyebrow as he places it on his lap. It's a huge slice with a chocolate middle which I'm guessing is fudge.

"Chocolate fudge?" I ask.

"Devil's food cake, I love this cake, it's my favourite," he says and uses the dessert fork provided to cut off a bite size piece from the cake. He dips a bit of it in the coulees and holds it out to me. "Try it," he says and I take it in my mouth. "Beautiful isn't it," he says and I smile while testing the taste of it. "I love chocolate," he gushes and I laugh.

"You're such a girl," I say and he smiles.

"I just have a sweet tooth," he says and reaches for the other dessert and holds it out to me. It's a lemon cheesecake. I smile and take the plate in my hands.

"I love cheesecake," I say and cut into the cheesecake. He opens his mouth and I smile "I knew there was a catch to me having a piece of your cake," I say and place the piece into his mouth. He takes it and smiles.

"Not as good as my cake," he says and I laugh. He sits comfortably and looks at the TV. I move closer to him and relax next to him.
###chapter 106
  
**Megan**

Once he's done with his piece of cake he moves his arm around my shoulders and pulls me close to him as I place a small piece of cheesecake into my mouth. I place the fork on the plate and then place the plate down on the small glass table in front of us.

"Do you think I'll ever be right?" I ask quietly. He's silent for a moment. I look at him to see him looking at the ceiling in thought.

"What's right?" he asks. "I know I'm not 'right' and I don't think I want to be,"

"I mean normal," I say and he looks at me.

"Normal is overrated," he says and I sigh and look away from him.

"I just feel I'll never be over anything," I say.

"Megan, two months ago you wouldn't allow me to touch you, and you were breaking down nearly every day," he says looking at me.

"I know but I just want to rid myself of it all," I say and he moves his hands onto my legs and swings me around so my legs are over his making my body turn to him.

"None of it will happen overnight, it takes time, and you just have to be patient. Ok?" he explains. I nod and move onto his lap and snuggle into his neck.

"Thank you," I say while wrapping my arms around his neck. I feel his hand move down my back and rest on the lower part of my back. I look at him to see him looking towards the TV. I move forwards and press my lips to his. His hand moves around my neck and slowly up to my jaw. He pulls back and looks at me.

"You should get some sleep," he says and I smile a little.

"I don't think I want to sleep," I say shyly and look down at my lap. He lifts my head by my chin and looks at me.

"Megan, I don't intend to go back to England with two black eyes," he says and I smile and move off him and stand up. I reach for the zip at my back and pull on it, moving it down a little. "Megan," he says tilting his head back and looking at me.

"What? Yes it was only about an hour ago that I attacked you," he cuts in.

"You didn't attack me," he says with a roll of his eyes. I just sigh.

"Well whatever but I want to be more daring, I have to be, I have to get out of my comfort zone," I say and turn my back to him. He sighs and I feel him pull on the zip and he slowly unzips my dress. "And I'm only taking my dress off, whatever happens after that is not my fault," I say and he laughs and I move back onto the couch. He moves his leg up so I'm laid between his legs. His arms wrap tightly around me and snuggles me close to him. "You're lovely and warm," I say and look towards the TV.

"Are you content now?" he asks and I look at him.

"Wonderfully content," I say with a big grin. He shakes his head and presses his lips to mine.

"Good," he says and wraps his arms around my body.

\---

I move up off Logan to see him asleep. I lean over him and kiss his neck and relax back onto his body as I slowly unbutton his shirt. I then feel his hands move back around me and he flips us over so that he's now on top. He pulls back and moves my leg from the side of him, under his body to the side of him. So he's now at the side of me. He looks down at me and I smile up at him.

"Seen as you won't allow a man to sleep," he says and I feel his hand move up my bare leg. I move my arms around his neck as he leans in and kisses me on my lips. He then pulls back "I feel overdressed," he says and pulls his shirt over his head. I smile as he leans in and kisses me again. His hand moves up my leg and over my stomach. His other hand moves into my hand, his fingers lace with mine. He pulls away and then kisses me again. I move my free hand and move it around his neck and pull him closer to me.

I wonder if this is ok. If this would be classed as moving too fast, or indeed too slow, my psychologist has told me nothing. All she does is ask me how I'm feeling; I want to know how I should be feeling to know if I'm going down the right path. I wonder if there is a right path to go. Maybe I'm going completely wrong and I shouldn't be doing this.

He pulls back and looks down at me. I hadn't realised but I had moved my hand down his torso and pushed him back a little.

"Do you want to stop?" he asks. I look at my hand then at him.

"No I'm just nervous," I say. He moves back and sits away from me. I slowly sit up and move my hand onto his. "What's wrong?"I ask.

"Nothing," he says and pulls me by my hands to him. I kneel up and he wraps his arms around my waist. I kiss him on the lips and then look at him while wrapping my arms around his neck.

"There is," I say and he smiles a little.

"I just don't want you to be nervous with me," he says.

"I'm going to be nervous regardless," I say and he looks at me. "Think about it," I say and he frowns and then looks down at me.

"Ok," he says, "I just want to have control with what I'm doing with you and want you to feel comfortable when I touch you," he says and I smile.

"Ok," I say and lean in and kiss him. His hands move up my back and I feel him unhook my bra. I pull back a little mostly because I wasn't expecting that and just as he's about to say something I kiss him again. He pulls away and moves off the couch taking my hand in his he pulls me up and into his arms, lifting me off my feet. I wrap my legs around his waist as he starts to carry me away from the couch. I move my arms around his neck and look at him and then smile a little.

"What?" he asks.

"Nothing," I say and kiss his cheek and then his nose.

"Take this off," he says moving one of his hands from under my bum to the strap of my bra. He slowly moves it down and I help him take it off. I move my arm over my breasts and look at him as he slowly places me back on my feet. He moves his hands to my shoulders and moves them down to my arms.

"Don't look," I say and I feel my face heat up.

"I'm going to look," he says and I look up at him. "I'm not going to lie to you," he says and kisses my forehead.

"But they're small," I say.

"So, I don't care," he says and takes my hand in his. "Don't be so nervous, to me your beautiful all the time," he says and leans in and kisses me. He slowly moves my hand away from my chest. I move back on the bed holding him with my hands at his shoulders. He moves to the side of me and then breaks our kiss. He kisses my neck and down to my collar bone. I take a deep breath and watch as his hands move over my breasts and he nibbles at my neck. He moves up and looks at me.

"Sorry I'm just nervous," I say

"I know you are," he says and moves his hand into one of mine and laces his fingers with mine. His other hand rests on my stomach. "I want you to do something for me," he says.

"What's that?" I ask.

"Close your eyes and promise to keep them closed until I say open," he says. I look at him "trust me," he says "that's all I'm asking of you," he adds.

"Ok," I say and close my eyes.

"Promise to keep them closed until I tell you to open," he says.

"I promise," I say and I feel his lips on mine.

"I'm going to be here the whole time, so don't worry, I won't let go of you," he says and I feel him squeeze my hand with his. I smile a little and I feel his hand move down from my stomach down my thigh to my knee and stop. He lifts my knee up my leg is not bent. "Are you cold?" he asks.

"Urm no why?" I ask.

"Good it means I've turned you on a little," I feel myself go red, my face burning with heat. I move my arm but I feel him take my hand. "Don't be embarrassed, my turn on reaction is worse," he says and I giggle a little. "I'm sorry, you've gone really red," he says. I move my hand to my face trying to cover my redness. He laughs and I feel him kiss my cheek. "Do you want me to shut up?" he asks in my ear. I nod and he laughs again and all I can feel is his breath on my ear and neck.

"What will happen if I open my eyes?" I ask.

"I'll stop and go sleep on the couch, or get my own room," he says and I press my lips together creating a pout. "Don't you feel more relaxed like this?" he asks.

"I don't know," I say and turn my head.

"Well let me know if you feel uncomfortable," he says and I feel him shift his weight and only his hand in mine and the hand that was on my thigh back on my stomach is the only contact.
###chapter 107
**Megan**

His hand moves, his fingers lightly touch my skin. His lips press against my shoulder and over my collar bone. His kisses move down my chest until I feel his lips close around my nipple. I bite my top lip and slowly release it. He pulls back and his hand moves down over my panties and down the inner part of my thighs.

I feel his lips back on my skin, they move from the middle of my chest to my other breast and then down my body.

"Megan," he says against my belly button.

"Yeah," I breathe. I feel his hand move to the hem of my panties.

"Can I touch you?" he asks.                           

"Yeah," is all I can say as I feel his fingers caressing just under my panty line. He moves his hand into my panties and slowly moves the strap of my underwear down a little at the side. His hand moves in a direction I didn't expect which is around my thigh to the side of it and he slowly caresses up and down the scars at my thigh. I move my hand to my thigh to stop him touching my scars. "Don't," I say moving his hand from me.

"It's ok," he says moving his hand back to my thigh. "Your scars don't bother me, you know that," he says and he kisses my knee.

"I know it's just..." I trail off and gulp down.

"These aren't self-inflicted," he says and I shake my head. He sighs against my knee and rests his head on my knee. "Ok," he says and his fingers slowly caress my scars. He takes his hand off my thigh and kisses up my leg. He kisses up my body and stops at my neck.

I feel his lips press on my lips as his hand moves down my stomach and at the hem of my panties. His hand moves inside my panties. I inhale deeply through my nose and he kisses me much faster, I move my hand up to his shoulder round to his neck and move my leg up a little as his hand moves more into my panties. I pull back little to catch my breath and then press my lips back to his.

Logan's fingers move over my sex and slowly caress my entrance. A finger slowly enters inside me. A moan vibrates from my lips to his. I pull away as I feel the finger move out and then over my sex once more and he repeats the action only this time moving two fingers inside me. His kisses move down my neck to my breasts. I moan again and move my hand through his hair and grip his hand tight with my other hand.

Having his hand in mine makes me feel safe, that he's with me the whole time and that it's him the Logan I know.

"Logan," I moan as his hand moves faster and his thumb massages on a certain part of my sex. I feel his lips on my breasts, his tongue swirling around my nipple. I moan again and he takes his hand out from my panties and pulls my panties down. I feel them move down my legs and him kiss down my body. I flick my tongue along my lips to moisten them and move my hand though his hair.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asks.

"No," I say and feel him kiss my stomach. I giggle a little as I feel him rub his cheek along my stomach. His stubble tickles. His hand moves to my thigh and he lifts my leg a little as he kisses my sex. "Ahhh," I groan and move my hand from his head to my hair. "Logan," I breathe as I feel his tongue on me and his stubble against my clit. His tongue swirls inside me and then out. He sucks on the nub of my clit and my whole body sinks into deep pleasure. The softness of his tongue is a big contrast to stubble skimming my six every time his mouth moves.

I haven't felt pleasure like this before. I always wondered what it would feel like for someone to kiss me down there. I wonder if it always feels this good, or he's just good.

I smile a little and bite my bottom lip as I feel my body become tense. My toes curl and I move my leg up a little resting my foot on his back. A moan escapes me as my back arches and I reach my climax. I move my hand down my body and grip my leg and tighten my grip on his hand.

"Megan," he says once he pulls away from me. "You can open your eyes now," I smile and open my eyes to look at him. He gives me a small grin and kisses my knee that it is next to his ear. "How are you feeling?" he asks. I smile and feel myself blush. I place my hands to my cheeks and I can feel how hot my face is. I feel him move and place my leg back on the bed. "I'll be back," he says and walks towards the living area. I sit up and look around for my underwear. I then feel something drop over my shoulders. I look to see Logan moving his shirt around me. I smile and move my arms into his shirt and then button the three middle buttons.

I look at him once I'm covered to see him stand and walk into the bathroom. I walk towards the living area and pick up the bottle of champagne left and pour a little into a glass and then sip it. I walk back to the bedroom and I see my panties on the floor. I pick them up and then place the glass on the bedside table and put on my panties

Logan returns with a towel in his hand. I give him a small smile and watch as he dries his hands. He kneels on the bed and drops the towel on the floor as he moves towards me and kisses me on the lips. I pull back and lay down on the bed. I then notice the bulge in his jeans. I chew the side of my mouth and watch him lay down at the side of me.

"Logan," I say turning on my side and resting my head on my hand. He looks at me and copies my position. I smile.

"Yes Megan?" he asks in camp voice probably trying to mimic me. I take a minute to contemplate my question and bite my lip.

"You're turned on," I state and he smirks.

"You can tell?" he asks.

"Yes, so do you want me to do anything to help?" I ask and he chuckles a little and lies on his back. He looks at me with a smile creasing his face.

"I'm ok, I can take care of it myself," I say and I sit up.

"But I want to," I say frowning; I'm a little offended that he doesn't want me to touch him.

"Urm, ok," he says and pulls his jeans off.

"Thank you," I say and he smiles a little and kicks off his jeans. He lies with his legs spread and his arms spread so he looks like a sat up star.

"Do what you want to me, just be gentle, I'm a delicate man," he says with his eyes closed and head tilted back with a grin on his face.

"Shut up," I say taking his arm and moving it down. "Will you take me seriously," I snap and he looks at me.

"Ok," he says and moves his arms around me and pulls me on top of him. I straddle his thighs and place my hands on his chest. "You're too cute sometimes," he says and I smile a little and move my hands down his abdomen over his very worked on six pack.

I look at his lap and tilt my head. It looks bigger than I expected but then again I don't know what I expected. I feel him move a hand to the back of my neck causing me to look at him. He leans in and kisses me, his tongue moving into my mouth. I slowly move my hand into his boxers and pull on them with my other hand to give me more access. I may seem calm right now but I'm nervous, I want to be able to pleasure him the way he pleasured me.
###chapter 108
Megan

Logan's hands move through my hair as I take his dick in my hand. I slowly move my hand up and down, moving my thumb over the tip every time I move my hand up. I move my hand out of his boxers and pull them down a little more. He breaks away from our kiss and moves his hand to the shirt I'm wearing. He unbuttons it a little and I look at him.

"Do you just want to get me naked again," I ask with a small smile. He smirks and kisses my cheek.

"I like looking and feeling your body," he says in my ear and he squeezes my boobs. I move my hand back to his dick and kiss his neck. I trace kisses up his neck a nibble on his ear lobe and then lick just under his ear. I like this. I'm the one in control of everything. I feel like I can stop whenever I want and I control how he feels. There's something about being on top that makes me feel powerful. I like it a lot.

I feel his hand move onto my hand and he guides my hand over his penis. I feel him squeeze my hand making me squeeze him gently and move my hand faster.

"Is that better?" I ask.

"Yeah," he says with his eyes closed. I smile and kiss his neck again. I move back on him a little. His hands move back up to my chest. I move my legs off him and kneel in between his legs. He looks at me and I lean in and kiss him. I move my hand from his manhood and I pull back from his kiss to look at him.

"I've never done this," I say and he frowns at me.

"Done what?" he asks confusion clear on his face. I smile a little and move down "You don't have to do that," he says as I take him into my mouth. I feel his legs go a little stiff and I pull back and move my hand around the base of his penis and move my mouth back down onto him.

It is the truth I've never done this before and right now I'm going on what I've read in cosmopolitan when I was like 15 that is if I can remember it all. What I do remember is not to bite or use teeth in general.

Licking up his shaft I suck on his tip and take him back into my mouth. I pull back and swirl my tongue around his tip and kiss down his penis. I start to move my hand over his penis again and then take him back into my mouth.

"Jesus," he breathes and then moves his hips toward my mouth "Megan I'll come if you carry this on," he says and I feel his hand move though my hair down to my back. I pull back and wipe my mouth a little and look at him. He looks like he's expecting me to say something and I don't know what. I just kiss his neck and massage him with my hand again.

I feel his hands move round to my chest and one move down to my panties. His hand moves inside my panties and press against the nub of my clit. A moan escapes my throat unexpectedly. His finger makes a circular motion making the pleasure more intense.

"Logan," I moan and squeeze the hair at the back of his head. He presses his lips to mine, his tongue sliding over mine. I can't help but moan in the kiss as his fingers continue their beautiful pleasure. I pull back and press my forehead to his, he moves his head a little and buries in my hair and neck. His fingers move further inside and move inside me, his thumb replacing the finger that teased the nub of my clit. I feel his breath on my neck as my hand wrapped around his c0ck matches the pace of his fingers.

"Megan," he says and the hand that was on my breast makes its way round my back and up into my hair. He pulls me away from him and kisses me again. I move up a little and move my hand down and up his chest to his jaw. He pulls away from the kiss "I'm gonna come," he says against my lips a presses his lips to mine. He pulls away and I wrap my arms around his neck and lay my head on his shoulder. I watch as my finger nails dig into his shoulder a little as I breathe in a moan and kiss his neck.

"Me too," I whisper and I can feel myself blush at my words. He kisses my shoulder as if to tell me that it's ok I feel this way.

Sliding my thumb over his tip I feel his mouth nibble at my neck, I give his tip a little squeeze and move my hand faster. His fingers stop moving in and out of me but his thumb continues its dance over my clit. I can't control the sound coming from my mouth as he moves his thumb faster. His body goes tense as I nibble on his ear.

I feel hotness on my stomach just as I orgasm. I can't help but clench his shoulder and say his name in his ear as I ride out my orgasm. He groans as his continues. He slowly moves his fingers out of me once I relax against his chest.

After a minute or so once our breathing has calmed, I move back a little and look down to see he had released on my stomach.

"I'm so sorry," he says and I look at him. He moves a little and then reaches down the side of the bed for the hand towel he was using to dry his hands earlier. He gently wipes my stomach clean, I hold my hand out to him and he smiles at me and wipes my hand clean. Once my hand is free I move off him as he cleans himself. I get off the bed and button up his shirt that I'm wearing. He looks at me and a smile creases his lips as I walk towards the bathroom. I feel him take my hand as I walk past him.

"What?" I ask. He pulls me down and kisses me.

"You ok?" he asks.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I say and give him a smile. I'm better than fine. I'm happy with myself, I'm happy that I was able to get past a barrier with him and allow myself to be pleasured. I walk into the bathroom and wash my hands. He may have wiped them but they felt a little sticky. I take a quick glance at myself in the mirror to see my cheeks are red and my lips are quite puffed up and pink. I then look back at my hands.

Once washed I dry them and then look properly in the mirror to see my hair a bit of a mess. My eyes widen as I notice a love bite on my neck.

"Logan," I call.

"Yes," I look to see he's stood at the doorway.

"Look at what you've done," I say turning to look at him. He tilts his head and smiles.

"What's the problem?" he asks. I sigh and walk towards him. "No one who shouldn't see it is going to see it, by the time we're back in America it will be gone," he says.

"True," I say and hug him.

"C'mon we should sleep," he says and picks me up and leads me back into the bedroom to the bed.

Logan pulls back the cover and lays me down on the bed. He climbs in and moves his arms around my waist. He pulls away and turns the lamp out. I turn in his arms do I'm not facing him, he's still quite warm which is surprising.

"Are you comfy?" he asks.

"Very," I say and move my arms around him.

"Were you serious when you said you've never gone down on a man before?" he asks.

"Yeah," I say. "Tyler and I never did that, one because I never felt comfortable doing that sort of thing more so when I caught him kissing Courtney and two he never tried to go down on me either," I say. "Benjamin tried to force me to but I told him I'd bite his dick off," he laughs and holds me tighter.

"Good on you," he says "what about Brendan and Carl?" he asks.

"I was drunk with Brendan all we've ever done is hand stuff and you knew about Carl?" I ask.

"Yeah, he told me you and him hooked up but that's it, he didn't go into detail which I was glad about but now I'm sort of curious,"

"It was the same as Brendan," I say and he kisses my cheek. "It was also the first time someone has kissed me down there,"

"I like that," he says and I laugh and move away from him to turn on the lamp at my side. I sit up and look at him.

"Are you serious?" I ask.

"Very," he says and pulls me by my hand to him and holds me tight to his chest so I'm on top of him.

"How many girls have you done that to?" I ask and he looks at me as if to say are you serious.

"I don't know, not as many as I've slept with, I mean if some girls look easy and cheap then no I don't bother, but I've never had anything related to oral sex," he says and I pull a look of disgust. "I once got crabs from Car. My eyes widen "I put on his boxers once by accident after having a foursome worst time of my life I think," he says and I move away from him a little. "Hey at least I'm openly admitting this to you," he says. "I wouldn't bother with any other girl," he says and I move off him and sit on the bed with my legs crossed while looking at him.

"Anything else?2 I ask.

"Chlamydia," he says "but I used to get tested for it like every two months as in an agreement with Aunt and Uncle, so I caught it early," he explains. I look down and he moves his hand on my hands.

"I get it," I say and look at him. "You were bound to have had something given your past, you don't have anything now do you," and he frowns at me.

"No why would you even ask that?" he asks.

"You did sleep with Courtney's sister like two weeks ago," I state. He sighs and rolls his eyes and looks away from me and I frown at him.

"We should go to sleep," he says laying down and turning on his side so his back is to me.

"Are you serious?" I ask. "You're actually going in a mood with me, you know that it's not something that just goes away, I'm sorry for bringing it up I was just asking, I didn't bring it up to argue with you," I say. I sigh and turn the light off to go to sleep. After a few minutes I feel his hands go around my waist and he kisses my shoulder.

"I'm sorry it's just something I want to forget about because I hate it," he says.

"I know," I say quietly and move my hands onto his.
###chapter 109
**Logan**

I feel Megan move in my arms. I rub at my eyes and move my hand over her hair. Her hair feels wet. I lean over her and turn the light on to see her crying and sweat beading at forehead.

"Megan," I say, shaking her awake. She shoots up with a scream. I hold her tightly to me and hush her quiet. "It's ok," I say and she starts to cry.

"He knows," she says.

"What?" I say.

"In my nightmare he was punishing me for what we've just done," she sobs. "He'll know," she cries. I shake my head and hold her and kiss her forehead.

"Listen to me," I say turning her to face me and cupping her head in my hands. "He knows nothing, it was a nightmare, it wasn't real, nothing is going to happen," I say wipe her tears with my thumb.

"He hurt you and he's going to that's what happened last time," she says and looks down. I sigh and kiss her forehead.

"Everything is going to be ok," I say as she cries into my shoulder. I don't even know what to say to her. All I can do is keep reminding her that it was a nightmare and not real but I know that it isn't enough and that it isn't helping her. "Do you want me to do anything?" I ask. She shakes her head and presses her body closer to mine. I lean back with her in my arms and wait patiently, kissing her head every few seconds and stroking her arm with my fingers trying my best to soothe her. I hate this, I hate feeling so useless and helpless. I know that there is one thing I can do which I have discussed with David but going through with it would be a big commitment.

\---

**Megan**

I stretch out in bed, I can't feel Logan anywhere in the bed so I had all the room in the world to fully stretch. My eyes flicker open and I'm blinded by the bright light of the sun beaming through the giant window. I turn away from the sight of the sun and see Logan stood staring down at me. I give him a small smile.

"Morning gorgeous," he says and I smile. I love his accent it's just beautiful to wake up to.

"Morning," I say and sit up. He sits down on the bed and kisses me on the lips. "How come you didn't wake me?" I ask and look at the clock at the side to see it's nearly eleven.

"I didn't want to, you looked too peaceful," he says and leans in to kiss me again. I smile and move my hand through his hair to feel it's damp. He takes me by the waist and moves me on top of him.

"I should get a shower," I say as he kisses down my neck.

"Can I join you?" he whispers in my ear and moves his hands down to my bum.

"No, you've already had a shower," I say and slowly move off him.

"I'll enjoy it more though with you," he says standing

"No because you don't seem to have showering in mind," I say and stand up. "Now be a good boy while I shower," I say walking into the ensuite bathroom. I start to dry my hair and then quickly put my make up on.

I walk out of the bedroom and see David and Logan look at me. I give them both a small smile. Logan looks like he's doing something wrong. David just stands and holds his hands behind him.

"Morning Miss Wright," he says with a small smile.

"Morning," I say with a small smile and sit down next to Logan.

"I shall see you for the airport later Sir," he says and walks out of our room. I look at Logan and lean back.

"What were you talking about? It seemed serious," I say

"It wasn't, it was just about the flights back, are you going to wear those nude heels I bought you?" he asks.

"I was going to wear the black flats why?" I ask.

"I love it when you wear heels," he says with a small smile. "I like heels on a woman,"

"I'll go get them and then you can tell me how they look," I say walking into the bedroom to get them. I put them on and walk out to show Logan. He smiles at me and then pulls me by my hand towards him.

"Yep I knew you'd look good in them," he says and I smile a little and move my hand to my stomach. "Hungry?" he asks and I nod.

"So am I," he says and takes my hand in his. I reach for my blazer on the arm of the sofa and take it with me as we leave the hotel room. "How do the heels feel?" he asks.

"They're comfier than I expected," I say and look down at my feet as we walk down the large corridor to the elevator. He moves his hand out of my hand to the small of my back.

"That's good," he says and looks at me with a small smile on his face. I frown a little at him and run a hand through my hair. "How are you feeling today?" he asks as we stop at the elevator.

"I'm ok," I say and the doors to the elevator open. He walks in and so do I, he presses the ground floor button and then turns to me and moves his hands around my waist.

"I'm asking because of your nightmare this morning," he says and I look down.

"I'm fine honest, I realise it was a nightmare," I say and he nods and presses his lips to mine. I smile and wrap my arms around his neck.

"It made me think though, that maybe I rushed you a little bit,"

"No," I say as soon as those words left his lips. "I wanted to do everything that we did last night, you know that," I say.

"Hmm true," he says with a small smile and kisses me and then down my neck. "I really like your outfit today, these jeans are nice,"

"You did pick them," I say with a small laugh and move my hand through his hair as the elevator doors open. "I have brilliant taste then," he says in my ear as his hands move to my bum.I giggle and look at the couple that is walking into the elevator and my eyes widen at who it is. I move Logan's hands from around me and turn his head to make him see who it is.

Stood in front of us is the headmistress from school with her husband. THey walk in and stand next to Logan, I move away from him as far as I can and take a deep breath to calm myself down. This is the worst thing in the world to happen. I look towards Logan to see he looks relatively calm. I feel him take my hand but I move my hand away from him. Awkward did not describe this situation enough, I don't think my heart has pounded so much against my ribcage in a long time.
###chapter 110
**Megan**

"Mr Peters," she says, breaking the silence as she looks through her purse.

"Logan please," he says and his voice doesn't seem nervous. She looks at him and smiles a little.

"Are you going down to the restaurant?" she asks.

"Yes we're going to get brunch," he says casually.

I look towards the numbers above the door and watch as the light moves down the floors. I cannot be in here any longer, I can feel myself panicking. Logan is going to lose everything because of me, because of my selfish actions, I should not be with him. I should be with someone who is my age and not someone like Logan. Him being with me will ruin his life. I wrap my arms around myself as I feel my thoughts become even more negative.

"Megan," I hear Logan say and I have a feeling he's said my name more than once. I look at him and he gives me a small smile. I look towards the doors to see them open. His hand moves the small of my back and he ushers me out. "Calm down," he says.

"We should leave," I say.

"No don't worry, we'll sort this ok," he says and I look at him as we walk towards the restaurant

"But," I say and he cuts me off.

"We're going to be having brunch with them, she offered as she wants to talk," he explains "just calm down and we'll get through this ok," he says and I walk with him into the restaurant. We walk up to the que and Logan leans to the maitre d' and tells him that the couple in front of us are with us. The maitre d' nods and leads all four of us to a booth table making us jump the queue of waiting customers.

"We've been waiting for you sir, is this table good enough?" he asks Logan. Logan nods and sits down. I sit next to him, the booth is rounded. I watch as my headteacher and her husband slide in at the opposite side. "Is there any drink I can get sent for you?" he asks.

"A water for me please," Logan says and then the maitre d' looks at me.

"Same please,"I say and he turns his attention to my headmistress.

"Actually," Logan says before they can answer them. "I'll also have a whisky," he says and the maitre d' raises an eyebrow "long day ahead," he states and the maitre d' smiles.

"Right away sir," he says and turns back to my head teacher to get their drink order. I lean over to Logan and whisper in his ear.

"It's not even 1pm yet,"

"Maybe not but I need something to calm my nerves," he says and I frown while looking at him.

"You could have got me one too," I say and he laughs and moves an arm around me and gets comfy.

"How come you are treated as a priority here?" My headmaster asks.

"My company owns this place," he says and she raises an eyebrow "so shall we talk about what you just saw?" he asks as a female waiter walks over with our drinks. She places them down and as she places Logans down he takes it and downs it."Another one please," he says and she nods and takes his empty glass away."I feel much better now," he says and I sigh and look away.

"What did I see?" she asks. He sighs and looks towards me.

"I can quit if you want or if you want buy your silence," he says and I look at him.

"Logan will you be serious, you're as bad as Carl," I snap at him and look away from him. "It's obvious what you saw, just tell us what you're going to do about it," I say and look down, "if you want us to break up we will so just tell us," I say.

"Will we?" Logan asks.

"Yes," I snap at him and he just looks down with a frown and the waitress returns with Logan's second drink.

"I don't want you to break up," she says and I look up at her "he was my headmaster," she says pointing to her husband and he just smiles and looks through the menu. "Professionally I should report what I've seen but then I'd probably be destroying something that could last, luckily we never got caught and well what you do in your spare time has nothing to do with me," she explains and I just look at her dumbfounded.

"Are you serious?" Logan asks.

"Very, we will discuss this more when we return to school but for now I would like to enjoy my anniversary," she says looking at her husband who clearly was older than her. "I think you should probably be a bit more careful, I had an idea that you both had gotten together you'll both be fine as long as I don't get anyone telling me 'I've seen Mr Peters and Megan doing it in his office,' because then I have to do something,"

"We haven't had sex," Logan says.

"Yeah he's the frigid one," I say and her husband laughs and Logan looks at me.

"That's one way to break the ice," she says with a laugh.

"Can we order food now?" her husband asks.

"Yes," Logan says and looks through the menu.

\---

This whole meal has gone quite well, there was no awkward silences once the food came. My headmistress had told us how she met her husband and how they had hidden their relationship within a boarding school. She had also told us that the trip to paris was a surprise from her husband for their anniversary.

Logan seemed to have relaxed instantly after having some food. He even ordered some champagne, his excuse being because he can afford it.

"Sir," I hear David say. Logan looks at him "I'm sorry to interrupt but we really should be setting off," he says. Logan sighs and looks at his watch. "I'm sorry sir,"

"It's not your fault, I have to go back to work at some point," Logan sighs and takes his wallet out to pay for the meal. He turns to the headmistress "Have a wonderful anniversary, I've had David here set up a tab for you so you don't have to spend any more money in this hotel, it's all on me,"

"You don't have to do that," she says to him.

"If I don't my money will just be sat in my account doing nothing it seems a waste," he says and I stand and smile at him.

"Show off," I say and finish off my glass of champagne. He smiles and moves his arm around my waist. "Cya soon," I say to them with a small smile and a wave. "Enjoy your anniversary," I say and they nod with a small smile.

"Where are your shoes from they are gorgeous?" My headmistress asks and I look down to my shoes as she's looking down at them.

"Logan got them I think they're from Christian Louboutin," I say and look at him and he nods. "He went and bought them while I was in Gucci," I say and she smiles a little.

"Why can't you buy me designer stuff?" she asks her husband and he rolls his eyes.

"Because I didn't just buy you a mulberry bag," he says and I smile and look at Logan.

"I only got her them because I love her in heels," he says and I punch his arm. "It's true, they were for my own satisfaction only," he says and looks at them. "I get more satisfaction when she walks in front of me," he says.

"Shut up," I snap and they laugh. "Look David is waiting for us," I say and he sighs pushes me forward a little to make me walk and I do. I look behind me to see him looking at me, he smiles and says something to them. "Logan," I say stopping. I watch him sigh and walks over to me. He puts his hand in mine and we walk out of the restaurant together to see David stood waiting.

"I have already packed your things together sir," he says and Logan nods and follows him out of the hotel. As we leave we're told by the hotel staff that it was a happy opportunity to see us and that they wish to see us again.
###chapter 111
  
**Megan**

Logan moves his arm around my waist as we walk into his manor. Carl walks into the foyer with a plateful of food. He stops and sighs while turning and walking back into the dining room. I look at Logan with a frown.

"Give him a minute," he says and as he says it Carl walks back out empty handed and smiles at us. He walks over to me and Logan and holds his hands out to Logan.

"Where's my present?" he asks and Logan looks down at his hands.

"I didn't get you anything,"

"What?? you bought her new heels but not me," he says.

"You want some Christian Louboutins?" he ask and he tilts his head.

"No I've already tried shit like that, heels hurt," he says frowning "but you could have got me something," he groans as Logan moves past him while pulling me with him. "We're throwing a party tonight," he says making Logan stop. He turns to look at him, "I sort of told a few people we were here and well one thing led to another last night and I agreed to throw a party," he explains.

"Well seen as you agreed, you help the staff clean up in the morning," Logan says and Carl sighs deeply.

"Fine," he huffs and walk back towards the living area.

Logan leads me into the bedroom and lets go of my hand as he walks towards the bed and lays down. I sit down at the edge and slip my heels off. I looks towards him to see his eyes are closed and his lips parted slightly. I smile a little and move my hand through his hair and he opens his eyes to look at me.

"Why are you so tired?" I ask.

"I'm not, I just have a feeling my uncle will visit soon to put me in meeting after meeting and I don't want to do it," he says. I smile move onto the bed a little more and move my legs up.

"Just tell him to piss off," I say and he looks at me.

"I can only tell him so many times. It might be tomorrow though as he wasn't here when we returned," he explains.

"So we can party tonight?" I ask.

"If you want, but I'll need to tell you something before the party starts," he says and just as he sits up Yasmin and Melanie walk into our room. I look towards them and smile.

"How was Paris?" Yasmin asks.

"It was fun," I say looking at Logan, he smiles and moves his hand into mine. "I saw the Eiffel tower, and we did a lot of shopping," I say and look towards them. "We just had a look around you all know I'm not big on sight seeing," I pause "but it was fun, oh we went to an art museum also" I add and they smile. "Where's Julie?" I ask

"She's very hungover," Melanie says "like can't move hungover,"

"How did she get like that?" Logan asks frowning.

"Carl took us out and well Julie likes to party,"

"I better go make sure she's ok," Logan says getting up and I frown at him.

"I'm in charge of you all last thing I want is one of you having alcohol poisoning," he says standing and walks out of the room to check on Julie.

Once Logan shuts the door behind himself Yasmin smiles and looks at Melanie and nods towards me. Melanie frowns and looks at me and her eyebrows raise. I frown at them both and look down on myself and then back at them.

"What?" I ask. They smile and move closer to me.

"So Paris was fun," Yasmin says grinning.

"Yeah that's what I said," I say getting up off the bed to go get change. "I'll be one minute," I say walking into the walk in wardrobe. I pull off my jeans and top to then pull on some bottoms and a tank top.

"Did you do anything last night?" Yasmin asks as I walk out.

"We had a meal and then went to sleep," I say frowning at them.

"That's it?" she asks and I feel myself blush a little and I quickly tried to hide it as I walk towards the vanity table and mirror to tie my hair up.

"Yes," I say and she and Melanie laugh a little.

"That's not what that love bite says on your neck," she says and my eyes widen as my eyes land on my own neck in the mirror.

"We made out a bit," I say and Yasmin sighs.

"C'mon you two must have done something, you go to one of the most romantic places in the world and you're telling me all you did was share a few kisses," she groans in annoyance at me. I sigh and turn on my seat to look at them.

"If it helps I saw him naked," I say and hers and Melanie's jaws drop, "and he saw me naked," I add and somehow I don't know how their mouths became wider. They stay sat there in total shock and silence. I turn and brush my hair as I wait for them to process the information they have received. Just as I finish tying my hair up Logan walks in. I look at the two of them to see their eyes turn to Logan.

"What's wrong with them?" he asks walking toward me and giving me a quick kiss. I shrug and he smiles "I checked on Julie, she seems alright apparently she can't face food nor light so I don't think she'll be joining us tonight," he explains.

"At least she's alive," I say and he laughs.

"Which is a triumph from what I've heard, she tried to have a drinking competition with Carl, that is just idiotic," he says and I smile. He turns to look at Yasmin and Melanie. "What is wrong with you two?" They're mouths close and Yasmin composes herself.

"You need to leave," Yasmin says sternly to him and he frowns at me. "Now,"

"Why?" he asks.

"Because we're going to discuss your naked body, now leave," she says truthfully and my mouth opens a little at her. Logan looks towards me and I feel myself blush. I look away from him and I hear him chuckle to himself as he walks out of the room shutting the door behind him.

"Tell us everything right now," Yasmin say.

"Yes everything," Melanie repeats and I roll my eyes at them.

\---

**Logan**

I walk into the living room to see David stood talking to Carl. I sit down next to Carl and look at my nails as I wait for them to finish discussing whatever it is they're discussing. I like the fact Megan is talking to Yasmin and Melanie about me, it makes me feel like she's very comfortable with what we did. When she had that nightmare I automatically thought she regretted it or isn't comfortable with it and I wouldn't be able to cope with that. I don't ever want to do something with her that she feels really uncomfortable with. I know that I have to bring her out of her comfort zone sometimes but I did not want her to be so uncomfortable that she would have the kind of nightmare she had.

"Logan," Carl says. I look up from my nails to him.

"I need to cut my nails," I say and he frowns at me.

"David just told me what you're planning," he states. I look at David and then at Carl "I'm ok with it but it's been a long time since I was violent to the degree you are planning," he states.

"But don't you think you'd enjoy it, I know I would," I say and he laughs. David looks at me and smiles a little.

"I have chosen the men to do the job it's just finding the right location," David says.

"Good, something underground might be best or something abandoned," I say and he nods.

"I will do some research and let you know," he says and turns to walk out.

"Are you sure about this?" Carl asks and I nod.

"Something needs to be done," I say and he just looks away and starts to finish what I'm guess is his breakfast.

"Get any further than a kiss this time," he asks now looking at me.

"Like I'm going to tell you,"

"Aww come on I haven't been laid in hours," he groans. "The fact you haven't said no tells me you got a bit further," I shake my head at him and he huffs. "I always tell you about my conquests," he says like a child.

"I don't ask you to, I would prefer it if you didn't," I say and reach for the slice of toast hanging on the edge of his plate.

"You know I will continue to ask you until you tell me, that's the only camp thing about me I love a good gossip,"

"Yeah because that's the only camp thing," I say rolling my eyes and he gives me fake shock. I stand up and head to walk out of the room.

"Tell me," he begs.

"No,"

"I have ways of making you talk,"

"I doubt it," I counter and walk out of the room towards the gym.
###chapter 112
**Megan**

"So it's big then?" Julie asks, looking at me. She had come rushing into my room after Logan left. Apparently she found it super sweet of him to come and see if she's ok. She had walked in on me telling Yasmin and Melanie that we did go further than a kiss and, Julie being Julie, she demanded details. I could get away without telling them the details if Julie wasn't here.

"Bigger than I expected," I say quietly and Yasmin laughs.

"You mean because it's bigger than Tylers," Julie says and I roll my eyes as they all start laughing.

"Yeah I guess," I say with a slight giggle and they just laugh at me.

"Aww you've gone all red," Yasmin says and I just look away from them.

"Do you think you'll both have sex now?" Melanie asks and I shrug and play with a piece of thread that has come loose from the bottom of my jeans. "Do you want to?" Melanie asks.

"I don't know, he's already told me that we wouldn't be having sex anyway until I've left school," I explain and they nod in understanding.

"That's a long time," Yasmin says and I nod. I know that is a long time and I already have a feeling that I'd be ready for sex soon, just because of how much Logan makes me feel. I trust him and I know it won't be long until I trust him completely with my body. "Do you think you'll both last that long?" she asks and I frown at her "I'm asking because it will be difficult for him and yourself to not want to take things further," Yasmin explains.

"Plus he's cheated on you once already so there's not much hope," Melanie says and Yasmin looks at her, her jaw opening wide. "What?" Melanie asks.

"You can't say that," she explains.

"She's right," I say quietly and look away from them "I have thought that will happen again and I don't know I feel that if he does do it again I don't want to know, I'd rather not know," I say and Yasmin and Melanie both frown at me. "I don't think I'll be able to handle news like that again," I inform and stand up. "C'mon this conversation is depressing," I say and start walking out of my room.

**Logan**

"Dump her," My uncle snaps at me as I carry on running on the treadmill. I look away from him "I don't understand how you cannot see that this is the best thing to do," he states. He reaches over to the treadmill and presses the button to make it faster. I look at him and he smiles "The longer you ignore me the faster this will go," he states. I just look straight ahead out of the floor to ceiling windows. 

The speed gets faster and I run as fast as I can, I try not to concentrate on how fast I'm going as long as I keep going. What he needs to understand is that I can't dump her not after what we've been through and with how much I love her. He's wrong to say that our relationship won't work because of my past and because of hers. Just because they need me here next year doesn't mean I can't be with her, I have the money to be with her, I can travel back and forth to America every weekend, when she has holidays at school she can come here to see me, we can make long distance work.

THe treadmill is going too fast for me to keep up, I reach for the emergency stop magnet and pull on the string attached to it to make it stop. I move off the treadmill and reach for my towel as I try to get my breath back.

"We can do long distance," I say and he laughs.

"Yeah because she trusts you that much," he says and I just glare at him.

"Just leave it alone, she and I are together and we're staying together, I will not go back to my old ways and we're not bad for each other," I pause and wipe my face with the towel "yes we have our own problems but that does not mean we aren't ready fro each other," I explain.

"Fine how about this you have 24 hours or I expose to her just how evil you can be, then we'll see how much she wants to be with you," he retorts and starts to walk away from me.

"How can you," I bristle.

"I have the police reports that never went official and well the pictures of all the people you have nearly killed, all with your own hands," he explains "the girl really needs to know that the man she's planning on spending her life with is more violent than her own father," he states and that statement hits me like a ton of bricks.

My body feels heavy as his statement lingers in my mind. I can't have him tell her, she'll never speak to me again, she'll be scared of me and I cannot risk that.

**Megan**

"Logan," I call as I walk towards the gym. He has been in here for hours. Everyone is getting ready for the party that is been thrown. I walk into the gym to see him punching a punching bag. I stand watching him for a few seconds before I decide to interrupt him. It's then I see that he has earphones in. "Logan," I say loudly and he stops and looks at me. He gives me a small smile and takes out his earphones. "Everyone is getting ready for the party tonight, don't you think you should start?" I ask.

"Yeah sure, I'll be up in a minute, I'm just letting out some frustration," he says and puts his earphones back in. I could watch him work out all day, he is quite the image.

It is no wonder he attracts so many women every time he's out, his sapphire blue eyes look so gentle and soft and his contrasting dark hair is a silk dark brown. I wonder if what we plan to do is going to work out. He must be sexually frustrated already afterall he was a massive player and he has slept with lots of women. I do have the fear that I am not enough for him even if we were sleeping together, I don't truly believe that I am enough and I know that is more my own problem than his. Yes he cheated on me but what did I expect after I did tell him it was ok to sleep around. My own insecurities did this, I am as much to blame as he is.

Walking out of the gym I bump into David, He gives me a small smile and walks past me into the gym shutting the door behind him. I frown a little their chats seem to be very secret. I shrug it off and walk back up to my room to get ready.

I decide on some simple navy washed skinny jeans and a tight vest top. I feel a little confident in wearing this, maybe it's because I know that the people that are coming don't know me, they don't know what I've been through. That gives me some comfort as it means they won't be looking for any signs of harm like the people at school do.

The door opens and I look to see Logan, I give him a small smile. He looks me up and down and then walks towards me and kisses me hard on the lips. I smile a little and move my hands to his shoulders. He's all sweaty but I don't mind it, he doesn't smell funky so it's all good. I pull away from him and look him in the eyes.

"Is everything ok?" I ask.

"Yeah, you just look hot so I had to kiss you," he answers, I smile and move onto my tip toes to kiss him. His hands snake around my waist and he presses himself to my body. He seems a little off, it's almost like he's holding onto me for dear life. I pull away again.

"Go get a shower," I say moving back onto my feet. "You don't have long and we can't stay up here they'll think we're being naughty," I grin.

"I don't care," he replies and leans in to kiss me. I turn my head giving him the cheek.

"Go get showered," I say giving him my sternest of looks. He smiles and takes his hands from around me to walk into the bathroom. I smile to myself and start on my hair, I decide on putting waves in it with the flat irons.

Logan doesn't take long in the shower. He's out after ten minutes and now he's nearly dressed. He's sat on the edge of the bed fiddling with his phone. I put down the flat irons and look at myself in the mirror, my hair was good enough. I turn them off and then turn to him only to see he's deep in thought.

"Are you ok?" I ask while walking towards him. I stand in front of him and he looks up at me.

"I need to talk to you," he says and I frown at him. The last time he needed to talk to me was to tell me he had cheated.

"I don't want to know," I say and I can feel my eyes welling with water, "I don't want to know this time, in fact I don't want to know any other times, if you're going to cheat just keep it to yourself, I can't go through that again," I say and move my hands out of his.

"What? No it's not that," he hastens to say, standing up.

"Then what is it because every time you start a conversation like that you tell me something bad and I don't want to know," I say and I can feel myself on the verge of bursting into tears. I step away from him and try to blink back the tears. He looks down at the floor and moves his hand in his jeans pocket.

"This is for the best," he says looking at me and my frown deepens. He takes a deep breath and looks away from me. "I think we should break up."
###chapter 113
**Megan**

My eyes widen and I feel my mouth go dry and that ache that comes at the bottom of your throat when you're about to cry and you try to stop yourself. I heard what he just said but I don't know if I believe it. Why does he think that? What have I done? I thought we were doing good. What's happened? Is it because of last night, did I do everything wrong? Have I become unappealing to him? He saw me naked, that will be the reason, he hates the sight of my body that's why. We were fine before he went in the shower. I don't understand.

"I don't understand," I say and I can't hear my own voice over the thud of my heartbeat in my ears. "Why?" I stutter. I try to gulp down the ache but it just makes it worse. "What have I done?" I ask.

"It's for the best," he says, still not looking at me. Why won't he look at me?

"What do you mean?" I ask and I can feel myself getting angry at him.

"Too many people know about us and it's just for the best," he says and finally looks at me.

"No, I'm not accepting that," I say and I can feel my tears break through. He stands up and reaches towards me.

"Don't cry, please don't cry," he says.

"Don't cry, how can I not, I don't understand this, we were fine ten minutes ago and now you're telling me you want to break up, why are you saying this?" I ask stepping away from him.

"Megan we have to break up, we're not right for each other, I'm not right for you and well it's just not working out," he says

"How?" I ask.

"Well look at us, we can't even be together in the long run because of the fact I'm your teacher, I've cheated on you once already and...and," he looks at me and takes a deep breath "we can't exactly be intimate so it's obviously not a right time for you,"

"This is about sex," I state.

"No," he sighs deeply and sits back onto the bed moving his head into his hands,"I'm sorry," he says. I walk to the wall and sit down moving my legs to my chest.

"Don't do this Logan," I say looking at him. He looks at me and and then looks away.

"Megan, just accept it," he snaps, and stands up. "I've told you the reasons, why are you being so difficult,"

"Because, I think it's bullshit," I say now standing up.

"It's not, I just think it's better if we stop this relationship and go back to being friends," he explains.

"We've never been friends," I say folding my arms across my chest.

"Yeah we were," he argues and his face turns into a frown.

"Oh do you make out with all your friends?" I ask sarcastically. "Because if that is so, even then we were never friends, if so, I was just a toy for you to play with", I add to rile him up.

"Fine, we can be friends," he says and walks towards me.

"Oh thanks give me the 'lets just be friends' speech, is that really what I deserve?" I ask. He moves his hands to my arms and strokes up and down my arm.

"Don't be like that," he says looking at me. I frown at him and shrug his hands off me.

"Fine lets be friends, lets see how much you like us being 'friends' shall we," I snap and walk off to the wardrobe. He wants to be friends with me then fine. Let' see how long he can act like a friend.

"What are you doing?" he asks following me.

"Packing my things, I don't want to stay here anymore, I'll phone my grandfather and get him to book me a flight," I say.

"Why?" he asks.

"Because we only came here to sort out our relationship but now we've broken up there's no point in me staying here, so I want to go home and move out of the house before you come back," I explain.

"Why? You don't have to do that,"

"Yes I do, I don't want to be anywhere near you, you want to break up with me and I want nothing to do with you," I say taking my suitcase and opening it up.

"Megan, please stay," he pleads.

"Why?" I ask him now looking at him. I can't stop myself from crying.

"Please don't cry," he says moving a piece of hair from my face and tucking it behind my ear. His thumb strokes my cheek and he pulls me close to him. "I'm sorry," he says "I just know it's for the best," he says.

"No it's not," I cry "you're breaking my heart for no reason," I sob. He hugs me tightly as I cry into his bare chest.

"Don't say that," he says moving my head so I face him. He wipes my cheeks with his thumbs and leans in to kiss me. I slowly kiss him back and wrap my arms around his neck. He lifts me and presses me against the full length mirror. This kiss is so confusing, he's telling me he wants to break up with me , yet he's kissing me like he always does. I pull away from him as he slowly lowers me back to my feet. His hands move up to my face and move round my neck. "I'm sorry," he says quietly and presses his lips to my forehead. I bite my top lip and close my eyes. Is this it? We're actually breaking up and his actual reason behind it is, 'it's for the best' I don't think I can accept that.

"Don't," I say as he goes to move his hand from me. I look up at him to see his reaction and he almost looks upset. He pulls his hands out from under mine.

"If you speak to David he'll organise the flights for you," he says.

"No Logan please," I beg following him out of the wardrobe. I get in front of him "please don't do this," I beg.

"David will also pick up my things from this room tonight," he says not really looking at me.

"Logan please, whatever I've done I'm sorry, please, I love you please just don't go through with this," I cry. I need him in my life, he is the only person stopping me from topping myself, the only person I will ever trust again and without him I'm gone. He looks at me now and then away. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes as if he's calming himself. Is he angry with me? "I need you," I say quietly. He shakes his head.

"I've made up my mind, I don't want you anymore," he says and walks around me to open the door and walk out slamming it behind him.

**Logan**

As soon as  Megan said those words I nearly broke, I had to do it. What else could I have done? Telling her what my uncle has said wasn't going to change anything we'd break up at the end of the year regardless. I'll be moving back here. She will have to stay in America and finish high school and she'd most likely move on.

"What's going on?" I hear Carl say. I look at him and I see him stood with Yasmin.

"We've broken up," I say and walk off to my room and shut the door behind me. I take out my phone and start to call my uncle. He answers after a few rings.

"Why are you calling me I'm downstairs?" he asks.

"We've broke up," I say and put the phone down on him.

**Carl**

"I don't understand," Yasmin says as she comforts Megan. I don't think I understand either, he loves her he'd only do something like this if she was going to get hurt but even then it would take a big threat. "Did he give you a reason?" Yasmin asks.

"He just said it's for the best," Megan says and stands up.

"Where you going?" Yasmin asks.

"I'm going to finish packing, there's no point staying here now," she says and walks off into the walk in wardrobe. Yasmin looks at me and I shrug.

"Do you get it?" she asks me. I shake my head "It's for the best,' that's a weird reason, for the best in what way?" she asks.

"I don't know Yasmin," I say "I'll go see," I add and walk out of Logan's room shutting the door behind me. I walk towards the guestroom Logan had walked into. I slowly open the door to see Logan sat on the bed playing with something in his hands.

"Come to have a go at me?" he asks now turning to look at me.

"No, I came to ask 'why?'" I say. He look away from me and I walk towards him. Max comes running in most likely from a walk, I know that David likes to walk him a lot. He runs to Logan and he starts to pet him.

"Because she would have broken up with me," he says and places what he was playing with on the bedside table. I sit on the bed next to him but facing him.

"Why would she?" I ask.

"My uncle has promised to tell her everything and well I have to move back here this christmas," he states.

"That bastard, why didn't you tell me any of this," I snap at him.

"What difference would it make," he argues back. "I'd still have to leave and he'd still tell her so she'd either leave me or I hurt her later on which do you think's better," he pauses "it wasn't easy," he adds and looks away.

"I can tell," I say and lean forward to stroke Max.

"What is she doing?"

"Packing, she doesn't see the point in staying," I say and he sighs.

"As I thought, well I'm going out," he says standing up and reaching to the bedside table. "Give this to my uncle," he says and holding a small resealable bag out to me. I frown as I take it to look at it more to see remnants of brown powder. Fear raises through me, if he's planning what I think he's planning it's not good. I walk out after him , I get to the top of the stairs to see him walk past his uncle slamming the door shut behind me.

"Where he going?" his uncle asks.

"Where do you think," I snap and shoving the empty resealable bag in his chest. "You're a fuckwit, you have no idea what you have caused," I snap at him and walk out after Logan. I have to stay with him otherwise he'll be out of control.
###chapter 114
\*\*Megan\*\*

  

It has been over an hour since I heard Logan leave the house. Everyone but Yasmin had left as, I didn't want her to leave. Melanie seemed a little happy about the fact Logan and I just broke up and I cannot deal with that.

  

"I got us hot chocolate," she says, handing me a mug of hot chocolate with cream. I smile and take it. "Shall we watch a movie, I think Jon Tucker Must Die is very appropriate at the moment," she says trying to make a joke. I just sigh and look down at my drink. "Ok how about Kill Bill" she says and I shake my head.

  

"I told him I love him," I say quietly and her eyebrows raise "and he just didn't care,"

  

"Do you love him?" she asks.

  

"I don't know, I told him because I know that he wants to hear that from me," I pause "he believes in love and I thought it would get him to stay," I say.

  

"It's going to be ok," she says.

  

"How? I don't even know what I did wrong," I snap at her and get up off the bed. "Everything was fine and he leaves me for like an hour and suddenly he wants to break up," I say and I feel fresh tears fill my eyes. "i feel like he used me,"

  

"No, he didn't, theres something more to this, there has to be," she says standing in front of me.

  

"No there isn't," I pause and sit back on the bed "Benjamin was right," I mumble. "You should leave I want to be alone,"

  

"I don't really feel comfortable leaving you alone," she says nervously.

  

"I'm not going to top myself, I'll probably just try to sleep," I say and pull my covers back.

  

"Don't you think you should have something to eat?" she asks.

  

"No, I'm ok," I say and climb into bed.

  

"Ok," Yasmin says and reluctantly leaves the room. I take a deep breath and reach for my phone. My psychologist told me that I can contact her at anytime and to especially do it if I feel like self harming and after speaking to her if I still felt self harming then to do so. I decide to video chatting her through Skype. After a few rings she answers and a blonde make up free face appears on my phone screen.  She smiles at me and puts on some black glasses that reflect her screen back to me.

  

"Hey," she says giving me a quick wave. "Sorry with how I'm dressed, I had nothing to do today so pyjama day," she says with a grin and I give her a small smile. "Oh what's happened, you've been crying," she states and I wipe my eyes and sit up straight. "Megan," she says as I don't answer her. I feel myself slowly start to cry. "Ok take as long as you want," she says. "Where's your laptop?" she asks.

  

"Urm," I cleared my throat "I didn't bring it," I say wiping my eyes "I think there's an Ipad somewhere," I say getting up.

  

"Okay find it and we'll talk on that, it'll be easier," she says. I nod and end the call.

  

Ten minutes later I sit crossed legged on the bed and the Ipad is stood up in front of me so she can see my whole body. I notice that she's changed rooms.

  

"What has happened?" she asks. I start to play with the hem of my sock and try to calm my nerves. It seems saying the words out loud is hard. I can't even bring myself to say them. "Is it about Logan?" she asks. I nod and start to cry. "Take your time," she states.

  

"God I can't stop crying," I say angrily and forcefully wipe my tears

  

"It's ok," she says

  

"No it's not, I feel so pathetic for crying over this," I snap "It's not like I love him," I growl and put my head in my hands. "We broke up," I mumble and I know she didn't hear me.

  

"Megan take a deep breath and hold it for a few seconds before letting it out," she says and I do as she says. "Whatever it is we can talk through it and you will see that you can work through it," she says. "OK?" she asks and I nod.

  

"Yeah," I say and look at her to see her waiting patiently for me. "Logan broke up with me," I say and I can see the surprise on her face that she quickly hides.

  

"Why?" she asks.

  

"He said it was 'for the best,' whatever the fuck that means," I say angrily.

  

"Ok and what happened?"

  

"He told me we're not good for each other and then he told me not to cry can you believe that?" I ask and I'm not even bothered about her answer "and then I told him I was leaving and then he kissed me and said sorry and left telling my he didn't want me anymore," I cry.

  

"Ok," she breathes, "have you self harmed?" she asks. I shake my head "Are you thinking about it?" she asks.

  

"No, I'm thinking I don't want to be here," I say and look down at my feet. "What's the point? He's the only person I trust and he's just thrown it in my face, it's like everything Benjamin told me has become true, I was stupid to think Logan would want me after he had seen my body," I sob.

  

"What do you mean?" she asks.

  

"Last night we were in Paris and things escalated," I say.

  

"Did you have sex?" she asks.

  

"No," I say and she writes on a pad in front of her.

  

"Had you been drinking?"

  

"We had a few glasses of wine,"

  

"Both of you or just you?"

  

"Both, I wanted to do what we did, even if I did punch him before hand," I explain and she gives me a small smile.

  

"And how do you feel about last night now?" she enquires

  

"Like I was used, by what he said he used me, that even came up in our argument, he said that I can't be intimate is also a reason," I explain and she takes a deep breath.

  

"How else do you feel?" she asks.

  

"I just feel empty, why would he do this to me? Why has he decided to hurt me like this? I just don't understand how I deserve any of this. What did I do wrong?" I ask her.

  

"No Megan, you did nothing wrong, where are your friends? You're there with friends aren't you?" she asks.

  

"I told them to leave, I just can't do this," I say and lean forward to pick up the Ipad.

  

"Megan, don't end the call, we'll talk this through," she states.

  

"What's the point? I'm not good enough for anyone anymore all thanks to one person. So there's no point in this. I should just make everyone happy," I say and end the call. I toss it back on the bed and get up and I hear her call me back. I ignore it and walk out of the room.
###chapter 115
\*\*Logan\*\*

  

Carl watches me as I finish off the bottle of vodka in my hand. I had told him over and over to go back as him being here isn't going to change anything. He knows that I will drink and take what I want until I pass out. A part of me is hoping that when I return tomorrow morning she has gone on the flight home. The other part of me hopes to hell she hasn't gone, that she is still back at the mansion so that if needed I can save our relationship. I only need to think of a way to get my uncle off my back so that I can redeem my relationship with Megan.

  

"Logan don't you think you've had enough?" Carl says moving up to me as I order another large bottle from the bartender. We were in one of the many clubs I own.

  

"No but I do think I need a piss," I say grabbing the bottle and walk off towards the mens toilets. I step inside and muffled music and voices now fill my ears. My left leg starts to vibrate. I frown and step back a little and reach in my pocket to take out my phone. Carl walks in behind me and takes the bottle out of my hand. I'm not too bothered by that as I am at the number blinking on my phone.

  

"Hello?" I answer and stagger towards one of the cubicles.

  

"Hi is this Logan?" as woman asks.

  

"Yeah, who is this?" I slur.

  

"Catherine, Megan's psychologist, I'm sorry to bother you but I'm really worried she will hurt herself or has by now seen as I've been trying to get in contact with you for the past 30 minutes," she explains.

  

"How do you know?" I ask frowning. Carl stands in front of me as I sit on a toilet with the lid down.

  

"Who is it?" he mouths and I mouth back who it is. He takes the phone out of my hand and talks to her for me.

  

Hurt herself, why would Megan do that? Is it because of me, I never meant for her to be hurt or get hurt. This is just all out of control. I hold my head in hands. I can't believe I'm here when I've just hurt her, how selfish can I be. She is the love of my life and I'm acting like she means nothing to me.

  

"Ok, we'll ring someone there and get there as soon as we can," Carl says breaking through my thoughts. "He's not great, he didn't want to do what he did it was due to some circumstances, he just can't tell Megan that," he says to her and it's then I know they're talking about me. "I will let you know what has happened," he says and puts the phone down. He looks at me and hands the phone to me.

  

"Ring Yasmin," he orders "Catherine said after speaking to Megan she isn't in the best frame of mind," he explains.

  

"Ok, lets go back," I say getting up.

  

"Don't worry she'll be ok," he answers as I dial the number at the mansion.

  

\*\*Yasmin\*\*

  

"Megan," I call. I had heard her leave her room about half an hour ago. I thought she'd be back upstairs but I haven't heard her return. I really wish I hadn't left her. I kept my door open just so I could hear anything that was different. I get no reply from calling her.

  

I see the pregnant maid we had seen when we come here. She gives me a small smile and walks past me.

  

"Excuse me," I say getting her attention she stops and looks at me "Have you seen Megan?" I ask. She frowns at me "The girl Logan goes out with," I say and the look on her face tells me she knows who I'm on about.

  

"I saw her go in the far left study about twenty minutes ago," she informs me.

  

"Thanks I say and walk down the left corridor to the end. I open the large dark brown door and look inside to see a few lights were on. "Megan," I say looking around and then see her sat on the black leather couch. Her back is towards me. "C'mon, the party is going to start soon, you don't want stay in here," I say walking towards her "just forget about that shit head for" I freeze as I see her or more accurately when I see blood. "What have you done?" I ask walking towards her. She looks up at me and I see the tear streaked face. She looks back down at her arm as she brings a small knife away from it showing another cut. "Megan," I say taking the knife out of her hand and press my hands to her arm. "Help," I call out. I take a deep breath and let go of her hand and run towards the door and scream for help.

  

The man that follows Logan about is running towards me. He has a phone in his hand. He hands it to me and I frown.

  

"It's for you," he states "what has happened?" he ask as he notices my blood stained hands. I look at the phone and then back at him.

  

"Megan, she's hurt herself," I say.

  

"Ok, calm down," he says calmly and walks in the room. He walks towards Megan and lets out a small sigh before taking off his shirt and wrapping it around her arm tightly. He then lays her down and holds her arm up in the air.

  

"Miss, the phone call," he says now looking at me. I look down and then nod. I had totally forgotten about the phone.

  

"Hello?" I ask.

  

"Yasmin what's happened?" I hear Carls voice ask.

  

"Megan she," I pause and close my eyes as I think about how to word the situation. I take a deep breath to calm my nerves and answer, "Megan has self harmed," I say and look at her to see a blank stare covering her features. Redness rimming her emerald green eyes that now look glassy due to the tears.

  

"Fuck," he says in distress "how bad?" he asks.

  

"There's blood everywhere," I say as I feel myself getting upset.

  

"We're on our way home don't worry," he says "just stay with her," he adds. "Can you put David back on please?" he asks. I hold the phone out to David. He holds Megan's arm to me and I take it.

  

"Keep it elevated," he says to me and walks out with the phone. I hold her hand with both of my hands and look down at her.

  

"Megan," I say looking down at her. Her eyes close and then open to look at me. She moves her arm out of my hands and sits up

  

"Carl is on his way home," I say to her.

  

"Logan?" she asks,

  

"I don't know," I say. She sighs and stands but staggers back down onto the couch. "Just stay sat," I say moving a piece of her hair behind her ear. David walks back in and looks at her, he places a glass of water on the side and checks her pupils.

  

"I've called a paramedic so things will be fine," he says now looking at me. "Don't worry," he says with a small smile. "It's not too deep," he says and I sigh in relief. I look at Megan to see her looking at my hands that are covered in her blood. She then looks at her wrist and then back at my hands.

  

"I'm sorry," she says quietly and then looks down at her lap. "Logan is coming isn't he?" she asks softly. I nod and I notice her eyes well with tears. "I don't want to see him," she says.

  

"I'll tell him when he arrives," I say and lean forward to wipe fresh tears from her cheeks.
###chapter 116
**Carl**

I watch Logan as Yasmin explains to us what has happened. She also tells him that Megan doesn't want to see him. He moves his hand through his hair and I see the sweat beading on his forehead, a drawback from the drugs, although it hasn't affected him as badly as it used to.

"Who's in there now?" he asks, moving his hands around his arms to hug himself.

"The paramedics and your friend David," she says looking at us both. "She's not doing anything but staring into space. If you talk to her she'll answer but it'll be a slow one-word answer.

"Have people arrived for the party?" I asks. She nods and looks down the hall.

"I think David took them to the pool room I'm not too sure," she says.

"Go clean yourself up," I say moving my hand on her shoulder. She nods and I can tell she's on the verge of tears. I take a deep breath and pull her close to me to hug her. "She's ok," I say.

"I know," she cries and wraps her arms around me. "It was so scary seeing her like that," she sobs. I hold her tighter and look at Logan to see him walk away from us. I frown and decide not to ask him where he is going as I know he isn't going to tell me.

**Logan**

I sit on my bed and wrap my belt around my right arm just above my elbow. THe last time I did this was over 3 years ago. I place the strap of the belt in my mouth and pull as hard as I can and trap it there with the prong of the buckle. Clenching my fist my veins bulge from my inner elbow. I take the needle with my free hand off the nightstand and look at it as I hold it in front of my veins. Taking a deep breath I close my eyes and feel the rush of emotion fill me, it has been so long, it's not even come into my mind until this very moment.

"One hit won't destroy me," I say out loud to myself. I don't even understand how I got to this place. Megan tried to take her life tonight and won't let me see her. That's how I got here, no. I'm here because of the choices I make, because of my uncle. Megan and I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him. I don't care what they say to me. I've not seen Megan with my own eyes, I haven't seen if she's OK. They can tell me as much as they want that she's ok and that she won't die but I won't believe it until I see her.

I feel the sharp needle enter my skin and into my vein. I don't push in the liquid, not yet. I don't know if I want to do this, but the voice in my head, the one craving this so much tells me it won't hurt us, it'll calm us, make us happy. Make the pain go away, he pain of losing my love, the pain and hatred for myself. I won't feel which will be good.

Sighing I open my eyes and look straight ahead of me to see my reflection in the mirror. I look down at the needle in my hand that I'm holding to my arm. I frown and move it away from my arm. This iwsn't me anymore, I know it isn't. If this is what I'm going to go to if I lose her I need to get her back. I can't ever lose her. I need her just as much as she needs me and I'm not allowing people to get in our way anymore.

"Logan," I hear Carls voice sound taking me out of my thoughts. I look towards the door and see him. He looks at me and his eyes widen. "What the hell, I thought you packed this shit in," he says walking towards me and taking the needle out of my hands. I feel a sharp scratch and then look down to see I had put it into my flesh and pressed the fluid into my veins. "Look at me," he says and I can't. I feel my whole body tense "What was it?" he asks. I gulp and look at him as I feel him unbuckle the belt around my arm.

"Heroin," I say and I see the look on his face as that one word leaves my lips. He rubs his face with his hands and lets out a loud breath.

"Ok," he says and takes his phone out of his pocket.

"I didn't even feel it," I say quietly.

"You snorted some earlier," he says and I close my eyes as I stand. "Where are you going?" he asks

"I need a piss," I say walking past him and I notice the room spinning, I lean against the bathroom door and hold my head.

"You better not of OD'd on me," he says.

"I only took," I cut off and move to the toilet as quick as I can to throw up.

"You have, great if you pass out I'm taking advantage of you," he says and I wipe my mouth and walk, towards the sink.

"That's fine I won't feel it," I say and stagger out of the bathroom. I yawn and walk out of the room and as I do I see Megan. Yasmin is stood with her along with David, all three of them look at me and I step forward "Megan," I say and I can feel my body gettin heavy as I step forward. "I'm sorry," I say looking at her and I swear I see two of her. I shake my head trying to get rid of the dizziness.

"Are you ok sir?" I hear David say but it's faint.

"Yes I'm fine," I say and I feel myself drop to my knees and everything go black.

**Carl**

David and I rush to catch Logan, I knew he had taken more than he should. I can't even believe he has done it. He's been clean from the harsh stuff for so long and everything is just taking it's toll on him. He loves her and his uncle had to ruin this for him, it's obvious he can't live without her and it's the same for her. David looks at me and I know exactly what he wants to ask.

"Horse," I say and his eyes widened. "He had some earlier too," I explain.

"Yasmin," he says turning to look at her. "Take Megan into her room," he says and I look at Megan to see her hand to her mouth and the look of horror on her face. She moves out of Yasmins grasp and walks towards Logan as David and I pick him up . She holds his head in her hands and frantically says his name trying her best to wake him.

"What's happened to him? why is he?" she asks me and I can't bring myself to tell her that he's overdosed on heroin.

"He's drank too much," David says and moves Logan over his shoulder. "He'll be ok," he says to her to reassure her and she nods as a tear rolls down her cheek. David looks at me and nods towards Megan and I look at her and pull her into a hug to then escort her to her room. I get her in her room with Yasmin and then look at David.

"I'll get him to the hospital," he says and carries him down the corridor to the stairs. I take a deep breath and walk into Megan's room. Why would he do this? It nearly killed him last time. I don't want to go through nearly losing my best friend again.
###chapter 117
**Logan**

My whole body feels heavy, like it's being weighed down by something. Beeping slowly comes into earshot and my eyelids slowly open. I can't seem to open them quickly, it's like they're taped down. Finally I get my eyes open and I'm blinded by a bright light. The bright light moves away and then is back again. I move my hand to my face and slowly try to get up.The bed starts to move and I'm put in a sat up position. I open my eyes and it's much easier than before.

"Where," I start to say and I feel how dry my mouth is.

"You're in hospital," I hear David say. I turn to look in the direction his voice came from to see him sat in the chair at the side of my bed.

"What happened?" I ask and it comes out hoarse.

"You overdosed," he says and I frown and look down at my hands to see an IV in both, one leading to a bag of fluid and the other leading to small bag of clear fluid. I look at him and sigh. "Heroin?" I ask.

"Yeah," he states and I move my hand through my hair.

"How's Megan is she ok?" I ask.

"Carl called me earlier and told me she managed to sleep through the night so I'm guessing she's ok," he says and I nod.

"Good," I pause "I want to get out of here," I say sitting fully up.

"Not yet, they need to check your heart," he says and I look down at my chest to see tags on it. "Why go back on that stuff?" he asks.

"I don't know it was just something that happened, I'm not exactly back on the drug," I say to him.

"That's good I guess, just don't do it again, you passed out right in front of Megan and I know she didn't believe my lie," he says and stands up. "Do you want me to get rid of your uncle so you and her can be together?" he asks. I chuckle slightly and lay my head back and close my eyes.

"If only it was that easy, he does have a family," I explain and he smiles.

"I can make it look like an accident or suicide," he says and I turn my head to look at him to see the smile on his face.

"Don't tempt me," I say and he stands up.

"Ok, I'm going to go get the nurse so you can be discharged soon,"

\----

It took a while to be discharged, apparently my heart was beating too fast so I had to wait a little while longer to leave. David received a call from Carl not long ago to give him an update about what's going on at home.

"I can't be with her now," I say to David. He looks at me and then reaches over and slaps the back of my head. "That's for being stupid,"

"There is no need," I scowl and rubbing the back of my head.

"Well you're being an idiot Logan, what makes you think you can't be with her now?" he asks.

"Because everything has gone to shit, she doesn't want to see me and after last night I'd be a fool to think she'd want me," I say tilting my head back and closing my eyes.

"First of all, you have to realise that you both have demons, she knows you've got demons and she is willing to be with you regardless," he says as he turns into a drive thru.

"I don't deserve her," I say moving my chair back as the car comes to a stop. I lean the chair back and put my feet up on the dashboard.

"Oh get out of your pity party, you're the one that turned back to the drug, you're the one that made the decision to break up with her, you have all the resources to get rid of your uncle for good yet you have not used them," he explains and drives up to the part to make an order. "What drink do you want?" he asks me as he turns away from the speaker.

"Coffee, large, with loads of sugar," I say and he repeats what I said. He thanks the guy on the other side of the speaker and moves the car along.

"And what is stopping you from having her here with you when you take over the company fully?" he pauses "And if she doesn't want to move, you can move the company over there," he pauses and turns to collect our food and pay. He drops the bag in my lap and places my coffee in my cup holder. He then pulls the car out of the drive thru and back onto the main road.

"It'll take ages to move the company over there," I say. "I'd have to be over here first," I explain

"But it's a possibility," he says holding up his index finger. He stops at a traffic light and I open up the paper bag of food to see he had got me one of the new big burgers. I sit up fully and start to eat the fries. "To say you're a genius you don't half lack common sense," he says and prods the side of my head with his finger.

"Ok, ok I'm a dumb ass," I say wafting his hand away from me and biting into my burger. "But she won't take me back not now," I say looking down at my burger.

"Tell her the truth," he says and I look at him frowning. "I know a weird concept, but just tell her what your uncle has done, I'm sure she'll understand," he says.

"No she won't, she'll think there's something wrong with her,"

"She already thinks there's something wrong with herself," he points out. I frown at him more as to how he would know that. "No one tries to take their own life because they are ok with themselves," he explains.

"Don't remind me," I mutter and take another bite of my burger.

"If you love her you'll tell her the truth and fight for her," he says. I sigh knowing he's right. He's always right. "And if that doesn't work I'll kill your uncle easy as pie," he says causing me to smile.

**Megan**

A knock sounds on my door and again I ignore it. All day someone has been coming to check on me and each time I'm telling them I'm ok. I don't allow them in, they just walk in once I don't answer. I don't want to talk about how I'm feeling or what happened last night. I just want them to leave alone.

"It's me," I hear Yasmin say as she walks into my room. I don't look at her I just wipe the silent tear that has escaped my eye. I'm laid in bed with the covers up to my neck. "Logan is back from the hospital," she says quietly and sits on my bed. "He wants to see you," she says.

"I don't want to see him," I say and clear my throat as I sit up.

"You should come out of this room," she says looking around.

"Are you coming back home with me?" I ask her. She nods and gives me a small smile. "They're trying to get us flights," she says and I nod and look down at my lap. "Did you speak to Catherine?" she asks me. I nod and she looks at me expectantly.

"She said I have to have an assessment when I get back," I answer.

"What kind?" she asks.

"I don't know, she didn't say," I shrug and she looks down and takes my hand.

"Why don't you take a bath? You'll feel a bit better after," she suggests.

"You sure? I mean it does seem like I'm on suicide watch right now," I say sarcastically and she smiles a little in amusement.

"I'm sure," she says and I look at our held hands remembering last night that her hands were covered in my blood. I notice that there were some dark red marks under her nails. I move my thumb across them and she looks and hides her nails.

"I'm sorry," I say moving my hands through my hair and she just takes a deep breath ready to tell me not to be but I talk before she can start. "You shouldn't have found me, I shouldn't have been so selfish, I just didn't know what else to do everything is going wrong and I just couldn't help myself, cutting is the only thing I can control," I explain and she just gives me a small smile.

"I'm glad I found you," she says and stands up. "Just don't do it again, I can't lose my best friend, do you understand?" she asks and I nod. "Good now I'll go run you the best bath you've ever had," she says and walks off into the bathroom.
###chapter 118
\*\*Megan\*\*

  

I walk out of the bathroom to see Brendon sat on the bed. He looks up from his phone at me and his light brown eyes scanning my body. I automatically pull the towel tighter around my body and he looks back down at his phone.

  

"What's brought you to my room?" I ask him as I walk towards the walk in wardrobe. The long soak I took in the bath had cleared my mind of a few things. I know that last night I was being pathetic, a few years ago a guy dumping me would have just made me shrug my shoulders and forget about him.

  

"I wanted to make sure you're ok," I hear him say. "You know considering," he adds. I sigh and take a pair of bottoms out of my already packed bag and a vest top. I quickly get dressed and then walk out to join him.

  

"Considering I tried to kill myself over getting dumped," I say sitting on the bed and moving one leg onto it so I'm facing him.

  

"Yes," he says looking at me. "How do you feel now?" he asks.

  

"Like I'm the most pathetic person in the world," I say and look down "I'm sick of feeling like this," I say and move my hands through my hair.

  

"Which is what?" he asks now mirroring my seating position.

  

"Empty," I answer and my voice barely comes out above a whisper.I feel the tear leave my eye and I wipe my cheek before it can go down my cheek. "And I'm sick of crying, I feel like he's done this on purpose, I feel really trapped right now and I don't like it," I say and look at Brendan to see him take a deep breath and then let it out slowly.

  

"Come here," he says and pulls my close to him by my legs. I climb into his lap and wrap my arms around his waist. "I don't understand why he broke up with you, all I know is that he was stupid to," he says wrapping his arms around my body and I nuzzle into his neck.

  

"Thanks," I say with a small smile.  "No one has seen him since he got back from wherever he was," he says to me.

  

"He was in hospital, he apparently drank too much last night," I say and I feel him hold me tighter.

  

"God you're both trainwrecks," he says and I laugh.

  

"He has no reason to be upset he's the one that broke up with me, he was probably celebrating the fact we broke up," I say and he look down at me and makes me look at him.

  

"Don't think like that, you have to ask yourself what could have caused him to end a relationship he has been fighting for," he explains and I look down. "There's more to the story to me," he pauses "and you need to find out what it is," he adds and I frown and look at him.

  

"Why are you saying this to me?" I ask.

  

"I don't like the fact you're upset, he probably didn't realise how much of an impact him breaking up with you would have," he says and then yawns. "I need to sleep," he says and leans back.

  

"Sleep in here with me," I say and he looks at me and sits up fully.

  

"Ok, just don't touch me," he says pointing his finger at me. I laugh and get into bed. He gets in next to me and I turn the TV on.

  

"Why haven't you been sleeping?" I ask.

  

"I have, I just got very drunk last night and stayed up most of the night, I only went to bed at like 7am," he says.

  

"Well you sleep I'm watching a movie," I say and turn to the TV.

  

It's weird as soon as I saw Brendan I thought he was here to try it on with me or make some sort of move. Mostly because I know how he feels for me. I know he likes me and it has surprised me what he suggested. The thing is after yesterday I don't think I can be with Logan if there was another reason. He is the one that decided to break up with me and I hate the thought of being that dependent on him. On anyone.

  

\\---

  

The faint sound of my door shutting woke me from my sleep. I yawn and stretch out a little but I feel legs next to mine. I open my eyes with a frown creasing my face. I just heard Brendan leave. I look to see he hasn't left at all, he's still asleep next to me.

  

The clock next to the bed tells me that it's just past 3am. It doesn't surprise me when I hardly slept last night. The fact Logan was in hospital made me worry, seeing him so lifeless in Carl's and David's arms just scared me. I want to know if he's ok now but at the same time I don't want to see him. Seeing him will just make me question why he has done what he's done and the last thing I need is another argument with him.

  

I climb out of bed and make my way out of the bedroom and downstairs to the kitchen. I haven't eaten all day and I can feel just how hungry I am. I make myself a nutella sandwich and grab a packet of chips that I have learnt through watching british TV are called crisps. Which I can understand why and chips are different over here.

  

Squeezing the nutella from my second half of my sandwich I hear the front door open and then shut. People seem to always be coming and going in this mansion. I know Carl was planning to go out tonight, whether he did or not I don't know. I lick the nutella from my sandwich and then bite it.

  

"Megan," I hear someone say. I look up from my plate to see Logan stood at the door of the kitchen. He's wearing dark grey bottoms and a white t-shirt that hugged hi muscles perfectly. I wet my lip remembering just how it felt to touch those muscles. His hair looks like he's ran his hands through it way too many times. His usually bright blue eyes look dark and tired. "Sorry I just saw the light on," he says a moment after staring at me. I swallow my bite and place my sandwich down on the plate. He walks in and places something down on the counter and then walks towards the fridge. I look at what he placed which is a lighter and a cigarette packet. "Can I sit with you?" he asks now turning from the fridge to look at me. I sigh and stand up.

  

"I'm finished anyway," I say, taking my plate to the sink and taking my chips with me.

  

"Megan, wait please," he says, walking out after me.

  

"What?" I snap and turn to look at him.

  

"I need to talk to you,"

  

"What more do you need to say to me," I snap "You said enough the other day," I say and walk away from him. I just make it to the bottom of the stairs when I feel him take me by my elbow.

  

"Please," he begs. "I just want to tell you something," he says. I sigh and fold my arms.

  

"Go on then," I say.

  

"Not here," he says and starts to walk off to the left. I frown and hesitate on going with him. There's nothing he really needs to tell me, we're broken up what else could he possibly have to say to me. "Megan please," he says turning to look at me. "If you don't want to be near me after what I tell you then I'll leave you alone," he says. I can't really argue with that. I follow him down the hall.
###chapter 119
\*\*Megan\*\*

  

The room he has led me into is similar to the room I came in last night. Books line one wall from ceiling to wall with a TV in the middle. The rest of the walls are covered in dark mahogany wood. A desk is in front of dark red velvet-covered windows facing us with an old-fashioned desk lamp illuminating the room. An unlit fireplace is in the wall opposite the bookwall and a sofa sits in the middle of the room facing the TV.

  

Logan had walked straight towards a table with alcohol on it as soon as we entered the room. He offered me a drink but I refused one. He did however set one out for me anyway and is now sat on the couch with me. I noticed when walking towards the couch his laptop is laid on the coffee table in front of us.

  

"This was my grandfather's study," he says after taking a sip of his bourbon.

  

"What did you want to talk about?" I ask getting straight to the point. I don't want to spend unnecessary time with him. Not when it hurts like it does to be in the same room as him, knowing now what he thinks of me.

  

"About the reason I broke up with you," he says after a moment silence. I frown and narrow my eyes at him, is he really going to repeat his reasons to me?

  

"I already know your reasons," I say coldly and start to stand back up.

  

"No just listen, please I want to tell you the real reasons, the reasons I gave you were lies," he says standing up after me.

  

"Why lie?" I ask him

  

"It's all to do with my Uncle please just let me explain," he begs and I sigh and sit down.

  

"How do I know if you're telling the truth now?" I ask him and he sit down next to me but turns his body to face me.

  

"I have no reason to lie to you," he states. I sigh unable to argue with his logic there. "He thinks we're not good for each other," he starts "before I met you I was doing a lot of things I'm not proud of and were into things that I'm not proud of," he explains. I sigh growing inpatient. I already know he wasn't the best of people. "There are some things I'd rather you not know and he threatened to tell you if I didn't break up with you. He thinks that with my past and yours that we're just a disaster waiting to happen," he explains.

  

"How is this anything to do with him?" I ask getting frustrated. How dare he insult us like that?

  

"I have to move back here at the end of the year," he says in a rush. "Which means I'll be the face of the company, that's why I've had so many meetings. He threatened to expose our relationship in the US but I don't think he'd do that but it's still there," he says and then looks up from his empty glass to me. "I know none of this really makes sense but if me coming here at Christmas ends us I'd rather just end us now, I also found out today that I'll have to come back whenever I have time off in the US," he says.

  

I reach for the drink he had poured me, the ice cubes he put in it has cooled the alcohol. I down it in one gulp and I feel the liquid burn down my throat and it's just what I need to refocus my brain. I stand and walk towards the desk as I try to think of something to say to him.

  

"You are a complete idiot," I say as the words come to my mind. I turn to look at him to see him stood looking at me. "How can you lack so much common sense?" I ask rhetorically.

  

"Megan, with how our relationship was going, the thought of a relationship with you seemed impossible as it was but the fact I'd be living in another country would have just bolted the coffin our relationship is in," he explains. "I can't bring you here, it would be stupid of me," he adds.

  

"How? What is actually waiting for me in America?" I ask. "A dad who attacked me, a school that I can't stand been in and a grandfather who loves his abusive son too much to realise how sick in the head he is," I explain. "I have so much over there don't I," I sarcastically spit out at him.

  

"Your friends and it's the place your mother is buried,"

  

"Don't even dare," I growl at him "I haven't seen my mother's grave since god knows," I snap and I'm trying my best not to shout at him. I put my hands through my hair and try my best not to start crying. I'm so angry at him

  

"You're not understanding," he says walking towards me. He goes to put his hands on my shoulders but I move away from him.

  

"Don't touch me," I snap and walk away from him. He looks hurt by my rejection but right now I don't care. He's saying things he knows will upset me. "You're not helping me understand," I say "What's the worst thing you've ever done?" I ask.

  

"I'm not telling you that," he says and leans against the desk.

  

"Well it's the only way you're going to find out if I can cope with your flaws," I say and he sighs. "Have you killed someone? Is that it?" I ask "because by my standards that's probably the worse thing you can do," I say.

  

"I nearly killed someone," he says not looking at me.

  

"Nearly isn't the same as actually killing someone," I say and walk towards him.

  

"Not when the intention was to kill," he says and looks at me. I frown and stand in front of him.

  

"Why?" I ask.

  

"What does it matter why?" he retorts. I sigh and take deep breath, it's like he wants me to be angry at him.

  

"Because there is a reason as to why people do the things they do," I answer. He takes a deep breath and then looks down at his hands.

  

"You can't mention this to Carl," he says now looking at me. I frown and fold my arms.

  

"This conversation is staying between me and you," I state to him and he nods.

  

"I nearly killed him because he was trying to have sex with me," he says slowly. I frown at his statement. "I was throwing a party, he was Carls boyfriend at the time and well he had roofed me, I woke up to him sucking my dick and I just lost it, I just couldn't stop hitting him. Carl was sleeping in the pool house when all this was happening, it took a few of the guys to get me off him but he ended up in a coma for a few weeks and when he came round I held a knife to his throat and told him if he ever told anyone what I did to him I'd slit his throat," he says and I notice that he's not looking at me directly. I sigh and move forward and wrap my arms around his neck.

  

I think that's a valid enough reason," I say and feel his arms move around me.

  

"There's so much more," he says. "That is just one of my actions," he says

  

"It's ok, that was a past you, you've overcome the demons that made you like that," I reassure and feel him move his hands to my waist. He pushes me back and looks at me.

  

"It doesn't matter anyway, when I come back here we won't be together," he says and I am now really confused.

  

"So why tell me this? Why not just allow me to go back to america thinking the lies?" I ask.

  

"I don't know," he says and moves his hands to mine to take my hands from around him.

  

"This is so stupid," I say and walk away from him. "I'll go back to bed then seen as though you're done,"

  

"I didn't want you hating me," he blurts out and I turn to look at him.

  

"I'm not going to hate you for dumping me," I state and lean against the arm of the couch.

  

"Maybe not I just," he growls in frustration "this was not supposed to go like this,"

  

"How did you expect this to go?" I ask "for me to be like ', oh OK Logan, I understand that your uncle is a fuck-face, and you were put in a situation where you only had to take his offer,' that isn't going to happen," I sarcastically retort. "You had other options, one of which was to come to me and talk about it but you didn't, you decided to throw shit in my face," I say getting angrier at him.

  

"I'm sorry," he says loudly back at me. I sigh and hold my head in my hands as the tears start.

  

"You have no idea how you made me feel," I cry. He's by my side within seconds. He pulls me up by my arms and hugs me.

  

"I'm sorry, I don't know what else to do or say," he admits and moves a hand through my hair.

  

"You can tell me why the hell we still can't be together,"

  

"Megan," he sighs pulling away from me.

  

"Tell me Logan," I demand and he just walks away from me back to the table with the drinks.

  

"Damn it Megan no," he snaps at me and pours himself another drink.

  

"You are literally a douche," I say as if it's a fact. "You expect me to believe what you're saying but how can I when you won't tell me all of it?" I ask.

  

"Fine it's because we will end up like my parents, you'll start hating me and probably end up fucking the pool guy and I'll hate you and fuck my secretary, that is why and I'm not going to let that happen. I'd rather not be with you than to be with you and you hating me and finding love with another man," he confesses in a shout. I stand there completely shocked, how can he think we'd end up like that, and it's like he knows my thoughts as he speaks again. "I've cheated on you once already, and I saw the look on you that night I came back from working all day when we were supposed to be going out, we may not start off like them but at some point we will turn out like them." he says looking down at his drink.

  

All of this because of his fear of becoming his parents. His uncle may have started nagging him but it's his fear that made the decision.

  

"Did your uncle point that out to you?" I ask already knowing the answer. He nods and places the glass tumbler on the tray and walks over to me.

  

"On the day we broke up," he mutters and walks to the desk to lean against it. He rubs at his eyes and then yawns. I take a deep breath and walk over to him.

  

"What were you really in hospital for?" I ask quietly not wanting to actually hear the answer.

  

"A drug overdose," he says with a shake of his head. I feel myself wanting to cry. "I don't want any of this,"he looks at me and I take his hand in mine.

  

"Then don't let any of this happen, I don't believe we will end up like your parents, your fear of it is too great," I say and kiss his hand. "Your uncle can go screw himself, we can work out a way around him, and anyone else who wants to get in our way, including your fear because Logan I want to be with you,"he smiles at my words and presses his lips gently to mine. He moves both his hands to my neck and pulls away slightly.

  

"I want to be with you too, god knows I'll end up dead without you," he says pressing his forehead against mine. Moving my hands up his chest I feel his muscles tense under the fabric of his t-shirt and then relax. He moves a hand down to my right wrist to gently move it off his chest and then look down at the surrounding bandage. "I can't believe I caused this."

  

"It's ok," I breathe.

  

"No..making you feel the way you did will never be ok and I promise you I'll never do it again," he says looking me in the eyes and all I can see in those eyes is determination.

  

"Ok," is all I say and hug him tightly. He presses his lips to my head and kisses me over and over until he kisses down to my mouth. Biting my bottom lip I slowly release it and lean in to kiss him. His caress over my lips and into my mouth. His hands are under my top touching, moving over my skin. He holds me at my waist and lifts me up and turns me to sit me on the desk.

  

Pressing his body to mine I move my leg up and hook it round one of his legs holding him close to me. Our kiss is broken when he pulls back and takes his t-shirt off. I watch as his chest rises and then falls, his skin tightly stretched over his muscled chest and arms. Moving my hands up the strong arms that have held me and caused pain I feel just how strong they are and the small imperfection in the inner part of his right elbow. Looking at it, I see it's a needle mark.

  

"I'm an addict," he says looking at me. "When I can't get a hit of one addiction I have to find another," he says looking right at me.

  

"What are you saying?" I ask him as the fear of his answer grows inside me.

  

"My personality is addictive and I have realised that you're my newest addiction. Without you I know I'll go to my old ones," he says and looks down. "I'm sorry,"

  

"Don't be, lets face it without each other we just fall apart," I answer and move my hands to his shoulders and around his neck to pull him closer to me for a kiss.

  

"Do you realise the responsibility of being my addiction?" he asks and I smile.

  

"I think I can deal with it," I respond and he visibly relaxes into my arms.
###chapter 120
**Logan**

Megan has no idea what she does to me, what her body, mind and touch does for me. Just having her in the same room as me gives me a sense of stability. The fact she's ok with who I am, what I am even is the biggest relief to me.

When I walked into her room to check on her earlier it broke my heart, the image of her in the arms of Brendon just crushed me. I didn't think I could have felt as bad as I already did until I saw her then. The fact she wouldn't see me when I got back from the hospital was a blow to me. I wanted nothing more than to hold her and feel her heart beating against mine. God knows when I had heard from David that she had cut herself my mind went into overdrive. Now she's in my arms sleeping perfectly.

I hold her tightly to my chest as I look up at the ceiling. We moved to the couch after our talk. What I told her I had never told anyone, the only people that knew about it was David and my Uncle and they only knew so that they could cover it up. I never told my uncle why I did what I did mostly because I was ashamed of telling him. David had gotten it out of me when we were boxing together. He had told me I should have finished him off but I know he said that in jest.

The door to the room opens taking me out of my thoughts.

"Logan," I hear David call. I hold up my hand to show him where I am. He comes into sight and looks at Megan who is laid with her head on my chest and an arm over me. One of her legs in laced with mine. We had just talked about mindless stuff to relieve the tension in the room and as we spoke she fell asleep.

"What's wrong?" I ask him. He sighs at me and walks towards the fireplace.

"There's a lady in here you should keep the room warm," he says he lights the fireplace to illuminate the room in a golden glow. I smile slightly and shift under Megan. "Did you tell her then?" he asks nows standing up and looking at us. I look at Megan and move hair from her face.

"Yes, I did," I say and slowly but carefully move from under her so I don't wake her. "She took it better than I expected," I inform and he smiles "she got angry, I've never actually seen the side of her I saw today. She shouted at me and swore at me, she even called me a douche," I say frowning and he smiles and walks towards the desk to open the laptop.

"Someone needed to," he says sitting down at the desk. "Are you back together?" he asks.

"She kissed me so I'm guessing we are," I answer and walk towards the desk.

"Never guess Logan, you hurt her, you are not back together until she confirms it, a kiss means nothing when you're arguing with the person you love, it can be out of vulnerability or emotional horniness," he says with a small smirk and looking at me.

"I told her about Jackson," I say and try to gauge his reaction to it. He leans back in the chair and looks up at me.

"Good," he says.

"And I told her why I was in hospital, I didn't tell her what drug," I add.

"How do you feel about that?" he asks.

"I don't know, she told me she still wants me so I guess I'm happy about it," I pause "I just hope I don't have to tell her everything I have done, I don't think I could," I admit and look towards her to see her still asleep.

"I've sorted the arrangements for when you're back in America," he says and starts to click away on the laptop. I walk round the desk to the laptop and look at it. "I need you to confirm the men that I've chosen and then we can get it sorted," he explains.

"Ok," I say and watch him open all the necessary files.

"You should get some rest, the rest of the house will be up soon," he says getting up. "I'll lock this door behind me, you know where the spare key is right?" he asks. I nod, "And if anyone asks me I'll tell them you've gone out for the day, as for Miss Wright," he says and looks at her "well I can always say you took her with you so you both could talk," he states.

"Good," I say and watch him walk towards the door.

"And remember, be a gentleman," he says and walks out. I roll my eyes at him and look at the laptop screen. David is the dad I should of had, he's always giving me advice or trying to push me into the right direction.

**Megan**

Fast hard tapping wakes me. Stirring I open my eyes to a dimly lit room and the annoying tapping. I look at the source and it's Logan sat at the large desk on his laptop. Sitting up I move the blanket off me and walk over to him.

"What are you doing?" I ask while yawning. He looks up at me as I walk round the desk. He closes a window on his laptop and I can tell by the redness in his eyes that he'd been sat here a while.

Wrapping my arms around his neck I kiss his cheek and then his ear. I'm not going to lie, seeing him topless in the glow of the fireplace made me want him. I know now that when he touches me that it's going to be primarily for my pleasure. Somehow having his hands on me took away the pain of Benjamins hands and the memories entailed with it.

"Work is what I'm doing," he sighs and places his hand on mine. I smile and look at the computer to see a spreadsheet.

"Well stop working," I order as I move my hands over his chest. He looks up at me and moves a hand up to cup my cheek. Leaning in he presses his lips to mine and slowly moves his hand up through my hair and then pulls me down to him so I fall onto his lap. I giggle and feel him move his other arm under my legs.

"Now you're up, I will stop working," he says pulling away and looking down at me, his blue eyes glistening with the reflection of the fire. I turn to his laptop and close the lid and then wrap both of my arms around his neck as he stands with me in his arms.

"Why haven't you slept?" I ask looking up at him.

"I had to answer a few emails and check a few proposals," he says and lays me back on the couch.

"I'm not going back to sleep," I say and the right side of his mouth tilts up into a sexy smirk.

"I know you're not," he responds pressing his lip to mine. I move back on the couch to give him room to get on too. He pulls back from the kiss and looks down at me. His knees between my legs and his hands flat at the side of my head. He stares down at me as he holds himself up and away from me. "I want you to do something for me," he states.

"What?" I ask frowning.

"Promise me that when we are with each other you tell me exactly what you want?" he asks.

"I don't know what you mean," I say and move my hands to his chest.

"I want you to always tell me what you want sexually," he says and I feel myself blush at how straightforward he's being. "I'll be the same way for you as well," he states.

"I promise," I say and a small smile forms on that perfect face of his. "Why?" I ask after a moment.

"So I can always pleasure you," he says.

"Can I tell you what I want right now?" I ask and he nods. "I want you to kiss me and a little bit more," I say moving my hands down to the waistband of his bottoms.

"Hmm, I think I can manage that, but let me tell you what I want," he states and I tilt my head at him. "I want to kiss you but also - he moves a hand down to my top and moves it up slightly- I want to take this off and maybe these," he says moving a finger to the waistband of my bottoms. "Is that ok with you?" he asks.

"That is definitely ok with me," I say and move up to him. He meets me half way and kisses me. I moan into the kiss as I feel his body weight in between my legs. I have to admit I love the feeling of his body against mine, he never puts all his weight on me or ever too much, it's like he knows how much my mind can handle.
###chapter 121
**Megan**

His kisses move from my lips to my cheek and then down my jawline to my neck. I tilt my head up a little to allow him more access. The feeling of his hands is cool against my skin as they move under my top pushing it up and over my breasts. His fingers teasingly press over my nipples making my breath shake. He smiles and pulls away from me to pull my top over my head.

"Don't leave a love bite this time," I say looking at him.

"I won't, I don't want anyone to know we're back together," he says.

"Me neither," I say and it seem my sentence peaked his curiosity as one of his eyebrows rises. "When people know they tend to stick their noses in and push you with their opinions, this is our relationship it is only us that need to know about it," I say moving a hand through his hair.

"Exactly what I was thinking although there is someone else who needs to know,that someone is Carl," he says and I smile at him.

"Fine, you tell Carl, and I'll tell Yasmin," I say "Now shut up and continue lavishing my body in kisses," I say and he smiles.

"Yes Miss Wright," he says and starts to kiss my neck again, then down my collar bone to my shoulder.

"I like the sound of that," I say with a slight giggle and undo the drawstring of his bottoms. He moves down to my chest licking over my breasts and then down in a straight line to my belly button. I breathe in as his hands moves over my rib cage to the hem of my bottoms. I lift my hips slightly as he pulls my bottoms off. "No one can hear us can they?" I ask.

"No," he says against my thigh and kisses it. I move up onto my elbows and watch him as he takes my bottoms off fully. His fingers wrap around my ankle and he looks at my body, the look of lust is clear in his eyes. "You're way too beautiful," he says quietly and moves his hands down to my panties. His eyes on mine as he pulls them down my legs. Flicking my tongue over my dry lips I try to calm my nerves. I know where this is going and my nerves aren't out of fear but of excitement, to know that this man is going to pleasure me to the point of getting rid of the bit of pain Benjamin has caused me.

His lips press onto my thigh and up to my sex, his eyes still on me. I moan at the feel of his tongue licking and teasing round my clit.

"Logan," I breathe and collapsed back on the couch as his hand laces with one of mine like the time in Paris. His day old stubble is rough against my skin contrasting against the softness of his tongue. I wonder if I ask him to keep the stubble would he find it strange or if I'd be out of line. I don't really need to tell him why, would I? He doesn't have to know that because of him I now have a fondness to men with stubble.

He pulls away and slowly moves his fingers over my sex. I feel him kiss up my stomach as he moves a finger inside me. He licks in my belly button and swirls his tongue inside it before nipping a bit of skin between his teeth. I lace my fingers through his hair, I want to feel his lips on mine but it seems he has other ideas as he moves down my abdomen to my clit and flicks his tongue over it.

My breaths start to come in short and fast as he moves two fingers in and out of me in fast long movements. I start to squirm and instinctively move my hips to meet every thrust his hand makes.

"Ah Logan please," I cry in pleasure but I myself don't know what I'm asking him for. I know that my orgasm is near. I had read stories that many women had never experienced an orgasm, and many didn't experience one until they were in their thirties or forties. Yet Logan knows my body enough to give me one. My back arches, my toes curl and I close my eyes as the orgasm rips through me like a hurricane. I untwine my fingers from his and hold onto his wrist for some sort of support, my other hand is still in his hair but I can't help but pull on it.

Logan kisses back up my body to my neck and then looks right at me.

"Next time remind me to wear a hat otherwise I'm going to have no hair left," he says with a small smirk "and you need to cut your nails," he adds and I roll my eyes at him.

"I'm sorry," I say and move my hands up to his hair.

"Don't be, I like it really, turn me on a bit," he says with a shrug of his shoulders. He then pulls fully away from me and I watch him as he moves my panties back onto my legs.

"Do you think anyone heard?" I ask,

"No, not unless they had their ear to the door," he states and moves my panties up my legs. "And so what if they did, they won't know it's us," he says laying at the side of me. I sit up and let him lay on his back so I can lay on his chest. "I think we should stay in here for the rest of the day, only because I can't face people at the moment," he says and I look up at him.

"Why? What's wrong?" I ask and kiss his chest.

"Carl is very pissed off at me, my uncle is on the war path and well I keep getting asked why I broke up with you," he explains and I smile a little as I slowly move my hand to the waistband of his joggers. I hadn't missed the bulge in his bottoms and as last time my hand is shaking. He takes my hand in his and moves it up to his neck.

"What's wrong?" I ask.

"The only person being pleasured today is you," he says and kisses my hand.

"But," he cuts me off.

"I have plenty of control Megan, I'm fine," he pauses "I won't have control if you touch me," he says and looks at me "especially if you touch me with this gorgeous mouth of yours," he says leaning in and kissing me on the lips. I smile and kiss him back.

\---

Turns out that on the wall with the fireplace behind one of the panels is a door and it's a bathroom. It seems his grandfather didn't like leaving his study. THis room is full of surprises, on the wall opposite the bathroom there's a hidden TV and sound system. along with rows and rows of DVD's but I have a feeling that's Logan's touch.

"David is going to bring us some food," Logan says as he looks away from his phone to me. We had turned the couch to face the TV "Do you want anything in particular?" he asks.

"No I'm happy with whatever he brings," I say and move onto his lap so I'm straddling him. He look up at me as he texts on his phone.

"What are you planning?" he asks.

"Your Uncle,"

"That's what I want to hear while you're on my lap," he says cutting me off.

"Let me finish, I have an idea as to how to get back at him for what he has done," I say and move my hands down his bare chest. "We'll play him at his own game, he has a lot more to lose than you,"

"What's your point?" he asks, moving his hands up my thighs and resting them on my hips just under his t-shirt.

"I want you to catch him cheating on his wife," I say and he looks at me his blue eyes searching me "When you have the evidence of his infidelity and anything else, we'll tell him together that if he doesn't leave us alone we'll destroy his life,"

"I like this idea," he says with a small smirk.

"And I'm guessing he's not exactly a law abiding citizen," I state and he just smiles at me. "Catch anything, maybe go through some of your company books, they're will be something off I'm sure of it and then when we approach him, we also tell him that he's going to accept half a million to leave the company fully seen as you're taking over and if he has any issues with that then we can always show his wife and the police just what he's been up to," I explain.

"Hmm so devious it turns me on," he says with a big grin and kisses my neck. I smile and move off him.

"People need to learn they can't mess with us," I say and peck his lips.

"Yes they do," he agrees and watches me as I walk away from him to the hidden bathroom. I do my business and then wash my hands.
###chapter 122
**Megan**

It's strange I've been expecting him to want me to touch him since earlier but he hasn't. Everytime I touch him he redirects my hands to his neck, I don't really understand. He's saying to me that he'll have a hard time controlling himself if I do touch him but I thought that's what men like. Is he lying to me? Did I not do it right? Or is what he is saying the truth and he's just trying to protect me from himself?

I dry my hands and look in the mirror to see my hair is a mess but the bags under my eyes have faded so I can't complain. I should probably ask him why he doesn't want me to touch him rather than jump to conclusion but I don't know how to bring up a conversation like that. The last thing I want is for us to end up arguing. I take a deep breath and open the door to the bathroom to walk out.

"Logan," I call as I walk out. He turns to look at me and I see that he's stood talking to David. I feel myself blush at the fact I'm stood in nothing but my panties and Logans t-shirt that only just covered me. I pulls on his t-shirt a little and I notice Logan smile at me and I know he's laughing on the inside. I sigh and walk behind the desk to hide myself a little more.

"Hi," I say with a small wave.

"Hello Miss Wright. How are you feeling today?" he asks.

"Neither good nor bad," I say with a tilt of my head. Logan frowns and they both walk towards me. It is then I notice the plates on the coffee table. I watch them both sit in the chairs at the desk. I sit in the desk chair and I know they're about to ask me what is wrong. "Due to what his Uncle has been doing and his idiotic actions it's hard to feel good, yet to be back with him it's hard to feel bad," I explain and Logan just looks anywhere but at me or David.

"I told him just how stupid he is," David says referring to Logan "As for his uncle, Logan has told me your plan and I admit, it is a good plan, I've always said behind every good man there's an even better woman," he says looking between Logan and I.

"Well it is if it all works out, Logan has to do his part," I say looking at Logan.

"It will not be difficult, Mr Peters loves his women, I think tonight will be a good time to start, I'll get someone following him right away, I'll also look into the company books for you," He says looking between Logan and I. I give him a small smile and watch him stand. "Enjoy the rest of your day, I sent them all to a theme park, I told them you weren't feeling well and that Logan intended to speak to you," he explains.

\---

"Tell me about your parents," I say looking at Logan. I'm laid between his legs with my back to his chest. We had finished watching a movie and were talking about my mom. He had asked me about her and I told him everything from the way she laughed to what her favourite item in her wardrobe was.

"There's not much to tell, they worked and argued a lot, my mother was really nice the first few years, I think it was when my father started cheating on her that she stopped caring for me. I think I reminded her of him too much. My father was always distant and cold towards me, when I got in trouble he used to hit me but only got really violent a few times. That's why I'm close to David, he would tell my father when enough was enough and he'd be the one who would bandage me up and try and make sure it didn't happen again but it always did. I think he just took things out on me really," he explains. I look down at his stomach as I try to take all that information in. It makes me sad to have Logan think his parents never loved him. It's not like he can ask them or ever find out why they did the things they did.

"That's horrible," I say and hug him tightly. I can't even picture a child version of Logan, let alone one terrified and hurting.

"It's not that bad really," he says, hugging me back. "My mother always tried to show me off because well I have an IQ of 150 or I did, I don't know now with all my idiotic moves," he says. "She got me to play the piano and study most nights of my life. My father got me into kick boxing when I was young as I was apparently weak. David taught me that," he says and then looks down at me.

"David was like a father to you then?" I ask.

"Yeah but don't tell him that, he'll get a big head,he already acts like my father," he states and I smile.

"He just cares for you, he wants you to be happy," I say and press my lips to his.

-

"What really happened between you two?" Yasmin says once Melanie and Julie both left.

When they came back from their day out I had all three of them asking me what Logan wanted to talk to me about. Luckily Logan and I spoke about the excuse I would make and that was; he wanted to speak to me to let me know that he still cares about me and that we couldn't be together now that the Principal Mrs Kitson had seen us together in Paris. That part threw the girls which meant I had to explain to them what happened in Paris, I just missed out the fact we had sat with them and had breakfast. I made up that Mrs Kitson wanted to speak to Logan privately which led to his decision to break things off in the first place.

Melanie seemed to be a little annoyed at the fact I have agreed to still be friends with him but she didn't voice that, I could just tell by the look on her face. Julie however thought it was sweet and thinks we'll end up getting back together even though I profusely told her it wasn't going to happen.

"How can you tell everything?" I ask her as I lay down. She lays next to me and smiles.

"It's because I'm not stupid, plus I saw you both early this morning, I kept the bedroom door open because I was worried about you, When I looked out I saw you walking with him down the hall," she explains and I smile.

"I was going to tell you anyway," I say and give her a small smile. "We are back together, we just want to keep it quiet because people seem to want to get involved and I know you don't want to and he's going to tell Carl," I explain and she smiles at me.

"What was his real reason?" she asks.

"His uncle had blackmailed him and some fears he has, as he has to move back over here at the end of this year and it just made him a little scared," I answer.

"I think that's more than a little scared," she states.

"Maybe but I just have to make sure he knows that it's a stupid fear," I say with a tilt of my head.

"Can I ask you something?" I ask. I never got to have the conversation with Logan over why he wouldn't allow me to touch him and it bothers me. We were having a good day so bringing the subject up didn't seem right.

"Sure," she says, laying her head on the pillow and yawning. "I have a question for you after," she states and I smile a little.

"Logan wouldn't let me touch him you know in...that way," I say using my hands as I try to convey to her what I mean and she frowns at me. I sigh "Sexually," I say and she smiles. "He touched me but when I tried to do it to him he said 'I was the only one to be pleasured today and then told me if I touch him he won't be able to control himself," I pause to see her reaction but her face isn't giving me anything. "I don't understand that, if he enjoys it why won't he let me?" I ask her and she smiles at me.

"You're such a worrier, he practically told you why. He just wanted to pleasure you, he didn't want anything in return, you do know that's not how sex always works right? Just because one does something to the other doesn't mean they're in that person's debt, you know that right?" she asks.

"I guess," I say, frowning.

"What happened with you and Tyler?" she asks.

"Well we didn't do things often, but it was sort of one for one," I say.

"What do you mean, sort of?"

"Well I never had an orgasm with Tyler," I say slowly and she chuckles to herself a little.

"Good job it doesn't work out like a one for one because Tyler would be in debt with you," she says and I laugh at her. I can feel my cheeks have heated up throughout this conversation and I know that's one of the reasons for her laughing. "Listen the only way you're going to know fully what he meant is if you ask him," she states.

"I don't wanna," I groan as I turn onto my back. "It's embarrassing, it's not fair that he has all the experience," I say and she laughs. "And what if he thinks I'm being stupid?" I ask.

"He won't, just ask him when you're next alone with him,"

"Like I can do that," I say with a roll of my eyes and Yasmin laughs.

"Your embarrassment in this subject is really cute," she pauses and takes on a serious expression

"I think he meant what he said, he wants to be able to have control when he's with you. To not scare you away," she explains.

"I guess, what was your question?" I ask.

"Why was Brendan in here with you last night?"

"He came in to see how I am and fell asleep while watching a movie with me," I explain and she frowns. "Why? Did you think something else?" I ask.

"Well Logan came into your room before you left and he left looking very angry, at first I didn't understand why until this morning when Brendan left your room. So I thought maybe he saw something he shouldn't have," she explains.

"Oh," I say. Logan never mentioned anything about Brendan to me.

"I'm so tired, who knew theme parks were so tiring, I ate so much," Yasmin moans and I smile. "I'll go to bed in a minute, oh did I tell you Scott kissed Julie," she says suddenly awake.

"No, when did this happen?" I ask.

"Today, while they were waiting in line for a ride," she says. "And Melanie and Cade seem to be in better spirits too,"

"He told me he's going to break up with her when we get back," I tell.

"Oh My God really," she says and I feel like I'm gossiping. "Tell me," she says, now sitting up. I chuckle slightly and sit up too. I sigh and then give her a smile as I start to tell her what he said.
###chapter 123
**Megan**

The sound of Max growling woke me from my dream. For the first time in a while I've actually had a dream. A lot of the time I've either had nightmares or slept too lightly to dream. I reach for the lamp and turn it on to see Logan shutting the door. He turns and looks at me and gives me a quick smile. I stroke Max's head and he lays his head back on his paws.

"You know if it's not Brendan in bed with you it's him," he says, throwing his hands up in defeat. I smile and watch him climb onto the bed and climb on top of me to give me a kiss. "I'm glad it's him though," he says and I shake my head at him.

"Why didn't you tell me you came in here the other night?" I ask.

"It wasn't important," he says, laying his head on my lap.

"We didn't do anything, you know that right,"

"I didn't know that but thanks for clearing it up," he states.

"Where did you go tonight?" I ask looking at the clock to see it's half three in the morning.

"I took my uncle out, got him cheating on his wife," he states. "Plus I paid the stripper to get evidence of them sleeping together," he adds.

"How did you know they were going to sleep together?" I ask.

"I paid her to sleep with him," he says and my eyes widen a little "everyone has their price," he says and I shake my head "I don't think she'll be stripping for rest of the year," he says with a small laugh.

"I'd love to know how that conversation went," I say and he smiles.

"I asked her if she was going to sleep with him and if so if she'd record some of it, she said she wasn't planning on sleeping with any one of us but said she'd do it for a price," he explains. "Turns out she's got a kid so I said if she sleeps with him, records some part of it and sends it to me and then keeps texting him, (you know flirting with him through text) I'd set up a bank account for her kid and give her 50 grand," he explains. Then he gets up "I said I'd put 20 grand in the bank account for her kid, I'm gonna get a shower, I smell like a bar," he says pulling his t-shirt over his head,

"Do you not realise that you may have just changed that woman's life for the better?" I ask.

"Yeah she said she'd stop stripping if I actually did it, so I gave her half right in front of her," he says with a small chuckle. "I didn't mean to wake you by the way," he says leaning in and kissing me on the lips.

"You didn't it was Max," I say looking at the sleeping dog.

**--2 days later**

Logan wraps his arms around my waist as I take a sip of my coffee. I smile a little as he kisses my shoulder.

"Someone may see us," I say as I lay my head back on his chest. His arms tighten around me and he nuzzles into my neck.

"I've not been able to touch you for the past two days, right now I don't care," he says in my ear and my smile widens. It feels nice to be wanted in a way that isn't sexual.

"Still, we should be careful," I state. He turns me in his arms and presses his lips to mine.

"They're all in bed," he pauses and caresses my nose with his nose. "We have a few minutes before anyone else wakes up," he mutters. I place my cup on the counter and move my arms around his neck to move onto my tip toes and kiss him on the lips.

"Sir," I hear David say. I pull away from Logan and he sighs deeply. "Sorry to interrupt but Miss Wright has a phone call," he states and I frown while moving out of Logan's grasp.

"From who?" I ask him. He hands me the phone.

"Your grandfather," he says. My frown deepens and I take the the phone off him and hold it to my ear.

"Hello," I say and walk towards the stool at the counter to sit down.

"Megan honey, I've been trying to get hold of you for hours," my grandfather says. Panic clear in his voice.

"What's wrong? What's happened?" I ask

"It's Jonathon," he says and I feel my heartbeat quicken. I can't think of anything to say. The thoughts going through my mind are horrendous. All I can think is that he's escaped or he's going free, but the panic in his voice makes that option seem impossible. "We can't find him," he says and I think my heart has fallen into my stomach. I feel sick and I can't help but shake over the fear. "He was in hospital following what happened and they went to check on him yesterday and he's gone," he says and my eyes fill with tears.

"W..where?" I go to ask a question but I can't. My mind won't get past the fear.

"They've checked the security feed but they just picked him up going outside for a smoke,"

"Jonathan doesn't smoke," I state quietly.

"He didn't," he corrects. "He started smoking again when he returned home, I think it was the stress of everything," he explains. I sigh and roll my eyes at his ignorance. I have been under a lot more stress than he probably ever was but I haven't started smoking.

"What are you telling me?" I ask.

"He's missing, no one knows where he is," he states.

"So he's escaped," I say and it comes out as a sob.

"We think so," he says slowly. "The police are looking for him," I take the phone from my ear and hold it out to Logan. He takes it and starts talking to my grandfather. I move my head into my hands, what do I do? He may not know I'm here but I'll be going back in five days, he'll find me and get me. I don't know if I can cope with the fear. Living in fear isn't something I want to happen again.

"Ok," I hear Logan say pulling me out of my thoughts. I look towards him to see the anger on his face. "I don't know how they could be so stupid," he says clenching his fists. I look down at my lap and quickly wipe the tear that has fallen down my cheek. Logan moves towards me and wraps his arms around me. I push him away from me and get up off the stool.

"Megan," he calls after me as I walk out of the kitchen. He won't understand how I'm feeling, he'll just think I'm been pathetic and tell me I've got nothing to worry about when I have everything to worry about.

Walking into my bedroom I go to shut the door when Logan stops the door with his foot. He pushes the door open and shuts it behind him and pulls me into his chest. His arms wrap around me tightly as I start to cry.

"I won't let him hurt you," he says. I shake my head and move my arms around his waist clutching at his back. "I promise you."

"Why wasn't he been watched?" I ask through my sobs.

"I don't know," he sighs. I hear the door open and I don't move. Right now I don't care who sees us hugging, I need this otherwise I know I'll do something I regret. I know that my mind and imagination will go into overdrive with worry and fear.

"What's happened?" I hear the person say and by the voice it's Melanie. "Megan," she says and I feel her hand on my back. I can't even think of the words never mind say them without feeling my soul crumble. "Logan why is she crying?" she asks him.

"I'll tell you later," he states. "Get your brother and Julie, Yasmin and Carl up," he tells her.

"Sure," she says and walks out of the room and I know she's left the door open on purpose.

"I'll tell them," he says pulling away from me and moving his hand to my tear stained cheek. "Do you want to come down with me?" he asks. I nod and he leans in and presses his lips lightly to mine. "I'll die before I let him touch you again," he tells me and I smile a little at his determination.

"Promise you'll never die?" I ask and he smiles at me.

"I promise I'll never die," he says causing me to smile and hug him again.
###chapter 124
**Megan**

"What? But how is that possible?" Julie asks.

"Isn't he supposed to be under guard 24.7?" Melanie asks me.

Logan has just told them what my grandfather has told me. When he had finished the room was silent, Melanie had moved over and sat next to me holding my hand. It literally felt like we had gotten the news that someone has died, all their eyes were on me trying to gauge my emotions.

The truth is I'm not too sure how I feel. My mind has gone numb. I feel like I'm going insane or that this is just a nightmare and that any moment now I'm going to wake up to see a sleeping Logan next to me. Trying to pinch myself awake isn't working, I keep nipping the inner part of my arm, testing myself to see but no such luck. I'm still sat here, in this room with tension so thick I feel like I can't breath.

"That is what I have been told," Logan says. He's sat on the couch opposite me which is just torturous. I want nothing more than to move onto his lap and let him hold me, I don't feel safe otherwise. But I know he's only sat away from me because he himself wants to hold me just as much and most likely whisper safe and secure words in my ear that everyone else tells me but only he can mean.

Glancing over at Logan I see him looking at me while rubbing at his hands. He looks away from me as soon as our eyes meet. Hearing the words out loud just seem unreal like it's a cruel trick.

"They'll find him," Melanie says while reassuringly squeezing my hand. I shake my head a little and look down at my lap. It's taking everything in me not to cry again. "They will, they have to," she states.

"He couldn't have gone far," Yasmin states. I stand up and wipe my eyes.

"I need some air," I mutter and walk out of the room and make my way out the back of the mansion.

Dark grey clouds cover the sky making it seem too dark for the time of day it is. Rain pelts down onto the ground creating a soothing sound. The droplets even louder as they land in the pool, luckily I'm sheltered from the rain although I'm not so sure I want to be. I want to feel something other than the fear and worry building up inside me.

The door I had come through opens and I look to see it's Melanie. She gives me a small smile walks over to me. She stands next to me and leans against the wall with me with her arms folded.

"Are you cold?" she asks and I smile at the fact she knows not to ask me if I'm ok.

"Surprisingly no, right now I welcome the cold," I say moving my hands up my covered arms. I'm only wearing a tank top with a pair of jeans and a cardigan. I look towards her to see her shivering. I smile a little, her small frame looks even tinier with her hunched the way she is. Moving my arm around her I pull her into a hug to warm her up a little.

"I came out to comfort you not the other way round," she says hugging me back.

"I'm not comforting you I'm warming you up, you can comfort me if you like," I say with a small smile and she laughs.

"I'm sorry," she says quietly. I sigh knowing what she's saying sorry for.

The past few months we've become apart, this time last year we were best friends but ever since I told her about Benjamin we just drifted. I know there's a wedge between us. She will try to blame it on Logan but I know it's something else. There's things she's not telling me, I want to help her but I can't, not when I can't help myself. I know it's selfish of me but what am I to do? If I try to help her it may not be the right kind of help. We might just both end up going down the same route.

"It's ok," I say quietly.

"For everything," she adds.

"I know, it's forgotten about," I say pulling from the hug and holding her hands in mine. "Talk to me, what's going on? You keep having these shitty moods and I don't know why," I say moving a

black piece of hair from her face.

"It's hard to explain," she says quietly.

"Try," I say quietly. I just want her to know that I'm here for her regardless of my situation. I'm sick of been a shit friend. I've known her since I was 7 years old. She's been through everything with me, we've even planned what our futures will be together, where we'll live, what colleges we're gonna go to but all that seems redundant now.

"I can't," she says quietly and she looks like she's about to cry.

"Melly," I say using the nickname I gave her when we were younger. She smiles at it and looks down. I sigh and go to move my hands out of her but she doesn't allow me to.

"I love you," she says and I look at her and I'm about to reply to her when I feel her lips on mine.

My eyes widen and I pull away.

"I thought I was the only gay in the village," I hear Carl say. We both look to see Logan and Carl stood there looking quite shocked, probably not as shocked as me. Her hands leave mine instantly and she runs back inside not making eye contact with anyone.

"Melanie," I call walking after her but stop when she's out of sight. I turn back to go outside and see both Logan and Carl waiting for me. I shut the door and stand in front of Carl. "Say anything to her and I'll kill you," I threaten and he smiles. "No teasing, no snide remarks, nothing do you understand," and his smile widens. "Carl I'm serious, and she's not gay, don't tell anyone what you've just seen," I snap and I look at Logan to see him smiling a little. "That goes for you too," I say to him and he frowns at me while pointing to himself.

"I'm just an innocent bystander," he says and I sigh while moving my hands to my face, holding my head in my hands.

"She's so cute angry," Carl states and I move both my hands through my hair.

"Shut up," I snap, walking back to the wall and leaning against it while nibbling at my thumb nail.
###chapter 125
**Megan**

This is all I need, I wonder if anyone else is going to add to the pile of stress I have. I feel like I'm going to snap from it all. I think I'd be able to cope with Melanie if it wasn't for what's happening back home.

"Why can't everything just go right for once?" I ask out loud and both Logan and Carl look at each other and then back at me. "We're doing good and then you break up with me over your fucking uncle and then we get back together and Jonathan decides to make a run for it and Melanie decides she's in love with me, it's like something good happens for something bad to happen," I explain in one big breath.

"Wait? You're back together?" Carl asks and I look at Logan.

"Yeah, I forgot to tell you," he says to him and Carl just frowns at him. "We're not telling anyone but you and Yasmin so feel honoured," Logan adds.

"Hmm and just how can you forget something like that?" Carl asks him.

"It's been a busy couple days," Logan says and looks at me. "You can sort this out with Melanie and Jonathan will be found, I'll get people searching," he says walking towards me.

"And by the way it's not a choice, you don't choose who you fall in love with," Carl states in mock anger while folding his arms at me.

"I know but she's not in love with me, I know it's not a choice," I say and he smiles at me. I shake my head and look out towards the garden, watching the rain falling heavily onto the grass. "I just don't think I can deal with all of this," I say and I feel my eyes start to well. "I don't want to feel like this," I say now turning to look at them both. Logan moves towards me and goes to hug me but I push him away from me. I know if he hugs me I'll crumble but I know that is what I want the most. "Just..." I can't even finish my sentence which causes him to try again and I don't have it in me to fight him. His arms wrap around me and then I feel Carl hug me too, both of them resting their head on each of my shoulders.  

"We'll help," Logan states to me. I don't even know how they can help me. They can't take this fear and worry from me and have it themselves, for as long as Jonathan is in this world it's going to be with me hanging over me like a shadow.

Silence laces over us and the only sound is from the rain hitting the floor that isn't sheltered and the pool. Logan's hands tighten around my neck and Carl's tighten around my waist. These two are so alike it's no wonder they're best friends. Logan has his demons yet is strong because of them. Carl puts on a mask for other people and makes it seem like he hasn't got a care in the world, but I know he himself most likely has demons of his own that I've yet to find out. I only know due to the brief conversations we've had and from what Logan has told me.

"You know we only need to lose the clothes to make this a threesome," Carl says breaking the silence.

"You know," Logan says pulling away from me and leaning forward to smack the back of Carl's head. "You're suck a dick," he says and I laugh a little and I can't help but laugh out loud at them as they're just too comical. The comment Carl has just made is just so like him, he obviously felt awkward being in silence.

"What I'm just saying, he says with a shrug. "Thought I'd throw it out there," he say and I laugh more. "Put a smile on her face as I'm sure a threesome would," he adds and I'm in hysterics as Logan runs out into the rain after him.

"Whats going on?" I hear Yasmin say. I turn to see her and Julie both stood there looking at both men running around like school children around the vast garden.

"What do you think?" I ask with a sigh.

"Carl said something dirty towards him?" Julie asks.

"Yeah," I say and watch as Logan grabs him and holds him in the headlock as he walks him towards the pool.

"No," Carl yells. "It's freezing I'm sorry," he shouts. "Megan help me," he calls out to me. Logan turns and looks at all three of us with Carl in his arms.

"Do you think we should push them both in?" Yasmin asks.

"Yeah," I say smiling and walk with her and Julie towards them both. Carl smiles in triumph which makes all three of us run towards them and push them both in. Logan reaches out for me as he starts to fall and I grab hold of Yasmin to stop him from pulling me in but we both end up falling in with them. I let out a scream as my body hits the cold water. I land in the water hitting the bottom of the deep end. I open my eyes and look at Logan and Carl both looking at me and Yasmin. Yasmin surfaces first and then I'm after her with Logan and Carl behind me.

Julie stood laughing is all that is heard over the rain and splashes of water. She starts to gloat at the fact she's the only one not in the pool. I rub the water from my face and look around to see all three of them laughing.

"Don't celebrate too early," Logan says nodding behind her. I look to see Scott running behind her and then picking her causing her to scream in laughter.

"No please," she says trying to get out of his grasp and him jump into the pool with her in his arms and a shriek coming from her as she hits the cold water.

I have to admit been in the cold water is a lot more enjoyable than I thought. The feeling of the cold his stronger than the feeling of fear. It's making my mind focus on this rather than what is waiting for me back at home.

Water gets splashed at me and I look to see who had done it. Logan looks at me and points at Carl. I splash him back and he goes under the water. My eyes widen and I move behind Yasmin, I can see him under the water but not as well as I would be able to if it wasn't for the rain. I move my arms around Yasmins waist.

"Oh no you don't, you're the reason I'm in here," Yasmin says and goes underwater to swim towards Carl and pull him under. I shake my head at her. She acts like she doesn't like him but it's obvious she does. It's cute really, I guess she likes playing hard to get.

Then I feel arms go around my waist, I jump. I had totally forgotten about Logan and his pursuit of me. I feel him pull at me and I take a breath of air before being pulled under. I close my eyes and then slowly open them to see him looking down at me. He holds his hand out for me and I take it feeling him pull me up from beneath the surface.

Inhaling air I nudge him with my hand and he laughs.

"We should get out or we'll freeze," he says while stroking up and down my spine.

"I personally think we should get in the hottub," Carl states.

"Has it been cleaned since you were last in it?" Logan asks him and Carl takes on a look of mock horror.
###chapter 126
**Logan**

A small knock sounds at my office door. I look up from my laptop to see who it is. Stood in a pair of skinny navy jeans and a red vest top is Megan. I give her a small smile as I notice she looks upset. From what the staff have told me she hasn't slept the past two days. Apparently, she's been in the games room all night playing different games.

"Are you ok?" I ask. She shrugs and sits in the chair in front of my desk. "I got everything we need to get my uncle off our backs," I state. "Do you want to see?" I ask. She shakes her head and pulls her legs up so her knees sit just under her head.

"Can I stay in here?" she asks.

"Yeah sure, I'm just answering a few emails," I answer.

"Thanks," she says resting her head on her knees and wrapping her arms around her knees. I watch as her eyes close heavily and then open to look at me.

"Did you speak to Melanie?" I ask her. It has been two days since Melanie kissed her.

"No not yet, I tried to but she is avoiding me," she pauses "I don't know what to do about her, I'm not exactly angry at her, I just want to know what she's thinking,"

"She'll come see you when she's ready, Carl did the same thing with me, the first time he tried to kiss me," I say to her showing her I understand her dilemma at the moment.

Ten minutes pass by and I've answered three out of the ten emails I need to answer. I look up from my computer screen to Megan, to see she's asleep. I smile a little and stand up to put the blanket that's on the couch over her.

"Is Miss Wright asleep?" I hear David ask.

"Yeah,"

"She hasn't slept for the past two days, she was looking for you last night and the night before,"

"I know, I was forced into a conference call last night and the night before I can't even remember," I say rubbing my head.

"That's what drugs do to you," he states and I look up at him.

"I haven't-"

"I found them, Logan," he says cutting me off.

"I didn't have any, I had weed instead," I argue.

"Good," he says "I have sorted everything out for your return back to America, my wife took the news better than I expected she's actually very excited to be going," he states and I smile a I knew that if she wasn't on board he wouldn't be returning with me.

"And your children?" I ask

"They don't seem too bothered with them both been in university they're happy to spend their summers in America," he answers.

"Good, I'm sure they will enjoy it," I say and look towards Megan.

Sometimes I feel so helpless when it comes to her. Everything I do seems to be wrong, I want nothing more than to make her happy but I know I'm failing. I'm constantly worried about her. Worried that one day I'll wake up and she won't be here, that she has left me or worse taken her own life. It's hard at the moment not been able to hold her when she needs me.

"She'll be ok," David says getting my attention. I look at him and he gives me a reassuring smile. "I'm more worried about you," he states.

"I'm ok, I just feel helpless most of the time and I don't like it, I want to help her but I don't know how, sometimes I feel like I'm making her worse," I explain.

"Sometimes things have to get worse for them to get better," he replies to me and I look at him.

"Is that your quote of the day," I ask jokingly to him. He smiles and shakes his head at me as he walks out.

Walking towards Megan, I kneel down in front of her and move her hair out of her face. She looks so peaceful when she sleeps, it's my favourite of her looks. Moving my arm under her legs and then the other to her back I slowly pick her up. She stirs and moves her arms around my neck.

"Don't leave me alone," she says as she rests her head on my shoulder.

"Never," I say and lay her on the couch and she pulls me down with her. I smile and move down the side of her, she lets go and turns on her side so we're now spooning. "Better?" I ask. She nods and moves her hands to my arms that are around her.

"When we go back home I want to be home-schooled," she suddenly says. I frown and sit up to look down at her.

"Why?" I ask.

"With Benjamin out on the loose I think I'd feel safer at home," she states not looking at me. I sigh and lay back down. Having this conversation now isn't the best time, we both need some sleep and if I'm honest with myself I don't really see it being a bad idea.

"If that's what you want I'll arrange it," I say moving my arms back around her. She turns and looks at me. A smile clear on her face.

"Thank you," she says and kisses me on the lips.

"Although," I say while pulling away, "it will have to be an ugly old man or a female one," I joke. "You know with teachers being your type," I joke and she giggles and pulls me on top of her.

"I think you'll find I only have eyes for one person in my life," she states causing me to smile as I kiss her back.

"Good, I get jealous very easily," I explain against her lips and then kiss down her neck, she relaxes in my arms and runs her hands through my hair. I pull away and look at her and smooth her hair from her face as I admire her beauty.

The yellow flecks in her eyes just make her eyes glow, she has a small smattering of freckles over the top of her nose, only small, unnoticeable unless you're this close to her. Her whole body is pressed against mine, every inch of her is just perfect in my eyes. Looking at her I wonder if she will ever see herself the way I see her.

"What's wrong?" she asks with a tilt of her head.

"Nothing," I say with a small smile and kiss her cheek. "You should get some rest," I state as I lay at the side of her. She sits up to let me lay down on my back to have her lay her head on my chest.
###chapter 127
**2 Days Later**

**Megan**

Turning and inspecting myself in full-length mirror I can't justify myself wearing such a beautiful dress. The dress Logan had made me try on in Paris I'm now wearing to a charity ball his company organises every year. I've been in London for just over 24hrs and for most of the time I've been stuck in this hotel room getting pampered. I've seen the others once maybe twice as they've been having the same done to them apart from the men. Logan I've not seen since we arrived here.

Looking towards the door when I hear the turn on the handle, I brace myself for the look on Logan's face when he see's me in this extravagant dress. My body relaxes in relief as it's only Yasmin. She looks at me and raises her eyebrows.

"Wow," she says looking me up and down.

"It's too much isn't it, I said to him when he bought the dress that it wouldn't suit me,"

"What are you on about? You look stunning," she says frowning at me. I look at her outfit to see she's in a halter neck plunge red dress.

"You look amazing," I say standing up. "I love the colour on you," she gives me a small twirl and smiles.

"Logan bought us all dresses, I think he's now in Melanie's good books due to it,"

"Your shoes are super cute," I say looking down at the silver sandal heels.

"Thanks, I think my feet really make them look good," I laugh at her and feel a little bit better seeing that she's just as made up as me. "Cheer up, tonight will be fun, we're able to wear expensive clothes and drink expensive wine and act like we know important people, it'll be fun,"

"Ok," I say taking a deep breath and giving myself one last look in the mirror. I guess I don't look too bad, I like how natural my makeup is done and the scars on my back aren't visible due to my hair.

We make our way out of my room, I can hear music playing and chatter downstairs. It seems the gala has already started. I stand at the top of the staircase with Yasmin, her arm linked with mine.

"Carl scrubs up well," she states. I frown and look around to see Carl stood talking to Logan. THey're both wearing a black tuxedo and seem to be in too deep of a conversation to notice Yasim and I assess them. "Logan looks like James Bond," she states and I start to laugh.

"He's too rough around the edge to be James Bond," I say and I notice that Logan's bow tie matches the colour of my dress and I can't help but smile slightly at that.

"Really? James Bond is rough too,"

"Logan brings a whole new meaning to it," I state and watch as he seems to realise us both watching them. His eyes lock with mine and then slowly move down my body then back up to my eyes. He mouths something and then nudges Carl with his elbow.

"C'mon they've noticed us," Yasmin says while tugging my arm slightly to move down the stairs. We stand in front of them both, Logan leans towards me and kisses me on the cheek.

"You look beautiful," he says in my ear.

"You look man-beautiful," I say and he laughs.

"Thanks," he replies and holds his arm out to me.

"What about your uncle?" I ask.

"I'm only walking you into the room," he says and I smile and take his arm. "I have to say hello to important people, it should take about an hour and then we'll meet with my uncle," he explains.

"Do you have everything already?" I ask.

"Yes, David works quickly. The last thing my uncle wants is his wife leaving him and leaving him with nothing."

"Ok...she deserves to know what man she's married to," I state.

"Oh she knows, I spoke to her earlier today, she told me she's in the process of divorcing him and she knows he's cheated on her but because she needs actual proof she won't win the divorce, I've asked her if she can hold on for a year and a half and I'll help her,"

"Did she agree?" I ask.

"Yeah, she did," he states.

"What kind of woman is she?" I ask as I don't know many women that would stay with a cheating husband for so long.

"You can meet her now," he says and I see we're walking towards a woman in a red halter neck dress. She has long blonde hair that hangs in waves.

"Logan," the woman says and gives him a hug before kissing him on each cheek. He gives her a small smile, "I can't get over how much you've changed," her attention then turns to me, "and is this the famous Megan you couldn't stop talking about the other day?" she asks. I look at him with my eyes wide. She laughs and then hugs me. "He was right you are a stunner," she states and then looks back at him.

"Megan this is Caroline, my uncle's wife" he introduces, she taps him with the back of her hand and takes offence.

"I wish you wouldn't introduce me as his wife," she states angrily and then smiles at me. I give her a small smile and look at Logan. "I am soon to be Logan's business partner if everything goes right tonight between them both," she adds and l look at Logan.

"I'll tell you later," he states and I feel his hand move to the small of my back. "As much as it is nice to trash talk my uncle, I have hands to shake and ego's to stroke," he states dismissing us from any further conversation with Caroline.

Logan escorts me to what I'm guessing is our table. He looks around once we stop in front of it, I watch him frown in a direction behind me. I look too to see his uncle with the woman we met while shopping a few days ago. The underwear model that I never got the name of. She's wearing a nude corset style dress that has diamantes and beading running through it. It has a slit that seems to go on forever, showcasing her very long legs.

"I told him I didn't want a date for this thing," Logan growls out.

"It's ok," I say as I realise what his uncle is doing.. "We'll put him in his place very soon so let him have his fun," I state and pull out my chair. "Humour him," I add and sit down. Logan looks down at me and I can see he wants to say something else to me.

"I'll explain everything to Erin, she'll understand," he states and moves his hand onto my shoulder. I can see it as he looks into my eyes, he wants to reassure me that having Erin here is strictly business.

"I hope so, I don't want her getting her hopes up about you when you're mine," I say quietly enough for only him to hear. He laughs a little and I see the tension leave his eyes. He looks back towards them and then back at me.

"I really hope I don't lose my anger to him because it is not a site that needs to happen tonight," he states before walking away. I watch him greet his uncle with a fake smile and then kiss Erin on each cheek.

"Nice to know she has a name and she's not just 'the underwear model,'" I hear Yasmin state. I laugh and look at her to see her sat opposite me.

"Where is everyone else?" I pause, "and how did you escape Carl?" I ask realising that Carl isn't with her.

"I've not seen them since they were getting ready, Carl went to get us drinks," she states. She then gets up and moves to sit next to me. "So I've thought of 6 possible ways to kill Logan's uncle and get away with it," she jokes. I laugh and look towards Logan with his uncle.

"Let's hear them then,"
###chapter 128
**Megan**

This gala has gone on forever, I didn't know it was going to be 6 courses. Six! However, when the first one came I can understand why. Tiny is the only word I can use to describe the portions. Logan is sat next to me with his fake date and all of our friends and his uncle and his wife.

Every time Logan speaks to Erin he moves his hand onto my leg and I can't help but smile a little. Luckily for us, it's Yasmin sat on the other side of me. I've been talking to her ignoring the business talk between Logan and a man that I can't remember the name of. Erin seems quite nice, she's spoken to me a few times and she rolls her eyes at the fact she caught between Logan and the businessman.

"Are you going to talk to Mel?" Yasmin asks.

"She's avoiding me, I tried in between the first and second course but she just avoids me," I explain.

"What did you say to her?"

"I asked her if I could have a talk and she said no, that she's busy," I pause "but Logan told me to let her come to me," I state.

"I guess that might be better, I think Carl is trying to get me drunk," she says as she takes a sip of her wine.

"Say's the girl holding the glass to her own lips," I say with a small chuckle.

"He keeps getting me the drinks,"

"You know it's an open bar right?" I ask.

"Really?" she asks shocked. I shake my head in response. I feel eyes on me, I look to my left to see Logan staring at me.

"What?" I ask smiling.

"Nothing, are you enjoying yourself?" he asks. I nod causing him to smile slightly. "I can tell Yasmin is enjoying the free bar," he states and I look at her too to see she's having a very animated discussion with Julie and Scott.

"Apparently that's Carls fault," I state. He looks towards Carl. I look to to see him down half of his beer. I frown and look at Logan. "Is he ok?"

"Doesn't look like it, he hates things like this, it reminds him of his childhood," he states. "I'll have to get him out of here soon otherwise he'll either start a fight or get so wasted he passes out," he adds.

"I can't imagine Carl fighting," I say.

"He's not a fighter that's the thing he just gets into his own head is all, his parents used to make him go to galas and balls like this all the time, with him being their only boy they would make him act a certain way. When he first came out to them, they told him it was just a faze and to never speak of it again, it was after that I met him," Logan informs. I frown in annoyance at the fact I know nothing about him. Not anything really personal.

"Where did Carl grow up?" I ask.

"The Hamptons, New York," I frown in response "I spent a lot of time their, mostly for the drugs," he clarifies. I raise my eyebrows and then look back at him. It's not that I forget he had a drug problem or that he is always in recovery, it's more the fact I just can't picture him doing them, even though I saw him overdose a few days ago.

"Logan," I hear his uncle snap. Logan turns his attention from me "you going to ignore your date all night?" he asks while scowling at him. Logan and I both look at Erin to see she's not sat next to him anymore and is actually made her way over to a well known fashion designer.

"Duty calls," Logan mutters.

"Make sure you're back for the 3rd course of the six we are to eat," I joke.

"Like I'll miss out on food," he says frowning at me. I laugh and look at his uncle to see him glaring at me. I wonder what made this man so bitter. I really do.

\---

I can honestly say I never thought such tiny food could fill me up so much. After the six courses, Logan had to do a speech and I don't think I've ever seen him look so confident. It turned out that tonight was for a teenager orphan charity that was set up only two years ago and Logan was the one to set it up. He's full of little secrets that I can't help but adore him for. He had just finished his speech and then got talking to a lot of people afterwards. Halfway through the speech I saw Carl get up and walk out of the room, Logan seemed to have noticed but carried on, Yasmin however did get up and go after him.

Looking to the right of me I see Mel sat two spaces away from me and she and I are the only one at the table. I wonder if now is the best time to talk to her. All I want is for our friendship to go back to normal.

"Mel-" I start but then someone interrupts me.

"Miss Wright," I look to see it's Logans uncle. "A word?" he asks and I feel like it more of a demand than a question. I look at Melanie to see her look at him then at me and instead of bailing me out like I know she normally would, she turns her attention to her phone. I sigh and nod at his uncle before standing up. I reach for my clutch but he stops me with his hand on my wrist. "You won't need that," he states and pulls me out onto the dancefloor, not letting go of my wrist.

He moves his other hand to my waist and pulls me up against him. I gulp and loko up at him and try not to show the slight panic I have building inside.

"What are you doing?"

"I wanted to talk to you and this is the only way I can talk to you privately," he states not looking at me but over my head around the large ballroom. "There are things you should know about Logan, you're not good for him, and that's not me been an arse. No one is good for him, not right anyway,"

"Because he has baggage?" I ask getting annoyed at this man who knows nothing about Logan yet thinks he can speak for him. "Everyone has demons," I snap.

"Yes true, he's no different than your demons, and unfortunately for him he doesn't realise it,"

"Screw you," I snap, "you are lucky we are in a public place right now," I growl.

"He's a violent person," he states looking me straight in the eyes.

"No he's not,"

"He has many secrets, the drug abuse is only one of them,"

"Well he's not like that anymore," I argue.

"By the look of your friends brother that's a lie, and he's like that because of you, there's a part of him that enjoys causing pain on people,"

"No there isn't,"

"Did he seem sorry about your friend?" he asks. I say nothing as I realise Logan only said sorry because I told him to and he was only sorry at the fact I found out. "He'll end up sleeping with Erin tonight and most likely another model here if he hasn't already,"

"Screw you," I grit out through my teeth.

"I'm only telling you this to protect you both, he's cheated on you once already, that you know of," he pauses "I know what Logan is like, he's been like this before, become obsessed with a girl for a couple of months and then drops them once he gets bored or something else catches his eye," he pauses. "It ends with the girl been heartbroken and him hating himself, that's what Erin was to him," he states. I go to reply when I hear someone clear their throat. I look to see David stood behind me.

"Miss Wright," he states, holding his arm out to me. I pull myself away from Logan's uncle and take Davids offered arm, looping my own with his. Once we are far away enough to not be heard David talks. "You looked like you needed saving," he states.

"Thank you," I say as I try to hold the tears back. David leads me out of the ballroom down a long corridor and then into what looks like a library. He lets go of my arm and walks over to a small bar in the corner. I sit in one of the overstuffed chairs and try my best to calm myself down. A white cloth comes into view. I look up to see David holding his handkerchief out to me.

"Thank you ," I mutter again and dab at my eyes.

"Logan told me to get you away from him, I fear I wasn't quick enough," he states and places a drink into my hand. I look at it to see a dark amber liquid swirl around some ice.

"Was that so he wouldn't tell me the truth about Logan?" I ask and I start to feel annoyed at myself for feeding into what his uncle has told me.

"What did he say to you?" he asks.

"That I'm just one of many girls he becomes obsessed with, that he's violent, that he enjoys hurting people," I answer. "Is that true?" I ask looking up at him. He's in a navy tuxedo that brings out his blue eyes that are now looking at me with sympathy.

"If you had asked me that a couple of years ago I'd say partly true, I don't think he has ever been obsessed with anyone, it's usually the other way round. Violent, yes he was. I'm not sure if he enjoyed it, I believe that to be the wrong term to use for it. But this isn't a conversation you should be having with me," he states and then stands up fully to then start walking to the door.

"I'll be back," he states and walks out of the room.
###chapter 129
**Megan**

I'm not upset over what his uncle has told me, I'm upset at the fact he hasn't. Yes, he told me he had a rough past but he made it sound like he was just a troubled teenager over his parents.

What's more upsetting is that I can't defend him. He said himself he's an addict. Maybe what his uncle said is true and sooner or later he'll drop me. Taking a shaky breath I stand and walk towards the large bay windows. I can't see outside with it being dark but I can see my reflection. Dabbing around my eyes I try to make it look like I've not been sat here crying over what his arsehole of an uncle has said to me.

The door opens, I look to see his uncle. I inwardly grown at the sight of him.

"What do you want? Have you not said enough to me?" I snap. He walks towards me and goes to touch my hair. "What are you doing?" I ask.

"I wasn't done talking to you,"

"Great," I say with a role of my eyes, it's then I realise he's blocking my only way out and he's way too close for my liking. I step back slightly. "We aren't even together anymore so why are you even telling me the things you are?" I ask.

"I'm not stupid, I can see the way you both look at each other, I want to make sure that when you go back to America you don't get it into your stupid heads to start again,"

"Why do you even care so much? Even if Logan and I were together it doesn't affect you," I state.

"Yes it does," he snaps.

"No it doesn't, you're just being spiteful, you don't want him to be happy,"

"No, he doesn't deserve to have everything handed to him, why should I allow him to have someone he loves as well as a company that belongs to me, it's my blood, sweat and tears that have made this company, I was the one that built this with my brother. He's just a spoilt rich brat that got this handed to him," he yells at me all the while clenching his fists. I gulp down my panic and try my best to back away from him. I feel my fear crawl up from my stomach and up my throat making my mouth dry.

The door swings open, Logan walks in with David behind him. David walks past Logan. He grabs his uncle and shoves him into the chair I was originally sat in. Logan walks towards me and pulls me into a hug.

"Are you ok?" he asks in my ear. He pulls away and looks at me.

"I didn't do anything to her if that's what you're wondering, I'm not a monster," his uncle says in a bored tone.

Logan pulls out the chair at the other side of the desk and leads me to sit in it. David pulls a brown envelope out of his jacket pocket and places it in front of Logan's uncle.

"What's this?" he asks picking it up.

"Open it and find out," Logan states. I look up at him to see the coldness in his eyes. I look back at his uncle to see him opening the brown envelope and looking through what seems to be pictures.

"You've been busy," he says and looks up at Logan. Logan pulls some papers out of his jacket. He makes two piles on the desk.

"So have you, I've seen the money you've been hiding and the 'businesses' you've been making under my business,"

"Your business?" He snaps. "I'm the one that built it," he says standing up. David places his hands on his shoulder pushing him back down onto his chair.

"You have two choices, you sign these papers, giving full control back to me and an NDA and you get 10 Million, or I show those pictures to your wife and the police and these documents to the HMRC," Logan explains.

"I'd sign them if I were you," David states, "You don't want to go inside, you'll be someone's bitch in a heartbeat, plus people like you aren't liked in prison," he states.

"All of this is enough to put you away for a very long time," Logan says calmly.

"What for?" I ask. Logan looks down at me and I watch the coldness leave his eyes.

"Trafficking: human, drugs, sex and children,"

"You act like I did it all myself,"

"No you just funded it to make money, you should know that all your accounts are empty right now," Logan states.

"Ask him about his ex-wife," his uncle suddenly says. I look at him to see him smirk. "Ask him when she actually died," I frown and look at Logan.

"Sign the goddamn papers," Logan snaps.

"Ask him what he did to one of Carls ex-boyfriends," he says casually as he reaches for the papers for him to sign. He starts to sign each document where there's a sticker that says 'sign here,' "I'll save you from asking him, he beat him to death, killed him, didn't even get anyone to do it for him, did it with his own hands," he explains as he signs. He pushes the papers towards Logan. Logan takes them and then flips through them. He looks at David and David nods before walking to the door and opening it to reveal Caroline.

"I thought about saving your marriage," Logan states getting his uncle's attention. "But then you walked in with Erin and I thought why bother giving him 18months to sort out his marriage," he adds as he pulls out two pieces of paper and hands them to Caroline. "Congratulations you're officially divorced," he states. My jaw drops, I look at his uncle to see his face twist in anger. "Good news you'll still be getting the 10 million but you just signed 80% over to Caroline, along with everything else," Logan states and then gives him a small smirk.

Caroline walks over to us and takes the papers Logan is offering her.

"Thank you," she states and kisses each of his cheeks before turning to give her estranged husband a dark glare and then walking out.

"You can't do this," His uncle says getting up and glaring at Logan.

"I can and I have," Logan answers.

"You can't run a company in another country,"

"I can if I'm expanding the company, now you need to leave," he glances at David. David moves towards, his uncle and takes him by his arm. "Enjoy the rest of your night," Logan adds as David drags his uncle out of the room. Leaving just Logan and me.

Logan sits down opposite me and places his feet on the desk.

"When we get back to America I'll set up the transfer of everything, I know we've not fully discussed you-" I cut him off.

"Are you seriously not going to address what's just happened?" I ask. "What he's just said to me?" I add.

"Are you asking me if I've ever killed someone?" he asks and tilts his head at me. I nod in response and I feel bad to even show his uncles comments any attention but I can't help it. "So that means you think I'm capable of killing someone," he states. My eyes widen I open my mouth to tell him that's not true when he stops me, "It's ok, the truth is I am capable of murder but I've never done it. The person my uncle was talking about is dead but not by me, he died a year after my altercation with him, he got mixed up with something in Mexico,"

"What did you do to him?" I ask.
###chapter 130
**Logan**

Megan looks away from me and takes a shaky breath. When I walked into the office and the instant I saw the fear on her face all I wanted to do was hold her. David had told me that my uncle had spoken to her and that she seemed shaken up. When we saw him come in here that's when I knew something wasn't right. 

She looks unbelievable tonight, that dress fits her like a glove, she has minimal makeup on and her hair is down in waves. She is beautiful and I've never felt so lucky in all my life. Even right now with that loaded question I feel lucky to be near her. 

"What else did my uncle say about me?" I ask, she looks up at me and I watch as a tear rolls down her cheek. "That bad, huh?" I ask and clench my fists in anger. 

I bet everything he said is true as well. I won't deny anything that is truth to her. She only ever deserves the truth from me. She looks away from me and wipes her cheek. 

"Nothing I don't already know," she states and I don't miss the bitterness of her tone. 

"Will you not give me the chance to defend myself?" I ask. 

"What do you want to defend? He said you get obsessed with different women all the time, that give it a couple of months you'll find someone else, that you're violent, and you will cheat on my again at some point." she snaps and looks away. "I'm sick of people telling me this shit, all it does is feed the doubts I have about us," she pauses "I keep telling myself that they're wrong, that you're not like that anymore, that you won't do that to me again. But it's hard to believe that when people keep telling me the opposite," she explains. 

I stand up and walk round the desk to sit down on the desk in front of her. I don't know what I can do to convince her or prove to her that I will never hurt her. To ease her worries, all I know that it's only my actions that can do that. 

Reaching down to take her hand I pull her up to her feet, she looks up at me, her green eyes filled with unspilled tears. 

"I am violent, but only to those that hurt the people I love, Carl's ex-boyfriend was hitting him," I start, she looks at me and moves so I can sit in the chair. She sits on my lap, I take her hand in mine. "He was an arsehole to him, I met Carl when he was 16, it was around the time I met Stephanie that he met Adrian, I never really knew him, I only met him a couple of times and I knew I didn't like him but it wasn't my place to say. He had a wife and a kid, it just made no sense for him to be with Carl. He was 32 and Carl was 18 and in a bad place he didn't need someone like that.

"Anyway, after everything with Stephanie, I didn't see him for a long time, I guess I was too wrapped up in my own shit. I was at a party and he was there, he had lost a lot of weight and had a black eye. At first I thought he'd been hitting the coke too hard but he wouldn't talk to me or even make eye contact. He left the party pretty much straight after running into me. When I spoke to a few friends they told me that they hardly saw him too. 

"The next day I went to the apartment I knew he was staying in, it turns out he had been kicked out by his parents after coming out, David came with me, he had come over at my Uncle's request. When I got to Carl's I walked in and I just knew what had been happening. Carl was on his knees. He looked like he was waiting. He didn't move and when he finally realised it was me he panicked, he kept telling me to leave that it wasn't safe. I got David to take him by force and I just sat and waited for Adrian to come back," I look up from our intertwined hands to see her expression. She gives me a small smile and I can't help but kiss her exposed shoulder. 

"It's ok," she says and places her hand on my cheek. "I know you're not this person with me," 

"I know that if David hadn't come back I would have killed him, I took all my anger that I had for Stephanie's parents and the anger I had for what he had done to Carl out on him, I tied him up and just went to town on him, I tortured him and I did enjoy it because he had hurt my friend. For two days I had my fun. David came back, reset his bones for me and then we left him there. I sent his wife all the texts he'd sent Carl when he first met him, he was murdered two years later, I think he got involved is some shady dealings," I pause and move her hair from her face. "I'll never raise a hand to you, I can swear it on my life," I promise. 

"I know," she states. "I just wish you'd get to tell me these things in your own time rather than people interfering and making me worry," she explains. "Is there anything else I should know?" she asks. 

"No," I say honestly. "I'm not going to sit here and tell you every person I've beaten it would be pointless." 

"I don't need to hear it," she states and looks down in thought. She chews her bottom lip as if she's debating on saying something to me. 

"What are you thinking about?" I ask. She sighs and then looks me in the eyes. 

"He mentioned your wife," she states.

"He did didn't he," I answer, "she made me promise to her, so I may have lied to you about her at first but it was only because of that promise," I explain. "I need you to understand that," I stress. She nods and twines her fingers with mine, letting me know that she's going to listen to me. 

"She hadn't died when I told you she had, she was on life support. Do you remember that day you had to pick me up from jail?" I ask. 

"Yeah," 

"I had switched it off. Stephanie had brain activity but her body wasn't working and there was nothing they could do. She had multi organ failure which meant she couldn't undergo any transplant. They kept saying if they knew what was causing the organ failure they could help her but it just wasn't possible. They had to put her out so that she wasn't in pain, while they worked to find out what was wrong with her. In the end she had to be put on life support. We only woke her three times, each time it was for me to turn her machine off and I couldn't do it. She had the ultimate decision really but gave me the power because I guess she just knew I wasn't ready," 

"I promised her I would once I got clean and I intended to but when I saw her I just couldn't, she was the only person in my life that loved me and showed me love, I just didn't want to lose that, in the end she made me promise to tell people she was dead, so that's why I lied to you" I confess. 

"The woman you took me to meet in hospital?" she asks quietly. I nod and I feel my heart beat faster out of fear, the last thing I want is for her to think this was just some cruel joke or that this was purposefully done to hurt her. 

"She asked to meet you, when I next saw her she told me to be patient with you and not screw up," 

"Ok," she sighs and gets up off my lap. "I'm understanding all of this I just don't get why it was such a big secret, you could have told me all of this, were you ever going to tell me this?" she asks.

"No," I confess. "If I'm being truly honest, I kept telling myself to tell you but I just kept thinking there was no point dragging up the past to have you think I betrayed you," 

"Logan, why would I think you betrayed me? It was a promise you made to your dying wife, it happened before you met me, only a really vindictive person would hold that against you," she explains and reaches for my hands. She pulls me to stand. "It amazes me that you kept your promise to her, it's also heartbreaking to know that you were going through her death all alone, I could have been there for you," she reaches up and places her hand on my cheek. "You tell me I'm not alone all the time, isn't it the same for you?" she asks. I nod and she reaches up and hugs me. I wrap my arms around her waist. 

I must be the luckiest mother fucker ever to have someone like her in my life. To forgive all of my mistakes and transgressions the way she has. 

Loosening my grip on her she slowly pulls away and I want nothing more than to kiss her. As if reading my mind, her lips skim mine, moving a hand up her body to her neck I stop her from kissing me. She looks me in the eyes and the look on her face tells me we both know that we won't stop at a kiss.
###chapter 131
**Logan**

"We should head back," I state with little conviction because that is the last thing I want to do but I want it to be her choice. I'm giving her an out.

"We will, just not yet," she states and presses her lips to mine, her hand moves to the back of my neck pulling me down to her. I kiss her back and press her body to mine. I want her to know that just a kiss from her turns me on. 

Her hands press on my chest before moving to the lapels of my jacket and pushing it off my shoulders. Taking one arm out of my jacket I then lift her up while removing it completely. I carry her to the large desk and place her gently down on it so she's sat and I'm between her legs. Pulling away I look down at her. Last time we went further than a kiss she had a nightmare. 

"You're thinking too much," she says as she pulls my bow-tie loose. I wet my lips and tilt my head at her. "I don't think you realise how safe I feel with you, I realised that tonight when I was here with your uncle and you walked in. The sense of relief that came over me at seeing you nearly made me collapse. The stories about you don't scare me, they make me know you'd do anything for me and I like that," she smiles and I watch as her cheeks slowly turn pink. She closes her eyes before quickly saying "in fact it kind of turns me on."

She opens one eye and bites her bottom lip as embarrassment flushes her face and I can't help but smile. 

"You are beautiful you know that," I compliment. She shakes her head and looks down. I chuckle at her embarrassment, she turns an even darker shade of pink. 

"Shut up and kiss me," she says pulling me by my shirt to her lips. I move my hand up her exposed leg and move the fabric of her dress out of the way with my other hand. 

Hearing her tell me she's turned on is the sexiest thing I've ever heard. Her shyness and embarrassment is alluring and sexy. I may be experienced but she can still make me feel like a horny teenager and she doesn't even know it. 

Her hands move down my chest to unbutton my shirt, I move my hand to the zip at the side of her dress and slowly unzip her dress. She pulls away from the kiss and moves to pull her arm out of the sleeve of the dress. Leaning down I kiss her shoulder to her neck. Once her arm is free I feel her start to unbuckle my belt. I don't think I've ever felt her to be so confident in her actions towards me. Luckily she's not had a lot to drink so I know that this isn't alcohol fueled which I wouldn't want. 

I pull away as her dress slips down to her waist to see she's wearing a white lace strapless bra that has extra fabric under her bust. I look down at her legs and lift the fabric of her dress up slightly to see she has matching knickers on from the small bit of fabric I can see. She clears her throat drawing my attention back to her. 

"See something you like?" she asks with a small smile. 

"I was just seeing if the knickers match," I state.

"Yes, I bought them with you in mind," she states, "I'm glad you like them," she adds and moves her hands down my body to the band of my boxers. 

"I like them very much, even better off," I state and move her back so that she's leaning back on the desk. I lift her hips up and pull her knickers down. I move back to kiss her on the lips. I pull back and look at her to see the lust in her eyes with a hint of nerves. Her tongue darts out to wet her lips ever so slightly. I can hear her breath quicken and I'm not sure if it's from arousal or nervousness.

Kissing down her chest, I gently pull the cups of her bra down and take one of her breasts in my hand and tease her dusty pink nipple while taking her other into my mouth. She moans and I can't help but be pleased. I enjoy pleasuring her, with other women I rarely wanted to pleasure them it was more I did it to get mine. With Megan I could pleasure her all night long without expecting anything in return. 

My free hand trails up and down her leg, I love her legs, and when she wears heels they go on for days. Lifting it up she rests her foot on the chair and I take that as a sign she wants me to go further. 

Her hand moves into my hair as my hand trails further up her leg. I caress the inner part of her thigh before moving my thumb to her sensitive clit. She moans my name and if my dick could get any harder it would. She's so responsive and I love it. She pulls on my hair slightly as I circle her clit with my thumb and her entrance with my finger. Slowly I enter her tight pussy with my finger gaining another delicious sound from her. 

Moving my finger in and out I enter another digit as her body becomes a little more relaxed. I kiss back up her chest to silence her moans with a kiss. Her hand moves through my hair as she kisses me back. I pull back and place kisses down her chest but go further, down to her stomach. I glance up at her to see her watching me with the same heated look with a hint of nerves like she had only moments ago. 

Kissing her knee I trail kisses up her smooth thigh, letting her know my intentions. I pause giving her the chance to stop me. She doesn't, in fact she moves her hips up a little. Licking her inner thigh I pull my hand away before giving her pink flesh a taste enticing a small whimper of pleasure from her. I start slow making her pleasure start at a slow burn. 

"Logan," she moans, "more," and at her request I'm happy to oblige. 

Megan's hand moves through my hair as her climax builds. I know she's close, she did this last time, and her moans change to this cute and sexy little whimper. Her grip tightens on my hair and she climaxes.

I kiss back up her body as she catches her breath and I'm not going to lie my ego just grew. I feel like I need to give myself a pat on the back. Kissing up her neck I go to her ear. 

"You ok?" I ask. She nods, I look at her to see her eyes are closed. She opens them and gives me a lazy smile her cheeks and neck flushed pink.

"That was perfect," she says as she lazily touches my bare chest. I stand straight and take her hands in mine to pull her up. I move her hair from her face and kiss her. One of her hands moves down to my boxers and I think of stopping her but last time she looked almost hurt at the fact I told her she didn't have to. 

She pulls away and kisses a path down to my neck as her hand pulls my boxers down freeing my dick. Saying I'm hard right now would be an understatement, I've been hard the moment I saw her in this dress. I place my hands on her chest as she starts to massage my dick. 

"Logan," she says catching my attention. I move my hand to her chin and tilt her head up to look at her. "I want to go further," she admits. I kiss the top of her head "Can we?" she asks and I know exactly what she's asking. "I know you said we were to wait until I finish school, but I'm old enough and I know I want to," she explains. 

"I want to too, but not here," I state and I feel her disappointment as she sighs. "You're worth more than a quickie on a desk at a party," I state and she looks up at me, those emerald green eyes are my undoing everytime. I'm stating the truth, she's worth more to me than this. I'd rather take my time with her. 

"Ok," is all she says. 

Like before I want to pleasure her too. It's the hottest thing when I'm able to watch her orgasm as she gets me to come. I move a hand down to her wet core. She moans as I enter with two fingers. I look at her to see it's a moan of pleasure. She smiles and leans in to kiss me. My other hand I move to cup her jaw as I kiss her. 

"Logan," she pants and her hand moves faster, I match her pace. 

"Come for me Megan," I say. She looks me in the eyes and I can feel my orgasm on the brink. 

"Fuck," is all I can say and then I hear it. 

The door opens.
###chapter 132
**Logan**

"Megan are you, oh my god I'm so sorry," I hear Melanie say. I sigh as I feel Megan freeze, I look down at her knowing Melanie can't see it's her. "As if," I hear Melanie say, "You and Megan just broke up," she snaps. I look at Megan to see her holding her dress up. I grab my trouser and place my blue balled dick back in my boxers. Megan moves me to the side a little so she can show Melanie it's her. "Megan?" 

"Hi," she says while moving her dress skirt back in place and hopping off the desk.

"I see, you're back together, great," Melanie snides and I hear her shut the door. I look behind me to see she's gone. Megan sighs and leans her head against my chest.

"Fuck sake," she groans. I chuckle and buckle my belt. 

"Took the words right out of my mouth," I state.

"I have to go after her don't I?" she asks. 

"Yes, she obviously wanted to talk to you about something," I answered and move away from her to one of the panels at the wall. I push on it to reveal a toilet and sink. She raises an eyebrow. "This estate belongs to me too," I state and she laughs. 

"Of course it does," she says and walks up to the sink to wash her hands. I do the same. "I'm sorry," she suddenly says and I frown at her. "That you didn't get to finish," 

"It's completely fine, we'll continue this later," I say and kiss her on the lips. She smiles and checks her hair in the mirror. "You look beautiful, now go after her before I keep you here," I state. She gives me a quick smile before running out the door. The truth is I need to relieve myself, I can't go back out like this. I look at the desk to see her knickers are on the floor and I can't help but smile to myself. I wonder how long it will be until she realises. 

**Megan**

I walk into the ballroom to see the crowd had thinned out a little. Composing myself I look around for anyone I know and I see Yasmin stood with Carl at a high table. I quickly walk over and take a drink from a server as I get to them. 

"Have you seen Melanie?" I ask. Yasmin turns to me and frowns. 

"She was looking for you, where have you been?" she asks and before I can answer Carl buts in. 

"Oh I know that look, that post-orgasm glow, you've been getting dirty," he mocks and I tap his arm with the back of my hand as I feel myself get embarrassed. 

"No," Yasmin states in disbelief and looks from me to Carl. "You sly minx," Yasmin says shocked. 

"Melanie, have you seen her? Since she was looking for me," I ask and down my glass of wine. Carl tilts his head and then laughs. "No, whatever you are thinking stop," I state. 

"What?" Yasmin asks looking between us both. 

"Melanie walked in on them, let me guess Logan has blue balls now?" he asks and Yasmin giggles.

"You two are no help," I say, shaking my head at them and turn to scour the room for her. I sigh and move my hand through my hair. Carl grins at me and I roll my eyes at him. He's so carefree, I would have never guessed he had gone through such a terrible ordeal. I give him a small smile and look back out at the sea of people. I then notice her walking out of the doors that lead out onto a terrace. Walking quickly I set off to talk to her. 

If I'm completely honest I'm scared she's going to make me choose between them both, that she'll make it so I can't be with him and I don't know what I'll do if she does that. 

Walking out, I quickly wrap my arms around myself at the small chill in the air, it is then I realise I'm not wearing underwear. I feel a little embarrassed. I wonder if people can tell, I look down in interest and then behind me and back inside to see Logan stood staring at me. He gives me a knowing smirk before looking away. I feel myself becoming even more flushed, I look ahead of me and take a deep breath. If I calm my emotions no one could possibly tell that I'm commando right now. 

Focusing my attention back on Melanie, I see her stood at the wall looking out at the gardens and night sky. I stand next to her and nudge her with my shoulder a little. She looks at me and sighs. 

"I don't want to hear it," she states. 

"Melanie, don't be like that,"

"Like what Megan, he treats you like shit, he hurts you all the time," she snaps and walks away from me to walk down the steps to the garden. I follow her so we're out of earshot of other people. I sit next to her on the bench. "Why didn't you tell me you were back together?" she asks quietly. 

"A few reasons really," I sigh looking down at my hands. "The main one been his uncle. We were trying to keep it a secret from him as he was the reason we broke up in the first place. And the other is because I just knew you wouldn't be happy about it. You're my best friend and I really like Logan, he makes me happy, confident and me. I've not felt like myself since my mom died and I forgot how it felt," I explain. She looks at me and I look at her.

"I'm sorry I kissed you," she says guiltily. I laugh a little and place my hand on hers. 

"Don't be, it doesn't bother me, it shocked me but it's not something you have to apologise for," I say. 

"I don't even know where it came from, I just know I have feelings for you but it confuses me because I know I like men," she says in confusion. I sigh and give her hand a small squeeze. "I feel like I'm too old for this confusing phase," she states.

"How? People go through this stage all the time, there's nothing to say what age you should go through it, I've had it, it was with you actually. I told my mom and she told me it was ok and to keep her updated. About a month later I got asked out by Tyler and my mom just told me the same thing I'm going to tell you," I say and pause. 

"What did she say?" she asks. 

"She said she thinks everyone likes their best friend at some point in their life whether they be male or female, it's just our brains can't always determine what kind of love we have for them and when it does, we'll know," I explain. "Don't get too hung up on the label, just be you," I say. 

"How did you know that you weren't actually attracted to me?" she asks. 

"When I fell for Tyler, I just knew what I felt for him was different to how I felt for you and given you're the only girl I've found remotely attractive I kind of knew that it was a phase," I explain. "Are there any other women you like?" I ask. She sighs and looks down in thought.

"I'm not sure," she states. 

"I'm not sure what to tell you, maybe talk to Carl, or talk to your mom," I say unsure if the advice I'm giving her is the right advice. "I'm being a shit friend aren't I?" I state. 

"No, you're right, my mom is really open-minded, so I know she'll help me, I'm just confused, I guess it's more I need to find out for myself," she explains. 

"If you want to put a name to it I'd say you're more bi-curious," I pause "that's a thing, right?" I ask and she laughs. 

"He really makes you happy?" she asks. I nod and smile a little. "Even after everything he's done," 

"Yes, he made one mistake, the rest is just his character and I'm ok with it, I know he'll always protect me and I feel that's what I need," I state and look back towards the Manor to see him stood watching us, David is stood next to him and it looks like he's telling him something as Logan nods along. 

"As long as you're happy, I'm happy but if he hurts you, I'll hurt him," she threatens and I laugh. 

"So does this mean you'll try to get on with him?" I ask. 

"Yes, we have a common ally that we both care for so I can do it for you," she admits and I smile and give her a hug. She laughs and hugs me back. "So you and him have finally had sex?" she asks. 

"No," I say quickly, pulling away to look at her. She tilts her head at me. "We were doing other stuff," I mutter and feel my face heat up and she laughs. 

"I see," she states laughing. "He does look very dapper in that tux although he's now missing his bowtie, he looks even hotter," she states. 

"He does, what's annoying is he knows he looks good," 

"Does he or is it more that he doesn't care?" she asks and I shrug. 

"I'm not sure, all I'm sure of is that I can't wait to get him naked," I say dreamily and she laughs. 

"Seems he's turned you into a pervert," she says standing up. I stand and follow her to the steps. 

"Only for him," I say as we walk towards Logan. He gives us both a small smile and then turns to David. 

"Go dance with your wife before she kills me for taking up all your time," he chuckles in response and walks away. Logan turns back to Melanie and I. "Are we back friends?" he asks. "Everything is sorted?" he adds. 

"Yes and yes," I say moving my hand into his. He smiles and looks at Melanie. 

"Are you ok?" he asks. 

"Yes, she has agreed to be nice to you as long as you're good," I say happily. It's honestly a relief to know that they might actually get on. 

"So forever?" he asks with a grin. Melanie shakes her head a little and then gives me a hug. 

"I better go apologise to my boyfriend, I've been a total bitch these past two weeks," she states and walks away from us back inside the manor. Looking at Logan I narrow my eyes slightly. 

"Do you have my underwear?" I ask quietly so no one can hear. He laughs and holds my white panties up at me. I snatch them out of his hand before anyone can see. 

"I was wondering when you'd notice actually," he states. 

"Not funny," I pause and look around. "Cover me while I put them back on," I state turning him around. 

"What's the point? I intend to take them off again later," he states and I almost fall over at his statement as I move my legs to put my panties on.

"Someone's fairly confident," I state moving my arm into his once I've righted my dress.
###chapter 133
**Megan**

Taking my earrings out, I look at myself in the vanity mirror. Tomorrow we fly back home and I'm not sure how I feel about that. Logan has told me there will be measures in place to keep me safe but in all honesty I'm scared. If he gets me this time I know he will kill me. The thought of my father just waiting to grab me, I've tried my best not to even think about it in the remaining time we've got left here just because I know where my thoughts will go. I know how depressed I'll be.

My bedroom door opens. I look in the mirror to see it's Logan. He walks towards me and sits on the buffet next to me. He kisses my exposed shoulder and then moves my hand into his. 

"Are there still people downstairs?" I ask. 

"No, they're all heading home as we speak," he states "What are you doing?" he asks. 

"I was about to take my make-up off and get ready for bed," I state.

"Oh," he states, frowning a little. I smile and move closer to him.

"And then hopefully finish what we started earlier," I continue before pressing my lips to his.I feel him smile and then move his hands to my neck.

"You read my mind," he states and then kisses my lips before pulling fully away from me. "But leave your makeup and dress on, I want you to come with me," he states while he holds his hand out for me. I frown and stand up as I take his hand. 

"Where are we going?" I ask as he leads me out of my bedroom. 

"To my room," he states and then I hear giggling. I look behind me to see Yasmin with Carl. I raise my eyebrows as I watch them kiss. Logan tilts his head before shrugging and walking towards his room. 

"She's most likely going to regret tonight," I say in thought. 

"I doubt it," he states and makes me stand in front of him.

"What do you mean?" I ask. 

"There's chemistry between them, they probably both deny it but he's into her more than he lets on," he explains. "Now close your eyes I have a surprise for you," I frown and close my eyes for him. I feel his hands move over my eyes and then hear the bedroom door open. He walks me into the room and I hear the door shut behind him. "Ok," he says and he sounds nervous. I smile a little and place my hand onto his. 

"Can I see yet?" I ask. 

"I've never done anything like this before, I feel like I'm being a big ball of cheese," he states and I giggle. "Ok," he says again and I feel his hand move away. "Open," 

I do as he says and see the room illuminated by candle light. There's candles all over. Some large, some small, lighting the room into a warm dim glow. He moves his hand into mine making me look at him. 

"You're my cheese ball and I love it," I say with a smile and kiss him on the lips. He visibly relaxes and gives me a lopsided smile. "You do the most random romantic things," I say, turning to look at him. 

"Do you like it?" he asks. 

"I could get used to it," I state and kiss him. I feel his hands move to my waist and pull me closer to him. 

My nerves kick in as I feel his body against mine. After what I said to him earlier I know what is going to happen and it makes me nervous. Not because I don't want to but because of my own fears. I know he would stop if I asked him to and I know that if I said to him I didn't want to, that he wouldn't pressure me. He then pulls back. 

"One sec," he says walking to the door and locking it, after earlier I don't want anyone walking in on us. I nod as he stands in front of me. "What's wrong?" he asks moving his hands through my hair and making me look at him. 

"I'm nervous," I say honestly and move my hands down his chest. 

"Ok," he says. 

"A good nervous though, I meant what I said earlier, I'm just nervous is all," I explain. 

"Is there anything I can do?" he asks. 

"No, I think it's normal," I say with a small smile and unbutton the top buttons of his shirt. 

"It is," he says and I look up at him. He leans forward and kisses the top of my head. I smile a little and move onto my tiptoes to kiss him on the lips. The kiss is slow, he's kissing me back but not taking control and I know he's doing it to calm me. 

His hands move down to my waist and slowly pull the zip of my dress down. His actions are slow and methodical, giving me a chance to stop him if I want to. Slowly I start to unbutton down his shirt, my hands are a little shaky causing me to take longer than it did in the study. 

We move towards the bed and I'm finally able to get his shirt off. He pulls away from me and guides my dress down. This I think will always make me nervous. My scars are far from fading and I can't help but want to cover myself. I close my eyes and rest my head against his bare chest. 

"Sorry," I say quietly. "I just hate the way my body looks," I say and move my hands up his muscular chest. 

"I don't," he says and makes me look him in the eyes. I give him a small smile. "I love your body, you're sexy as hell, was it not evident downstairs?" he asks and I smile at him. "Everytime I look at you I want you," he states. 

I feel myself blush before moving to kiss him. He kisses me back only this time with a little more force than before. I pull the sleeve of my dress off and pull the rest of my zipper down revealing my white bra. His hands move down from my neck to my waist and he presses my body to his. I feel his erection pressed against my stomach as I feel him move my dress down my body. His hands cup my butt when my dress drops at my feet. 

Logan lifts me up and I wrap my legs around his waist. I pull back from the kiss and move my hands through his hair as I look down at him. He has one hand holding me to him at my butt and one hand at the back of my neck.

"Are you sure about this?" he asks. 

"Never been so sure of anything in my life," I reply and kiss him. I feel him move onto the bed and slowly lay me down on it.

He pulls away from me and stands at the end of the bed. I watch him unbuckle his belt as he looks down at my body. Taking in the underwear I'm wearing. 

The truth is I bought this with this night in mind. I decided yesterday that I wanted this and I bought this while shopping. I can't help but feel how true his words are when he looks at me with such hunger in his eyes. They're dark with arousal and need. He looks like danger and sex all rolled into one and I'm turned on even more by him. 

Logan's trousers drop and he moves onto the bed. Moving his hands up my legs to my white lace thong. He trails hot kisses up my stomach to my neck and then below my ear. I move my hands down his chest to his boxers and back moving my fingers over his nipples. He hooks his fingers into the waistband of my panties and before he pulls them down he whispers in my ear. 

"I told you I'd be taking them off again," he states and he licks my neck and I can't help but smile and feel my body respond to his statement. 

A soft moan passes my lips as I feel his body pressed against mine and his lips at my chest. I move up onto my elbows. He stops and looks at me before kissing me. I moan and feel him push me back. I wrap my arms around his neck as I kiss him back. 

"Megan," he says pulling away from me and moving a hand up my leg. 

"Hmm," I answer as I kiss his neck and move a hand down to his boxers. 

"We can stop whenever you want," he states. I stop and look at him. 

"I don't want to," I state. 

"I know I'm just letting you know that we can," he states. "If you say stop I will," he adds.

"I know you will." I say with conviction. He sighs in relief and he looks like a weight has lifted off him. I smile and kiss him on the lips. "Now stop stalling," I say against his lips. He chuckles and kisses down my neck as his hand moves to my sex. I feel his fingers at my entrance and then move up to my clit. 

"Fuck I love how responsive you are," he says to me before moving the cups of my lace bra down and licking my nipple. I moan in response. 

Then there's a loud knock on the door making me jump. He stops and looks at me. I gulp as fear takes hold of me. 

"Logan open the fuck up," I hear Carl demand and then more knocking. I move away from Logan and try to cover myself as I feel my fear rise. He tries the door and I feel my mouth go dry. 

The last time I was in the position it was with Tyler and my father walked in on us. Logan gets up and walks to the door unlocking it and storming out. 

"Fuck all I need is some condoms, what's crawled up your arse," I hear Carl "It's not like you're using them," he adds. 

There's a pause and then the door opens again. Logan walks in shutting the door and walking towards the bedside table. He looks at me and I quickly look away. I want the bed to swallow me up. My fear is a complete arsehole.
###chapter 134
**Megan**

I close my eyes as I try to calm my emotions and all that is happening is the images of what happened last time with Tyler. Taking a deep breath I try to beg my mind and body not to go in complete shut down. Why does this always happen? In Paris it happened and I know Logan won't be happy. 

I feel the bed weigh down and then something goes over my body. I open my eyes to see Logan had moved his shirt over my body. I look at him, he gives me a small smile and reaches over to wipe my cheeks. I didn't even realise I was crying. 

"I'm-" I start and he interrupts me. 

"Don't you dare apologise," he orders. I smirk in response as he carries on wiping my cheek. 

"I don't understand this," I say quietly. 

"You don't have to understand anything right now." 

"I just had a flashback of what happened when Benjamin walked in on Tyler and I and my fear just took over," I confess. "I knew it was Carl and I knew that he wouldn't hurt me, I just panicked and fear took over me," I explain. 

"Ok," is all he says. I look down at myself and then look back at him. 

"Are you annoyed with me?" I ask. He sighs and then looks at me. 

"No, I'm annoyed at Carl for interrupting us," he pauses and places his hand on my leg. "Not with you, do you wanna wear my shirt to bed?" he asks and I frown.

"No," I reply and move it off my body and move onto his lap straddling him. 

"Megan," he says, "What are you doing?" 

I move my arms around his neck and look him straight in the eyes. His crystal blue eyes look at me in confusion. If he thinks I'm not going to go through with tonight he is sadly mistaken. I want him and judging by the feel of him he wants me too.

"I want to continue," I state.

"Do you think that's a good idea?" he asks. I move his hands to my hips and then move one of my hands inside his boxers. He grips my hips a little firmer. 

"Yes, I do," I reply as I skim my lips with his. 

He groans as I move my fingers over his cock and I can't help but smirk at his reaction and the fact I'm able to pleasure him. I take my hand out of his boxers leaving him hard and ready. He's quite big and I do wonder how much it is going to hurt. I take my hands from him and unclasp my bra. Logan moves my straps down my arms and pulls me close to him. 

"Are you teasing me?" he asks. I smile in response and kiss up his neck. 

"Maybe," I say in his ear and take my bra fully off. 

Logan pulls away from me and reaches towards the drawers. He opens one and pulls out a pack of condoms. I feel my nervousness heighten in response. He looks at me as he takes one out of the box. 

"Are you sure?" he asks and I nod as I move my hands down to the waistband of his boxers. It's like he knows what I'm thinking all the time. 

"I'm on the pill," I say.

"I know," he states and I frown at him. 

"I just thought you would want me to wear one anyway," he states. I smile a little and shake my head. 

"It's fine, I trust you," I say and he smirks. 

"That's good," he states and places the condoms back. He moves his hands down my body as he leans in and kisses me. His tongue tangles with mine as he moves a hand to my core. I moan in response to his fingers at my clit, making me wetter. 

Lifting me up Logan moves back on the bed, pulling me with him and laying us down. I pull away and sit up so I'm straddling him. He moves up onto his forearms and moves a hand through my hair. 

"You're beautiful," he states and pulls me in for a kiss. His erection is pressed against my clit, the thin cloth of his boxers the only thing between us. I rock my hips a little causing a groan from him and a moan from me. 

"Logan," I say between our kisses. He holds me closer to him and flips us so I'm beneath him. He kisses down my body to my sex. My body trembles with pleasure at the feel of his tongue circling my clit and the feel of his fingers at my entrance. I run my hand through his hair as pleasure builds. It's as if he knows exactly what my body wants and needs. His fingers move inside me, bending and hitting my G-spot, as his mouth works wonders on my clit. 

My orgasm builds and washes over me like a wave, I cry out his name and twist the bed sheets in my hands. 

Pulling away from me he stands at the end of the bed and looks down at me as he pulls his boxers down. My eyes meet his as I feel my orgasm ebb away.

"You're so sexy," he says as he moves his hand to his big cock. 

I wet my lip and glance down at him, this is probably the first time I've looked at him naked and admired him. His cock is big and thick. I notice the slight bit of moisture at the tip and I can't help but want to pleasure him also. I reach out for him. He moves onto the bed and leans over me kissing my neck up to my ear. Moving my hands to his back I trail my fingers down his spine to his hips and then move my hands up the front of his abdomen feeling his muscles tense under my touch. 

Hooking one of my legs up around his waist, I feel him pull back a little. He looks down at our bodies. I follow his gaze and I gulp down the lump in my throat as nerves set in. His cock is only inches from me and I'm not sure if I'm nervous or excited or both.

"Are you sure about this?" he asks. I look up at him and then press my lips to his. 

"I've never been so sure of anything in my life, I want this Logan, I want you inside of me," I say and at that I feel his cock twitch against my thigh. 

"We can stop at any time just say, ok?" he asks. I nod and move my hips forward a little making my core graze the tip of his cock ever so slightly. I watch his eyes close and he bites his bottom lip. I smile a little at knowing I make him feel something similar to how he makes me feel. "You're going to drive me crazy if you do that again," he says and licks my ear. I moan and move to kiss him. He reaches for the pillow next to me. 

"Lift up your hips," I do as he says and he places the pillow under my hips. I frown and look at him. "You'll see," he states and moves his hand up my thigh. I move my hand up to his hair and move my fingers through it. 

Logan kisses my wrist and up my arm all the while I feel his cock press against my core. I moan as his lips meet mine and his cock pushes at my entrance. I close my eyes and try my best to relax my body and my feelings. Slowly he thrusts into me. I moan at the sensation of my body adjusting to the intrusion. He pulls away from the kiss. 

"Breathe," he tells me, I nod in response and slowly let out the breath I didn't realise I was holding. I feel him wipe moisture from my cheek. I didn't even realise I had started crying. "Do you want to stop?" he asks. I shake my head. 

"Just give me a minute," I say and open my eyes to look at him. I kept my eyes shut out of fear and I'm not sure why. His ocean blue eyes stare into mine. 

"It's ok," he says and I know he's wanting to reassure me. 

"I know," I say quietly. "I'm ok," I say, letting out another deep breath. 

My mind had made me think that this would hurt and that he'd be rough and made me think so many other things, but the way he's looking at me. The gentleness in his eyes and face tell me he's nothing like that, that he wants me to enjoy this and not feel anything but pleasure. 

"Do you want me to continue?" he asks. I nod and press my lips to his and move my hand down his chest. "Ok," he says quietly and slowly starts to move out of me. He moves until the tip of his cock is at my entrance and then thrusts slowly back in. I moan and he does it again only a little faster. 

My body starts to relax as pleasure builds inside of me. Moving my hands round to his back I hold him closer to me. Slowly I move my hips and try my best to match his rhythm. I don't think I'll ever feel confident enough to take the lead but I know I can't just lay here. Although the movement is coming naturally and it's liberating to know that I'm not defected.

One of his hands moves down to my thigh to move my leg up a little more. He pulls away from the kiss and moves so that he's sat back and his knees are under my hips a little. He looks down at me and positions my leg over his shoulder. I feel myself blush at the fact my body is on display to him, not that I can't see him either. His chest, abs and I know if I look down I will see him and I together. He moves a hand down my chest as he rocks in and out of my core slowly. 

"You are beautiful," he says as if reading my mind. Having him not as close to me does feel better, I don't feel as claustrophobic. 

His hand moves from my chest down my body to my clit. He circles my clit with his thumb over and over making my orgasm build as he thrusts faster into me. 

"Logan," I moan as the pleasure blooms throughout my body, I grip the bed sheet and the pillow in my hands as my body pulses. He grips my leg as it shakes. "Oh god, Logan," I whimper in pleasure. 

"Come for me Megan," he pants. My eyes slowly meet his and I can see him watching me. I nod a little in response and feel him rub my clit between his thumb and finger. "Let go, it's ok." he states. 

"Yeah," I pant and his thrusts slowly become harder as I feel my climax come through me. I climax with a loud moan. My walls tighten around his thick cock and my back arches, my toes curl and my eyes flutter close as pleasure washes over me. I feel him come too. I feel the warmth of him inside me.

"Fuck," is all he says on an intake of breath before moving forward and capturing my lips with his. He groans into the kiss. I move my arms around his neck and feel him slowly pull away. "Breathe," he tells me and I smile a little in response. 

Logan slowly moves out of me and then lays next to me. I close my eyes as I try to calm my breathing and acknowledge that I'd just had sex willingly for the first time and it was everything. 

I jump when I feel cloth on my stomach. I open my eyes and look to see Logan looking at me. I give him a small smile and blush a little. 

"Hi," he says and I feel him move the cloth up my leg. I look down and see he has a small flannel in his hand. He wipes it across my core and it's then I realise what he's doing. He's cleaning our mess. 

"Hi," I say looking back up at him. 

"So that was" he strails off and I feel his hand stroke up and down my stomach.

"Better than I expected," I admit and he smiles and lays down next to me.

"I was thinking along the lines of amazing but that works too," he says and moves me towards him so that I'm laid on his chest. 

"You know what I mean," I say and look down at him. He moves his fingers through my hair and looks me in the eyes. 

"Yeah I do, and that's what made it so good, you've given me so much of your trust and that means something," he states and tilts my chin up. "You're amazing," he adds. I smile and lean in to kiss him. I pull back and lay on my back. I can't help but smile at myself for overcoming my fear. Maybe I have a chance at being normal.
###chapter 135
**Megan**

Logan wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me close to his body. We talked for an hour before I started to feel tired. He had wrapped a sheet around us both covering our naked bodies. I never thought I'd be comfortable with my own naked body again, never mind being naked with a man. He knows how to make me feel normal. I thought I'd feel ashamed of what we have done, but I don't.

Heat spreads down my chest to my stomach then my core as I feel Logan's lips at the nape of my neck. Opening my eyes, I look at the candle burning on the nightstand next to the bed. It seems he has other things on his mind, and one of them isn't sleeping. I thought he'd want to sleep, with us having to get up early for our flight. 

"We have an early flight, you know," I say as his hand moves to my breasts. His fingers tease my nipple.

"It's a private jet we can fly whenever we want," he says between kisses. I chuckle and turn to look at him. "What it's true," he pauses, "plus I own it, it can't go anywhere without my say so," he states, and I shake my head. He leans forward and kisses me on the lips. 

His fingers give my nipple a little squeeze. I respond by holding his lower lips between my teeth. He groans as I slowly let go and move my hand up through his hair to press him to me. 

"By that logic, we could stay in here all month," I say against his lips and feel his fingers at my sex. Moaning, I lift my leg a little, giving him better access. His fingers move through my lips, and I can't help but whimper and blush at knowing how wet I have become from just this.

"Fuck I love how wet you get," he groans. I then feel his erection press against me. "I need to be inside you," I nod in response and feel him move my leg over his. 

Logan enters me from behind, and I moan at the feel of him. Tilting my head back, he kisses my neck, and I feel his other hand move under me to come round and tease my breasts. He holds my leg up and thrusts into me. I move my hand up to hold onto him as I meet him thrust for thrust.

A sheen of sweat covers our bodies as pleasure grows more intense. The only sounds in the room are the ones coming from us, and all it does is turn me on more. I'm not sure if it's because I'm more relaxed than before or maybe the position, but this feels more intense if anything hotter. 

He pulls away and looks me in the eyes. His hand moves up to my neck to make me stay looking at him. Gripping his shoulder, I try to hold back my orgasm, not wanting to come so soon, but I can't help it. 

"Oh God," I moan, and I feel myself scratch his back as my orgasm rushes through me. He continues at a slower speed as I come down from my orgasm.

"You're hot as hell when you come," he states, "I want to see it again," he says. I lick my lips and feel him move faster and harder. His fingers rub at my clit, and he kisses my neck. 

My body shakes as another orgasm starts to build. I kiss up to his ear and then give the skin below it a little nibble. He groans in response and bites my neck in return. 

"Logan," I pant. He looks at me, and I see the lustful look in his eyes. 

"Fuck, you feel good," he groans, and I feel my spine tingle and then wetness between my legs as I scream and come harder than I ever have with him before. His climax follows mine, and then he collapses back panting, and I do the same. "Fuck me that was good," he says out of breath. 

I have my eyes closed as I try to cool and calm my body down. I can still feel my legs spasming. 

"Staying in here for the next month sounds like a decent plan," he says, and I laugh. 

"Yeah it does," I reply and feel his arm go over my waist and his lips at my shoulder. 

"You ok?" he asks. I open my eyes and feel myself blush. I'm not sure I want to tell him that I think I orgasmed so hard I peed. He frowns at me."Megan," 

"I'm fine," I say.

"Oh shit," he says. I look at him to see worry go clear over his face. "I was too rough wasn't I," he sits up and moves away from me, "I'm such a fucking idiot,"

"What?" I ask. "No you weren't, I just" I look away from him and sigh. I could not be any more embarrassed right now. 

"What is it?" he asks with worry evident on his face. 

"I'm all wet," I say and cover my face with my hand as my whole face burns with embarrassment. 

"What?" he asks, and I feel him touch my leg, "Oh," he says, I part my fingers to look at him a little to see a smirk on his face. "You are the sexiest woman I've ever god damn met," he states and moves my hands from my face and kisses me. 

"Ew," I say as I pull back. 

"Megan, it's fine," he states. "Not every woman experiences it, but it's normal," he says.

"To pee?" I frown at him in question. 

"What no, you didn't pee, well no one knows what it is, the common name for it is squirting," he states to me, and I frown at him. 

"I don't understand," I state.

"All you need to understand is that it's ok and not something to be embarrassed about," he states, moving my hair from my face. "Ok?" he asks, and I nod. "Why don't we shower and then go to sleep?" he asks. I nod. I slowly move to the end of the bed and stand; my legs shake a little. His hands rest on my hips to steady me. 

We walk into the bathroom, and it's a big bathroom. There's a white clawfoot tub in the middle. The shower is in the corner, and it's big enough for me to lay down in it, I notice there are two shower heads, and there are different sprayers in the wall. The floor is black marble, and the walls are brilliant white. We move further in, and I see two sinks in front of a large mirror. Logan moves towards the shower and turns it on, and I raise an eyebrow as he presses a few buttons on the wall. The shower turns on, and I watch as the power increases a little. He looks at me and holds his hand out for me. I take it, and he looks at the remote and then points at a few buttons letting me know which one does what. He tells me where the towels are and then leaves me to shower. 

**Logan**

Sitting down on the bed I look down at my dick, I'd just changed the sheets, and I'd managed to stay limp enough to do it. How the hell am I still hard? I know why it's because my girlfriend is hot as hell. Everything about her turns me on. The fact she was nervous, her embarrassment, the noises she makes, and just her, it all turns me on. 

When I'd hurt her, I felt like jumping out of the window, but to find out she'd ejaculated I nearly retook her. She looked cute as hell, all embarrassed, and I'm not going to lie, it boosted my ego. It's only happened a few times with other women. I wonder if she realised she asked me to go harder. I don't think she'd want it rough, but I guess I was wrong. 

"Why won't you go down," I say to my penis. "If I wanted to go all night you probably wouldn't play ball," I growl and lay back on the bed. I need to think of something else and not walk into the bathroom and share a shower with her. I sigh and stand up. Just because I want to have sex with her doesn't mean I should, I could just go in and have a shower with her. I have good will power. 

Before I know it, I'm stood in the bathroom watching her shower. I walk towards her and open the glass door. She turns and looks at me as the water runs over her hair. 

"Hey," I say. She smiles and gazes down my body. 

I press the button to turn the other showerhead on, and water runs down my body, the hot water warming me up. I need a cold shower if anything-an Ice cold one. Heck, maybe an ice bath might just do it. 

She turns so her back is to me and I can't help but watch shampoo suds run down her back to her butt. 

This was a bad idea.

Megan turns and walks towards me and moves a loofa over my body. I look down to see it covered in bubbles. 

"I was wondering when you'd be joining me," she states, and I look at her to see her give me a small smile. "I've just about finished," she says as she moves the loofa down my arm and lazily over my stomach. Her other hand moves the bubbles down, and I feel her fingers move over my dick. I look down and see her hand move down to cup my balls. 

"I was debating on coming in," I state, licking my lips and moving my hands to her hips. She sinks to her knees and washes my legs with the loofa and then stands and moves in to kiss me. 

"Turn around," she says just before her lips touch mine. I look into her eyes. "Logan," she tells me. I smirk and turn around. I hear her take some more shower gel and then feel her clean my shoulders and back. Shower sex isn't always great, but I think with her any sex will be amazing. Her hands move down to my butt and then round to my front. I look down to see the loofa is gone and it's just her hands covered in bubbles. She takes my dick in her hands, massages the soap along the length while her other hand moves to my balls stroking the aroused fire within me.

"Megan," I breathe, "you already did there," I state. 

"I know, I'm just making sure you're clean," she says. Her hands slide up and across my pelvis to my hips. "You can turn back around now," she orders, I do as I'm told, and she pulls me by my arm back under the hot spray. "All done," she says as she watches the soapy bubbles move down my body. I move forward and place my hand on her bum, pulling her towards my body. 

"Let me thank you," I say and press her against the tiled wall. She looks up at me and moves her arms around my neck, I lift her, and her legs move around my hips. 

Pressing my lips to hers, I can't help but push my tongue past her lips. She moans as I move a hand to her sex, and I feel just how wet she is, and my god is she. I want nothing more than to get on my knees and worship her with my tongue, but I know I need to be inside her again. 

My dick is hard as stone as I move it in line with her core. She moans as I swirl my tip at her entrance and then with a long hard, fast thrust I'm inside her again. She pulls on my hair, making the kiss break. 

"Logan, again," she tells me, and I do as the water beats down on us.
###chapter 136
  

**Logan**

I look at Megan as she lays next to me asleep. When we finished in the shower, I had to stay in for an extra few minutes just to run it on cold for a bit. I never thought I'd meet anyone who could be so perfect for me.

We came to bed afterwards, and she had put on my shirt. My cock seemed to have thought that was a hint to round 4. I decided to put my boxers on because it just wasn't going to happen, no matter how much I wanted to bury myself inside of her. Megan however, didn't miss my erection, and she offered to help me out. 

"No, it's just been a delinquent, you'd think I'd never had sex before," I replied to her. She just chuckled and laid her head on my chest. "I don't know what it is, I've not been this horny since Carl once spiked my drink with a couple of pills of viagra as a joke." She laughs and moves her hand over my stomach as I trail my finger up and down her arm. It wasn't long after that she fell asleep, and I've still got a hard-on. 

Slowly, I move my arm out from under her and get out of bed. Maybe a drink will help. 

Making my way downstairs into the kitchen, I make myself a glass of water. I sigh and look down at myself.

"Why?" I ask, and I've never hated my dick so much. 

"Logan," I hear David say. I freeze and close my eyes. Great, could this be any more embarrassing?. "Is everything ok?" he asks. 

"Yeah," I say, not turning away from the sink and down my glass of water. 

"I hope you were a gentleman," he says. I sigh and move to the island counter without turning to sit down on one of the stools. 

"I hope so too, I tried to be," I say looking at him, he's wearing a pair of black bottoms and a white vest top. He nods and walks to the sink. 

"So why are you down here and not with Megan right now?" he asks.

"I'm trying to be a gentleman," I answer and look at the bowl of fruit in the centre of the island. 

"What do you mean?" he asks. 

"I might as well tell you as you know everything else about me anyway," I say defeated. I stand up and gesture to my groin. "It won't go," I state and then sit back down. David chuckles and looks under the sink to pull out a bottle of brown alcohol.  

"Have you taken anything to, you know?" he asks. 

"No, we just slept together, and now it seems all my body wants to do is do it constantly," I state. 

"Most women would be happy to do it more than once," he says and pours the liquid into two short glasses. 

"Three times already," I pause, "I know why it's happening, she's god damn perfect," I state, and he chuckles and puts the drink in front of me. "I feel like I did when I was a teenager," I grumble. 

"So this isn't normal for you?" he asks. 

"I normally have a bit of control over it but I can't tonight. Usually, I can just see to it myself and it will be enough for me, but I know it won't do, I'd sleep in a different room but I don't want her to think there's something wrong," I state. 

"Have you asked her?" he asks.

"She's asleep," I state. "I can't be like wake up we're not done," I say and down the drink, and it's then I know it's whiskey. He pours another measure and then shakes his head. 

"It's happened to me before, and I think it's when you meet the woman who just does everything for you, I guess," he pauses. "Easier to deal with when you have a mutual understanding that you plan to go all night long," he tells me. 

"Hmm, she does," I say and sip the drink this time. 

"When we get to America the security team will meet us at the house," he states, changing the subject. "I finalised the purchase of the cars also, so they should be there too, I've informed the school about the extra security also," he states. 

"Good, did you go to a private firm?" I ask. 

"Two actually, one specialises in day to day security and the other specialising in heavy security for the house. Hopefully, Megan will feel safe," he states. I nod and look down at my drink as I feel my body calm down a little. "I noticed Carl with her friend," he suddenly states.

"So did I," I pause "he likes her a lot, although I doubt he will admit it," I say thoughtfully. 

"I don't think it matters given who her family is," he states, and I frown at him. "You don't know," he says, and I shake my head, and then I see Megan walk in.

"Hi," she says as she stands there in just my white shirt that only just covers her. "I interrupted you both, sorry," she says.

"It's fine, my dear," David says, standing up and finishing his drink. "I'm going back to bed anyway," he says and places his glass in the sink. He gives me a pointed look before walking out of the kitchen. I look at Megan to see her give me a small smile and walk towards me. 

"How come you're still up?" I ask. 

"Well I heard you leave and I thought you were just coming down for a drink and would come back up, and when you didn't I figured I'd come and find you," she explains and moves her arms around my neck. "Wow," she says, looking down. "I thought most men just rolled over and went to sleep after just the one time," she says, looking between my groin and my face. 

"It's you," I sigh and pull her closer to me. "You keep me in this state," I say, and she laughs. 

"I'm sorry," she says and moves her hand to my boxers. "I said I'd help you out," she states. 

"I know you did, I just didn't want you to feel like you had to," I state and feel her hand move inside my boxers. 

"Have you ever thought I wanted to?" she asks. I look at her, and she presses her lips to mine. "Stand up," she says. I do as she tells me, I kind of enjoy it when she tells me what to do, probably just as much as I do taking control myself. She kisses down my body to my boxers. 

"Megan, not here," I state. 

"Why not?" she asks. 

"Apart from the obvious, the tiled floor won't be very comfortable on your knees," I state and she laughs as she takes my dick out of my boxers. 

"No one will catch us," she says and licks up my length causing a shiver to run down my spine. 

Damn this confidence in her is sexy as hell. This is a side of her I never thought I'd ever see. It's even better knowing it's me that brought this side of her out.
###chapter 137
**Megan**

I get back into bed. I'd just woke up with the strongest urge to pee in the world. After doing my business, I didn't miss the soreness between my legs, and I had a sudden flashback to the morning after Jonathon stole my virginity from me. Only this time, I don't have the same feelings of hurt, shame, and disgust. If anything, I feel happy. I'm glad I was able to be intimate with him and know that I'm not damaged. 

Laying next to him, I watch him sleep. He's honestly a beautiful looking man. His hair is a mess, but it's the right kind, the kind you just want to run your hands through. He's got model looks, most of the time he looks like he's just stepped off a Prada ad. With his high cheekbones and strong, broad jaw with a smattering of stubble that frames his kissable lips. There are two holes just below his bottom lip, he hasn't worn his piercings for a while, and it looks like they're healing. 

His right arm moves up to cover his eyes as the morning sun slowly makes it through the window. I smile to myself and run my hand down his chest and back up. Slowly I trace my finger over his skin, making my way to his dark nipple. I watch as the fine hairs stand up and his breathing falters a little. 

Making my way down his body, and over his chiselled abdomen, the sheets only just covering him. I trail my fingers up and around his belly button. I stop just above the sheet and look back to his face to see he's still asleep. Biting my bottom lip, I contemplate on what I'm about to do. I take a deep breath and slowly let it out. I just have to be brave. I want to do this, and I want to follow how I'm feeling. 

Moving my hand below the sheet, I lift it a little to see his dick is already semi-hard. Slowly I trail my fingers up the length of his shaft and back down to his balls and watch as he becomes harder.

A small sigh escapes Logan's lips as his penis fully hardens. I look at him with my heart beating hard in my chest to see he's still asleep. I sigh in relief. I don't think he'll be angry, surprised more than anything. 

Slowly I lick up his length to his tip before taking him into my mouth. His leg moves, and I feel his body tense a little before fully relaxing, and his breathing picks up. Quickening my pace, I watch as his mouth opens and his hand moves down his body to my hair.

Then his arm moves from across his eyes, and he looks down at me. He jumps back a little causing him to slip out of my mouth.

"Megan," he says as I kiss up to his neck. I straddle his hips and press my core to his penis. 

"Morning," I say in his ear as I slowly lower my body down onto him. He groans as he moves into me and I can't help but smile. I like being in control.

"Fuck," is all he says as he holds his hands at my hips and tries to take over. I take his hands in mine and move them above his head, pinning them there. He looks me in the eyes as I control the rhythm that we go at. I raise an eyebrow at him in question and he nods. I smile and take my hands from his knowing he'll let me have this.  

\---

I wrap a towel around myself as I watch Logan step out of the shower we had just shared. After waking him up this morning, we laid talking before I left his room to get a shower in mine and get changed. It seemed he had other plans when he came and joined me in the shower. I swear this guy does not get tired.

Julie once told me she found it disappointing that most guys she had slept with tend to roll over and snore once they got theirs. It would seem Logan is an exception to that rule.

Reaching for a smaller towel I start to pat my hair dry. Logan walks towards me and takes the towel from my hands to dry it for me. 

"Why do I feel like you're going for some sort of world record," I state, turning to look at him. He smirks and leans down to kiss my shoulder.

"What do you mean?" he asks. 

"We've had so much sex I've lost count," I say and he laughs. 

"You're the one that woke me up in a very good position," he states, I raise my eyebrow at him, "and I can't help it, I feel if I get my fill of you now I'll be able to control myself better when we get back," he explains. 

"What do you mean?" I ask. 

"Well, when we get back we can't really sleep with each other until I leave my job,"  

"What?" I say shocked and he laughs. 

"You sound upset by that," 

"Well that will take ages, does that mean we can't fool around either?" I ask, moving my hands up the front of his body. He tilts his head in thought. 

"I'm not sure," he states and moves his hands to my hips. He presses me to his body and then lifts me up. 

"Well I don't like this," I state, "it's like you've dangled forbidden fruit in front of me, given me a piece and took the rest away, that's cruel." I huff and he chuckles.

"You can have it now," he says looking up at me and I smile.

"Oh really?" I ask him and kiss him. 

He squeezes my butt as he opens the bathroom door and carries me out. He moves one hand down my thigh and pulls my leg onto his hip making my towel loosen a little and ride up and right at that moment we hear someone clear their throat. We pull away from each other and look to see Yasmin, Julie and Melanie sitting on the bed staring at us. 

Logan slowly releases my leg and lowers my feet to the floor. I feel myself becoming flushed with embarrassment. Julie is sitting there with a big grin on her face, Yasmin has her hand to her mouth stifling a giggle and Melanie looks shocked more than anything. 

I turn to Logan to see him smirking. He leans forward and kisses my cheek. 

"I guess we'll finish this later," he says in my ear and then pulls fully away from me. He turns to the girls. "Ladies," he says and I see Julie's eyes move down to his towel-covered groin. I don't think I could become anymore embarrassed right now as he's sporting a rather impressive tent. 

"Good Morning," Julie says and Yasmin and Melanie laugh. 

"Get out," I tell him and he laughs before leaving my bedroom. I quickly grab my clothes and run back into the bathroom to get dressed. 

Once dressed I walk out and go straight to the vanity to blow dry my hair. I feel all eyes on me as I turn the hairdryer on. I quickly glance at them to see they're trying not to laugh at me. After drying my hair I turn to them and mentally prepare myself for their questions. 

"Go on," I say with a sigh. Julie looks the most excited to discuss this out of all three. 

"Well we heard everything so all I wanna know is all the details," Julie states and I laugh a little. 

"There's nothing really to tell," I state. 

"You just had shower sex with your teacher, there's plenty to tell," Julie states. 

"Yes, I did," I say rubbing my palms on my dress. I had decided on wearing a belted shirt dress as I'd looked at how the weather was going to be back home and well, it's mostly shorts and t-shirt weather. 

"Was that the first time?" Yasmin asks. 

"That we had sex or the first time we had shower sex?" I ask. "Because that's a no to both of those," I answer. 

"Wait, wait, start from the beginning then," Melanie interjects. 

"Ok, we had sex for the first time last night and just now that was...," I pause as I count mentally how many times we've actually had sex. "Seventh time, the second time in the shower," I continue. 

"I.want.to.know.everything," Julie slowly says and I laugh. 

"Seven times," Yasmin nods "impressive," 

"Did he make you orgasm all seven times?" Julie asks and Yasmin and Melanie both look at her. 

"Oh god," I say, feeling my face go red. 

"What? A woman doesn't get off every time and if he made her every time I think I need to get myself a hot English teacher too," she states and I laugh. 

"Yes and more Julie," I state and her eyes widen. 

"I'm never looking at him the same way again after this," she states and I laugh as she flops back onto the bed. "I'm so happy I've come on this trip," 

Standing up I quickly glance in the mirror before reaching for my phone. 

"Are we going down for breakfast then?" I ask and look at all three. 

"Yeah cause you've worked up an appetite," Julie states as she sits up and gets up off the bed. I shake my head in response and walk out of the room.
###chapter 138
**Megan**

Logan moves his hand onto my knee as David drives us down the motorway to the airport. I feel my heart pound against my ribcage and my hands become damp with sweat. The thought of going back home scares the hell out of me. No one has found Jonathon and it's kind of freaking me out. 

"Are you ok? You've gone quiet," he states. I nod in response and lay my head on his shoulder. 

"I'm worried about going home," 

"It'll be ok, I promise, I've put security in place, we'll discuss it more when we're on the plane," he states. I sigh in response and hold his hand in mine.

I look to the rearview mirror to see David glance at me and give me a small smile before moving his attention back to the road. He most likely thinks I'm being pathetic, but the thought of going back home gives me anxiety. It's as if I have a ball of fear in the pit of my stomach and the closer we get to going back to America it's growing in size. 

\---

Logan explained to me on the flight back that we now have a team of security at the house and a team that will come with me to school and wherever I go. David will drive me to and from school, a female security guard will follow me around the school and there will be a few walking around the perimeter of the school or any establishment I will be in. I'm not sure how I feel about being followed. Logan and David both assured me that I probably won't notice them but I'm not so sure about that. I just have to remember that it's for my own safety. David explained that he'd handpicked them all which leads me to believe he's not just a driver for Logan and I'm not sure what to make of that. I had my suspicions with what Logan has told me but I'm now thinking he's probably an ex-army or something.

The flight back was uneventful well until I fell asleep and ended up having a nightmare. The others all got taxi's back to theirs and there was a car waiting for David, Logan and I. Carl got in a taxi with Yasmin, I heard him tell Logan he needed to talk to her. I couldn't help but ask David if it felt wrong to him to have someone else drive seen as that is all I've seen him do. He just smirked at me and shook his head.

We were told once in the car that my grandfather was waiting for us at the house. Logan didn't seem too pleased by that and to be honest neither am I. The thought of seeing him just brings too many feelings to the surface for me. 

I climb out of the car into the hot California sunshine. Instinct tells me to look around and assess my surroundings. The thought that Benjamin could be watching me right now terrifies me. 

The front door opens and my grandfather is standing watching us as we take our suitcases out of the car. Logan and David look like they're both going to tell me they can take mine but seem to dismiss it as I glare at them. I need to focus on something other than what is going on right now. 

I walk to the front door, pulling my suitcase with me. My grandfather gives me a big grin and goes to give me a hug. I step out of his reach and move past him to go inside the house. 

"Someone's here to see you," he states and I feel my heart jump into my throat as panic starts to take over my body. He's surely not stupid enough to have helped Benjamin and then bring him here. I look at Logan to see him frown at my grandfather too.

"God, you look more and more like your mother every time I see you," I hear a male voice say. I look behind my grandfather to see my uncle. He's built like a house and I can't help but walk towards him and give him a hug. I've not seen him since my mother's funeral. Brett has always been in my life, he was more than an uncle, he was my best friend. I'd come to him when I was angry at both my mother and father, he was my second dad. The person that has always protected and comforted me. I stopped contact with him when things got bad.

Brett wraps his massive muscled arms around me and lifts me off my feet as he hugs me back. "It's OK, kid," he says in my ear. I feel my eyes fill with tears, "I'm sorry," he whispers. I shake my head in response. 

Pulling back I look up at my uncle. I wipe my tears from my cheeks and he gives me a small smile. 

"I've missed you," I say and his smile gets wider. 

"You too kid," he says and looks over my shoulder at Logan and David. His eyebrows come together in a frown over the same green eyes that I have. "Who are they?" he asks. 

"Oh," I say, turning and bringing him to meet Logan and David. "This is Logan and David,"

"The teacher," he states as he holds his hand out to shake Logans. Logan does the same and I feel like he's sizing Logan up. He then turns his attention to David and the look he gives him further solidifies my suspicions. "I'm guessing you picked the security details?"

"Yes," David replies.

"I'm going to put my suitcase upstairs and then I want you to tell me about where you've been," I say giving my uncle a small smile, knowing full well he won't tell me he'll make me guess as he can't tell me. 

"You can guess," he states and picks up my suitcase to walk upstairs with it. I smile and follow him.

\---

"Why didn't you call me?" Brett asks. I shrug in response and hang up my summer dress. "I would have answered," he adds. 

"I know, I just didn't want to bother you," I state. 

"I told you at your mom's funeral to call me if you needed anything," 

"How was I supposed to bring that up to you?" I ask, "And what would you have actually done?" 

"You say 'hey my dad has gone crazy,' and I would have called someone for you," 

"Who? Like grandpa? Because he has been a big help," I sarcastically state. 

"Yeah he still thinks Jonathon is that kid that got taken, but I would have come back," I sigh in response and look at him. 

"I wanted to, I just felt ashamed, I just kept thinking he wouldn't be this way if mom was still here and she only left that night to find me," I say looking down. 

"Don't blame yourself over that," he pauses and stands in front of me. "I'll kill him when I find him," I shake my head and look up at him. "I promise you, I'll kill him," 

"I don't think that's a good idea," I state.

"And it wasn't a good idea for him to stop taking his meds, yet he did, knowing what his alter is like," he counters.

I sigh and look down and feel myself start to cry.

"I'm scared," I say quietly

I'd always been close with my uncle. He would always take me away when he got back from assignments. He stayed with us a lot whenever he was home. When my mom died he got an assignment the day after her funeral and hasn't been back since. He would call me whenever he could and when things started to get bad I tried not to answer. I just didn't want him to hear it in my voice that I wasn't ok. 

"I know," he says and hugs me. "I promise I won't let anything happen to you," I nod in response and look down. "When you stopped answering my calls I figured you had gotten distracted by that shit of a boyfriend," he states. I smile and pull back to dab away my tears. "What had happened when you decided not to answer?" he asks. I gulp and look him in the eyes to see guilt swimming in them. I look away "Tell me, please," 

"He raped me," I quickly say, "and I knew if I answered you would hear it in me that I wasn't ok," I state. He nods, a dark expression colouring his face and reaches for my arm to look at my healing cut. 

"When did you start doing this?" he asks and moves his fingers over old scars. I shake my head and take my hand out of his. 

"Megan," I hear Logan call and I feel relief wash over me. 

"In here," I call and move away from my uncle avoiding his gaze on me. 

"Come and meet your new bodyguard," 

"Ok," I say and walk out after him he frowns at me. 

"What's wrong?" he asks as we walk out of my room with my uncle not far behind and I realise that if Brett found out about Logan and me, he would kill Logan and I don't mean kick the shit out of him. He'd probably dig his grave for him.
###chapter 139
**Logan**

Megan had been quiet since we got back. She didn't seem too happy about having a security detail, but I don't know any other way to make her feel safe. I'd told them not to interfere with anything in her life unless it was to keep her safe. That meant if she snuck out of the house one night to let her, just follow her and tell me. I do doubt she'd do that, but it would keep them on their toes if she did. 

I'm not too sure her uncle likes me. He keeps scowling at me. David says that he's probably trying to get a read on me. From what I've gathered he's a SEAL which is just ideal. I don't need Megan to tell me that he would kill me if he found out about us. In actual fact, it was David who told me and then proceeded to tell me he probably knows about 40 ways to do it too. 

After the frosty reception, Megan gave her grandfather he left. Not long after Carl came home. He didn't seem too happy and went straight to his room. I tried talking to him but it would seem he is heartbroken, which is a first. 

I hear whimpering coming from the hallway. I get up from my desk and walk out to see Max at Megan's door, he paws at it and then looks at me and whines. I smirk and shake my head as I walk towards to let him in. 

"You have attachment issues," I state. I watch him go bounding in and then stop and sniff around her bed. It is then I realise she's kicked her covers off and she's talking in her sleep. From the look of things, she's having a nightmare. 

"What's going on?" I hear her uncle say. I look at him. "What are you doing?" he asks as he walks from the room that was next to Megan's towards me. 

"Max normally sleeps in here with her, I was letting him in," I state "and she's having a nightmare," I add nodding towards her. He looks and then walks in to go wake her up. He shakes her awake. 

"Megan wake up," 

I watch as she startles awake and then looks at her uncle and I see the complete terror wash over her and I can understand why. Brett looks like Jonathon and in the dark, she's mistaken him for Jonathon. 

"No," she snaps and shoves him away from her. He doesn't move "Get off me," she screams. 

"Megan," I call. 

"Get off, don't touch me" she cries in fear and he finally lets go of her. I turn her bedroom light on and she half falls and runs out of bed. I catch her and hold her to me. 

"It's ok," she looks up at me, tears stream down her cheeks. "It was a nightmare, he's not here," she wildly looks around the room and then her eyes land on Brett. I look away from her to him to see the anger on his face. He's staring at her pillow and I can see the thought going through his mind. 

"I'm sorry," Megan says quietly. He turns to look at her and he shakes his head. 

"I'd never hurt you, Megan," 

"I...I know," 

I slowly let go of her as the urge to pull her closer to me is too strong, I'd usually hold her as tight as possible just so she would know she was safe but right now I can't. 

"I'm not him, I'm not like him," he adds. 

"I know, I just," she looks around her room and I know this look, she wants to escape or hurt herself. The after-effects of her nightmare, she can still feel his hands on her and she wants to feel anything other than that right now. 

"Why don't we have a cup of tea?" I ask and it's probably the most British thing to say right now but it's the best I've got. 

"I need to have a shower,"

I nod in response and walked over to her wooden box on her dresser. 

"I'll take this and then I'll meet you downstairs, ok?" I ask and she nods as I walk out of her room with it. Her uncle follows me, he calls Max as he does so, "Don't bother, he won't listen anyway," I'm pretty sure Max now only listens to her and probably only listens to me because it's what he wants to do. I've lost my dog to my girlfriend. I think I can live with that. 

"What's the deal with the box?" Brett asks me as we walk into the kitchen. I place it on the kitchen counter and turn the kettle on before turning to him. 

"She self-harms with things that are inside it," I state. He looks at it and frowns. 

"Why don't you just throw it out?" 

"She'll find other things to use," I state with a yawn. "Do you want a drink?" 

"I'd like something stronger than tea," 

"So would I and so would Megan if my experience is correct," I state as I take three cups from the cupboard and I start to make us all tea. 

Sitting down in the living room I watch him as he looks off into space. I can just see the thoughts going around in his head. It's probably a shock to his system seeing her like that. 

"She's never looked at me like that before, she looked so scared of me,"

"Not you," I state. He nods and looks down. 

"I should have taken her from him, her mother wanted her to come with me," 

I frown at that information. Why would her mother want her away from her own father? I don't think he needs me to tell him that none of this is his fault. It was out of his control. There was nothing he could have done. He wasn't to know. 

He takes a sip of his tea and turns to the TV. After about ten minutes Megan walks into the room. She looks at me and then to her uncle. 

"You ok?" he asks. She nods and sits on the couch opposite us. Max comes bounding in and lays at her feet. I smile a little at his protectiveness. "That dog sure is protective of you," he states.

"I think he's got a thing for her," I state

"He likes me is all," she says, laying down and patting the couch for him to lay at the side of her with his head on her lap. "Plus he's a great heat source," she strokes his head and then gives him a kiss. 

"Do you want to talk about your nightmare?" I ask slowly. Megan shakes her head in response. "Will you talk about it tomorrow with your therapist?" I ask. She looks at me and shrugs. 

"It's always the same, she'll just tell me it's down to my fear of him," 

"I know, I just think you should at least talk to her in detail about it," and I know I'm pushing. I just feel that if she holds it in and doesn't talk about her nightmares she'll get even more down. She doesn't tend to get them as much when we sleep in the same bed together but while her uncle is here that can't happen. 

\---

**Megan**

I stand at the doorway of Logan's classroom. He came in early for a meeting which meant Brett also wanted to take me to school. It was awkward, to say the least as I could tell he wanted to ask me about my nightmare but didn't know how to. Plus Carl was in the car as he is subbing as the Music teacher as ours has gone on sick leave. 

Logan looks up from the paper in his hands at me. I give him a small smile and hold out the coffee I had got him on the way in.

"Good morning," he says as he watches me walk in, closing the door behind me and placing the hot drink on his desk in front of him. 

"I figured you'd need it," 

"I do," he says before taking a small sip. I lean against his desk and look at him. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing, I'm just tired," I say and look down at my denim dress. His hand moves to the hem of my dress, he tugs on the material a little before placing his hand on my knee. 

"I like this dress," he states looking me up and down. "It suits you," 

"Thanks," The dress is only simple, it's a medium blue denim shirt dress with a drawstring waist to make it a little more fitted and fold up sleeves. It's a little big on me but it's good for the heat. "I missed you this morning,"

"Yeah I had to come in early for meetings and to plan my lessons, I spoke to the principal too about me leaving, she asked if I could stay till the end of the school year as it'll be difficult for them to find a replacement," he explains. 

"And what did you say?" I ask. 

"That I'd have to get back to her on that, I wanted to ask you first what you thought," 

"It's not really up to me, do what you want to do,"  

"Megan, what's wrong," he asks again and stands up. 

"Nothing," I lie. 

"There is, you seem distant," 

I look down at my dress and fuss with the tie in the middle. He sighs and places his hands at the side of my head over both ears and kisses me at the parting of my hair. 

"You're scared," he states and I nod a little as my vision blurs with tears. "Is it your nightmare or Benjamin,"

"Both," I whisper. He tilts my head up so I'm looking up at him. 

"Tell me about the nightmare," he states. I close my eyes and feel the tears finally drop down my cheeks.
###chapter 140
**Megan**

Logan seems to know what I'm thinking and what I'm needing straight away. He wipes my cheeks and places a soft kiss on my lips. Pulling back he rests his forehead against mine and waits for me to gather my thoughts. 

Telling him about my nightmare seems so redundant. They're always the same and he knows it and there's nothing we can do about them. The only time they lessen is when he's in bed with me and last nights was about him, he was Benjamin. I know it's stupid, I know he'd never hurt me like that, it's just my mind is messed up. 

I shake my head and look down. 

"It was about me," he states and he sounds so defeated as if it hurt him to say those words. I wipe my tears again and then take hold of his tie. "Megan, I'd never-" I don't let him finish, I pull him to me and kiss him hard on the lips. 

Last night all I wanted was to have him hold me the way that he does and tell me that everything was ok but that couldn't happen not with Brett there. A big part of me didn't care, I just wanted to feel better. 

Logan kisses me back, his hands move through my hair as heat fills my body. I move my arms around his neck, holding him closer to me. He presses his body against mine causing me to gasp, he takes that as his opportunity and his tongue wrestles with mine. He tastes like coffee and caramel, the drink I had got him. His hands move down my back to my waist.

Moving onto his desk a little more, he stands between my legs and moves his hands up my bare thighs and back down again. I loosen his tie and unbutton his shirt as his hand moves to my panties. I moan at the feel of his fingers rubbing at my sex over my panties. He pulls back and kisses down my neck. 

A moan escapes my lips and I feel down to his crotch. The bell rings indicating the start of homeroom making him stop. 

"We can't," he pants against my ear and I can't help but feel slightly disappointed. "You have to go," he states and then presses his lips to mine. 

"Hmm, or I could just stay here," I say against his lips and stroke the bulge in his trousers. "You don't have to teach homeroom," He smirks and kisses me again. 

"You're going to get me into trouble," 

"Never," I reply and stand up to kiss his neck. 

"No," he says without much conviction and I can't help but smile at that. "You need to go to class," he says more firmly and steps back from me. "When did you unbuckle my belt?" he asks as he buckles his trousers up. 

"Ok," is all I say and reach up to redo his tie. His hands move to my hips and he presses us together. "We can always finish this later," I say looking up at him. 

"Preferably where I can lock a door," he states.

"Maybe, it turns me on knowing anyone could walk in on us," I confess and I feel myself blush but try my hardest not to let it affect me. The second bell goes indicating I am now late for homeroom. 

"God, you're killing me, Go," he orders and I smile and walk away from him and out of the classroom. 

\---

"Are you and Logan ok now?" my therapist asks. I have been in my session for half an hour, I've told her everything that had gone on in England, what had happened the day before we left with Benjamin. 

"Yeah we talked and it was a communication issue, or lack thereof," I state. 

"What do you mean?"

"He thought it was better for me if we weren't together because his uncle put all these ridiculous fears of what may happen with us if he stays with me," I explain. 

"What do you think?" 

"I think his uncle needed to shut up and keep his opinion to himself," 

"I see," she pauses and takes a sip of her water. "So you're both good,"

"Better than good," I pause and look down as I debate on telling her that our relationship has progressed. 

"What is this smile?" she asks. I look up at her. I hadn't even realised I was smiling. 

"We had sex," I blurt out and the look on her face looks like an honest shock. She collects herself and then tilts her head at me. "It was good, I mean I feel good about it," 

"Your relationship seemed to have moved pretty quickly in the two weeks you were away, you were on the verge of breaking up when you left, you did break up albeit only for a day or two, but still," she remarks. 

"Yes, I just feel that with everything that we've gone through we've grown stronger," I say with a shrug. 

She sighs and places the Ipad she's holding and note pad onto the coffee table between us. She takes her glasses off and gives them a little clean with the hem of her blush pink blouse and then looks at me as she puts them on. 

"I'm going, to be honest with you Megan," and I feel like she's warning me. "This relationship you have with Logan I'm not sure is a healthy one," she bluntly states and I open my mouth to argue but I don't know what to say to her. "Some things don't sit right with me, I could be wrong, but from what you have told me, you and he are very reliant on each other. You more so, due to everything with your father, Logan was the one to get you out of the situation. He saved you and it's only natural for you to idolise him in a way as your hero," 

"Are you saying we should break up?" I ask and I can feel myself want to cry. 

"No, I just think you both need to slow down," she states. "Logan from what you have told me has his own problems, and the first thing he did when you had an argument, was to cheat on you, the moment someone told him to break up with you, he did and when he did the first thing you thought to do was end your life. It is very difficult for me to sit here and say that this relationship is healthy," she explains. 

"The both of you are fragile and I think you should go slower, you both are very deeply emotionally invested into one another and I just question what will happen when something doesn't go right again, that's all,"

I look down at my hands in my lap and then back up at her. 

"I was the one that wanted to take things further," I say after a couple of minutes of taking in what she had said. She nods at me, "I wanted to,"

"I'm not saying that you didn't,"

"We promised each other we'd start communicating with each other better, instead of jumping to conclusions and trying to predict what the other might say or do," I explain quietly. 

"That's good," 

"Is it?" I ask and look back down. She's telling me that's good yet she just said our relationship isn't healthy. How am I supposed to feel about this?

"What are you thinking about?" she asks.

"I'm confused," I confess, "you say that's good but you just said our relationship is unhealthy, what does that mean? Does it mean we're not healthy for one another or I'm not healthy for him, or he's not healthy for me? That means we should break up. An unhealthy relationship isn't good," I hear the panic and upset in my voice as I speak. 

"Ok, breathe, I could be wrong, it's-" I cut her off.

"You wouldn't have said it if you were," I cry and reach for a tissue from the box on the coffee table. 

"Ok, good point, Megan not all relationships are healthy at first, with you and Logan you both became very emotionally invested very quickly, and that's due to how you became together, all I'm telling you is that I think you should slow down a little bit," she explains to me. 

"All because we slept together," 

"No, sex is different for you than say, other people, the fear around sex for you is different-"

"I know and he knows," 

"The emotions around sex are different, and I get that he understands that, but I just want you to think about how fast this is all going," she pauses and looks at the Ipad. "You said your uncle is in town?" she asks. I nod as I try to stop crying. "How long for?" 

"I'm not sure," I mutter. 

"This might be a good thing, you can settle down a little, the emotions in this can calm down, it will help for you both to see each other more clearly," she explains. "Ok let me explain this another way to you, I feel like you think everything I just said is bad'' she suggests. "Are you going to listen to me?" she asks. 

I look over at her and nod.
###chapter 141
**Megan**

"When a hurricane hits, it crashes through a village or a city in a matter of seconds, creating destruction and mess all around and moves onto the next without looking back to see the mess it created. It just keeps going through city after city. It's only after the hurricane has died off do you get to look at the destruction and fix it. You and Logan seem to be like that. You're emotions just hit and crash through one another without realising the mess you made on each other and I think having your uncle at home with you both will give you both a chance to reflect on how you feel about one another and the obstacles you have both faced to then be able to fix yourselves," 

"Does that make sense?" she asks 

"You're saying we're intense emotionally," I say and she nods.

"Do you see that?" 

"Yeah I suppose," I say as I think about how we are together, "when things are good between us no words can really describe it but when it's bad it's like everything physically hurts, there's no real middle or constant I guess," 

"Yeah," she says with a small smile and I smile in return. "Speak to him or I can book you in for a session tomorrow for both of you if you like and we can discuss everything a little further if you like?" she asks.

"Tomorrow is a bit soon," I state.

"No, it's fine I have emergency appointments every day and I can slot you both in then, plus we need to discuss other things that have happened," she pauses "is he picking you up? Are you happy to have him in a session with you?" she asks. I nod, "Good," she says with a small smile.

I watch her stand up and then walk out of the room. I close my eyes and take a deep breath to slowly let it out as I calm myself down. She's right, having my uncle at home will help us because we can't be all over each other and it'll give us time to ourselves. Which I guess is healthy in a relationship. 

She walks back in with Logan behind her. He looks at me and gives me a small smile. I watch him walk in and sit down near me.

"Hey, how's the session going?" he asks. I shrug and look down at my hands as he places his hand into mine. 

"So I think it may be best if we have a session tomorrow, with you," my therapist tells him.

"Ok," Logan says looking at me."Why?"

"She says we have an unhealthy relationship," I state and watch as he tilts his head a little and I can see he's thinking about that. He turns to look at my therapist. 

"I can see why you would say that," he states surprising me, "I would argue we could be worse given our personal histories," he says looking straight at her and the look he's giving her is intense as if he's challenging her. To what I'm not sure. 

"That is true," she states quietly. 

"Ok, I'm just going to say this once to you," and he stands up and loosens his tie. "The last person that tried to break us up I ruined, don't think I won't do that to you," he says.

"Are you threatening me?" she asks standing up also. 

"No, it's a promise. Megan is someone I care for a lot, and if I thought this wasn't healthy for her or if I wasn't good for her I would end this for her, and only her," he states. 

"I'm not trying to break you both up," she says. "I just want to have you at one of her sessions just so you both can talk in a safe space," 

"I guess we're on the same page then," he states and then looks at me, "Are we leaving?" he asks. I nod and stand. "We will see you tomorrow, at 4, is that a good time?" he asks. 

"Six is better," she states. He smirks to himself. 

"Six it is," he says and walks out. I give her a small smile and walk out with him. 

We walk out into the reception to see Courtney sat in the waiting room with her phone in front of her. She looks up at us and smiles at Logan before noticing me behind her and she just glares at me. I roll my eyes and walk to the desk to sign my name out and then walk out of the building. I didn't know she was in therapy, out of all the therapists in California she has the same as me. I'd like to think that's a coincidence but given who Courtney is I'm not so sure. 

"Are you ok?" I ask once we're in the car. He nods, I look at David to see him frown before starting the car. Logan moves his hand into mine "I'm fine, just don't need another person trying to break us up," he states. 

"I know, neither do I, but she said it was more emotional, with everything that went on in England she just said it seems we're like a hurricane or something when it comes to our emotions, I think she wants us to discuss it together," I explain and he nods. 

"I get that, I'll play nice," he says and pulls me to sit next to him and kisses me on the lips. 

\---

I watch at the door of the gym as Brett does another bench press. When we came back he was in here, he stopped to eat and then came straight back here. He didn't say much at dinner, no one did really. The mood was quite somber, Carl was unusually quiet and the only two that seemed to be in better spirits was David and his wife. 

"What's wrong Megan?" he asks. I smile and walk in to sit on the bench next to the one he is sat on. 

"I just wanted to know if you were ok," 

"Considering everything, yes I am," I frown at his response. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Last night I'd only seen fear like that in the people I tried to keep safe in the war," he states. "I never thought I'd see that kind of fear in you," 

"It was my nightmare," I say quietly and look down. 

"No, it wasn't, it was part of it but you're petrified,"

"Not of you,"

"Of my brother who I look a lot alike," he states. "And with him on the run, it's only natural for you to be scared," he pauses and moves the towel to his face wiping the sweat. "I dunno, I just, I promised your mother I'd keep you safe and I failed," 

"You weren't to know he was going to do what he did," I say. "I don't blame you," 

"Who do you blame?" he asks.

"Him, Jonathan, he's not my father, not anymore, he chose to stop taking his meds to control the shifts, he also decided not to get help after I had told him about everything," I explain and he smiles. 

"You're stronger than me," he says standing up. 

"No, I'm not," 

"You're here, many would have given up," 

"Most days I think of giving up," I say looking down and then hear Logan walk in with David behind him. I look towards him. "But I'm lucky I have people that care about me enough to not let me think about it for too long," I state and then look back at my uncle. He nods and looks at Logan before looking back at me. 

"I'm gonna go do my homework," I state and walk out of the gym. 

\---

**Logan**

"You can't hit me in the face," I say to David as he bandages my hands.

"If you're lacking in your training, it's your own fault," 

"That's not fair, I have a job now, turning up with bruises on my face isn't exactly work appropriate," 

"Fine the face is off-limits," he states and tapes my hands. We bump fists and then step away from each other. 

"Why do I feel like you're disappointed by that?" 

"I am, I like to see my work," he says and gets into position. I do the same and straight away he makes his move.

I had noticed Brett in the Gym when I walked in. It seemed he and Megan were having a serious conversation. He's been quiet since Megan came home. Lorraine had said she had hardly seen him since this morning, she was still trying to get used to the house. It's smaller than the one she's used to in England but there's also fewer mouths for her to feed, that didn't stop her from making enough food for a small army. Luckily for her, there's the security staff she can feed. I think that made her happy. 

After dinner, David delighted me in telling me he wanted to see if I'd kept up with my training. When I was younger he trained me in a few martial art techniques and well I haven't exactly kept up to them and he knows it. This means I'm about to get my arse handed to me.
###chapter 142
  

**Logan**

"Are you sure you want him in here for the whole session?" Sarah, Megan's therapist asks. "It's your session, you make the rules here," she adds. I think I scared her yesterday because she hasn't looked at me since we arrived. I only said what I said because I'm sick of people trying to become between us. I just don't understand why they can't leave us alone. Why there always has to be someone wanting to get between us.  

"It's ok, I tell him most things anyway," Megan states. 

"Ok," she taps the red record button on her iPad and places it down on the table. "Let's start. How was last night? You said yesterday you had a nightmare the night before, did you have another last night?" 

"I stayed awake all night," she states. I look at Megan. I didn't know that. "I then fell asleep in one of my lessons, luckily Melanie woke me up before a nightmare started," I look towards Megan to see her pull on her cardigan a little. She wore jeans and just a plain t-shirt today but she put the cardigan on when she got home. I'm not sure why when it's not exactly cold. 

"What was the nightmare about the other night?" 

"Same as usual, only this time it was as if I was watching it happen and so were the people in my life now, they all just sat watching everything happen like it was some movie, and instead of Benjamin is was Logan" 

"When you say everyone in your life, who?" 

"Everyone, you, Logan, my friends, David, all the people that I care about and who I think care about me," she explains. 

"Logan was watching himself attack you?" she asks. Megan nods 'What do you think it means?" Megan shrugs and then wipes a small tear from her cheek. 

"I guess, if I really thought about it, probably my own fear that, I have all these people around me that care yet won't be able to do anything to stop Benjamin," 

"You've built Benjamin up as if he's this indestructible entity but he's not, he's only a man Megan, he can be hurt just like you,"

"He can be killed," I say quietly. My eyes widened, I meant to say that in my head.

"Er yeah, what I'm trying to say is he's human," Sarah states. 

"I know, I just know that he is smart, he escaped, he's going to find a way to me," 

"Or he'll think he's too smart to be caught and get caught," she says.

"Maybe," Megan mutters and looks down at her lap. 

"Tell me about your uncle?" this causes Megan to smile, I can see the love she has for him. 

"He's my uncle Brett, he would visit us all the time, he's super protective. He doesn't know about Logan and I obviously, he'd kill Logan, he nearly killed Tyler when he found out he and I were dating," she says with a small smile. "He's like a teddy bear though, he has this really tough exterior, but I guess when it comes to me or when it came to my mom he was and still is a big softie," Sarah smiles at her and writes something down. 

"That's nice, so you like the fact he's here," 

"Yeah, he's younger than Jonathon, he's closer to my mom's age," this makes me listen a little more. 

"What do you mean?" Sarah asks. 

"Well Jonathon is about 14 years older than my mum and Brett is only three years older, Jonathon has another brother, but I've never met him, he's apparently the middle child and he left with his mom and they've not seen him since he was 18," 

"Oh, your grandfather said to me he only has two sons," 

"That's because the other wants nothing to do with him, I can kind of see why now," Interesting. I too only thought he had two sons, I guess that would mean Brett isn't the one that was supposed to be taken along with Jonathon. "I think Brett is in contact with him," she adds. 

"It's good that you have a family member who is there for you also," 

"I just hope he's staying longer this time, he always goes out on assignment pretty quickly," Megan states. I can't agree with her on that one. It sucks that he's living with us, to be honest. 

"You don't seem happy about that Logan," Sarah states, getting my attention. 

"I don't mind him, I just don't think I want him staying with us for a long time," 

"Why not?" she asks. I look at Megan to see her looking at me waiting for my answer. 

"Well, home is the only place we get to be together, at the moment that's not a possibility, the only time we're alone now is in the car and even then we're not always alone," I explain. 

"Oh yeah," Megan says, and looks down "I didn't think about that,"

"It's not like I can't work around that and make it so we do have alone time, it's just the last thing we want is to make it obvious," I explain to her.

"Megan, how was the night you slept together?" she asks suddenly. I raise an eyebrow and look at Megan then at her therapist to see her waiting patiently. I hadn't noticed before but she has a small scar on her neck. Most likely never noticed because I don't really look at her that much. She's wearing a pale pink long sleeve t-shirt and a pair of light blue jeans. Her hair is tied up today, yesterday she had it down. She's an attractive woman but there's something about her that tells me she likes to go unnoticed. She's probably not that much older than me. 

"What do you mean?" Megan asks. I turn my attention back to Megan to see her cheeks going slightly pink. Either the question embarrasses her or having me here hearing her answer embarrasses her. 

"I want to know how you felt about it," she clarifies. 

"It was good," she says quietly. 

"Good?" I ask, and look at Sarah to see her smile a little. 

"Well you know, this is so embarrassing," she says leaning back and looking at the ceiling. 

"Why?" 

"Well I have these conversations with my friends, but I don't know, it's different with him here," she explains. 

"Pretend he's not here," Sarah suggests. 

"Very difficult to do," 

"Why?" 

"Because it's like my mind is hyper-aware of him, I know when he walks into a room and I could be in a conversation with someone and just know," she sighs and then looks at me. "It was better than good," she says to me and I smile. 

"I know it was," I state and she shakes her head and looks at Sarah. 

"I felt good about it if that's what you're asking, I thought I'd feel ashamed afterwards if I'm honest, I thought it would hurt, that I'd hate myself all over again,"

"You associated the feelings you got after Benjamin raped you to what it would feel like to have sex willingly," Sarah says to her. 

"I guess, but I had all the natural fears you'd have as well, like if I'm doing any of it right but that kind of went after the first couple of times, it was like I felt more confident in my actions," she explains. "It was strange, I wanted to be in control at one point,"

"Control how?" Sarah asks as she writes something down and then looks at Megan. 

"She woke me up with her mouth and then made sure I knew she was in control by being on top," I say after Megan doesn't answer her. "It was sexy as hell," I state and Sarah raises her eyebrows a little and looks at Megan. 

"Control is going to be quite important to you when it comes to sex. And I mean control both ways," she says to Megan. She turns to me, "From what I gather you aren't the submissive type," 

"Generally speaking no," I pause and look at Megan a little before looking back at Sarah. "Sexually speaking I like having the control, there are certain things I enjoy, some I think she will enjoy and others I know she won't, but then again it's all about trust really," I say, and look at Megan. I can see her mind racing. I reach over and pull her towards me and kiss her on the lips. "Stop, whatever your thinking, stop," I say knowing she's most likely spiralling down the biggest negative hole ever. 

"What are you thinking, Megan?" Sarah asks as she writes something down. 

"That I'm not enough, at some point he'll want to do something that I don't and he'll break up with me, I mean that's a standard fear for me anyway," 

"What do you mean?" I ask, frowning. 

"Well the first time you saw me naked the next day you broke up with me, I just expect it at some point," she says, and I frown. 

"I didn't want to break up with you," 

"The things you said though," 

"I said those things to get you to hate me so that it wouldn't hurt me so much, but I fucked up," I state and move her hair from her face. "I'm sorry if it helps you've ruined me for women everywhere," I say, and she laughs. I kiss her neck and if her therapist wasn't in the room right now I'd gladly make love to Megan right now. 

"Why did you take the next step if you had this fear?" Sarah asks. Megan shrugs and looks at me. 

"When I'm with him it's like I have no fears, they only come when he's not around me, and I mean look at him, he's hot as hell," she states, and I smile. "Would you say no to him?" she asks her. 

"Is that a serious question?" Sarah asks. I look at her and frown. Megan nods. "Probably not, given the right circumstances," she says honestly. "Was there any part you didn't like?" she says turning the conversation back on track. 

"No, not really," she pauses, "I think he can read me quite well, he knows what I'm thinking most of the time and I like that," she says looking at me. 

"Ok, I think that's all we've got time for today," Sarah states. "I think you two should have these kinds of talks. Tell each other how you're feeling when feelings become volatile and too much that's when things get misinterpreted. The fact you can both sit here and listen to each other is a good thing, your relationship has moved pretty fast, I didn't expect for you to have gotten intimate so quickly," 

"You don't need to worry about that, he won't sleep with me now that we're back home," she says with a huff and I laugh. 

"Is that so?" Sarah asks, looking at me. 

"She's not making it easy, constantly flirting with me at school it's difficult," I say, and Megan looks at me, giving me a mischievous smile. I then stand up with Megan and I watch as Sarah stops the record button on the Ipad. 

"I was wondering if I can change my usual time, I saw Courtney here yesterday and she goes to my school. I don't want to see people I know," I remember seeing Courtney, I didn't really think much of it.

"Ah yes she mentioned that she knew you and wanted to book in later instead, but that only happened because we went overtime," she explains. There's usually 15 minutes between each appointment for that reason, but I can just book you both on different days. 

"Yeah that'll be better," Megan states. 

"Ok I'll look at my diary and do some shuffling," she says, and then gives Megan a slight pat on her shoulder. I let Megan go in front of me, I then turn to Sarah. 

"I'm sorry about yesterday, I shouldn't have said what I said," 

"It's ok, I understand, Megan told me about your uncle yesterday,"

"It still doesn't excuse what I said, you're trying to help Megan and I have to accept that not everyone is out to ruin everything good in my life," I state. She smiles and walks out with me. 

"Well thanks," she states, and watches as Megan signs the book. "I'll see you at your next session Megan," Megan nods and takes my hand to pull me out of the office.
###chapter 143
**Megan**

I get in the car and watch Logan walk around to get in next to me. He climbs in and starts the car, he is honestly one of the sweetest men I've ever met. He can come across as quite scary but to me, he's always been sweet. 

"You know we said we weren't going to be back until around 8," I say as I look at the clock and 19:10 blinks at me, he looks at me as he pulls the car out of the parking lot. 

"What are you proposing we do?" he asks, and I smile a little. He shakes his head as he heads towards home, "What have I turned you into?" he asks. 

"What I'm just suggesting is we go get frozen yoghurt or something," I say, and he laughs. 

"Frozen yoghurt it is then," he says, and I raise an eyebrow at him. I take his hand in mine and place it on my lap. 

**Two weeks later.** 

Bringing my first back, I punch David's covered hand and follow it up with a high kick. Two weeks ago, the day after my session with Logan, I had asked David to train me to defend myself, he told me he doesn't really teach that but he can train me how to fight. I took him up on that offer. It's virtually the same when I think about it. Since then he's pulled me into the gym every day. He said I was a quick learner and it helped that I have a gymnastic background.

Logan didn't seem too happy that I took his gym partner or that I had asked David to teach me rather than him, but the last thing I need is more sexual tension between us when we can't do anything about it. He found a partner in my uncle and Carl. Lorraine seems to scold David every time I come back to the dining table with a part of my body hurting. 

When I told my therapist about this she seemed quite pleased by it. She said it would help me a lot and I'm not going to disagree. It's helped with my pent up anger. I think more than anything, that and my sexual frustration. I think Logan has kissed me probably twice in the past two and a half weeks. It's also helping me sleep, mostly because I'm too tired to dream. That's one of the main reasons I prefer for us to train at night. 

David catches my foot, I turn, reach to the floor and lift my other leg to kick him with my other foot in the stomach. He lets go of my leg and stumbles back a little. 

"You're quicker than Logan," he states. 

"That's because he's a giant," I state and then get onto my feet. I pull at the gloves and take them off to then walk to my water bottle. 

"He said you're going shopping today," he states. 

"Yeah, Julie is dragging us all to some party, I don't want to go," 

"Then don't go,"

"But then they accuse me of selling them out for my boyfriend, if only they knew," I say, and sit on the mat. "I'll probably only go for an hour, parties have never really been my thing," 

"Your uncle is going out tonight too," he says, and my jaw drops. He laughs and takes a sip of his drink. 

"Typical," I say, and frown at the mat. 

"A movie night would do me but I can't even get that," 

"Is this what girlfriends are for? Conversations like this?" he asks, and I laugh. 

"You're funny David," I say standing up and walking to the treadmill. 

"Lorraine says the same thing and I still don't get what I've said funny half the time," he says scratching his head. 

"How did you two meet?" I ask as I set the treadmill up. 

"University, I had accidentally pranked her, I meant to prank one of her male housemates and it got her instead, she wasn't too happy, cussed me out in front of all my friends and I've been in love with her ever since," he explains with a small smile on his face. 

"That's sweet," I say as I start to jog. "Not you pranking her," I say, and he smiles. 

"We play pranks on each other all the time though now," 

"I once went on a stag do when I was younger and she stitched in all my clothes, 'I love my wife 4 ever and always,' she thought it was hilarious," he states. 

"Staking her claim," I state and watch as he ups the speed on the treadmill settings. I glare at him and he smiles. 

"Yep, enough talking, 10 minutes at that pace then cool down and we're done," he states. 

"!0 minutes," I say shocked knowing I can hardly do 5. 

"Imagine being chased for 10 minutes," 

"I mean I think I'll let them catch me," I say, and he shakes his head with a roll of his eyes. 

\----

**A week or so later**

"Carl I don't get to spend time with him at all," I complain as I try to convince him to help me with getting some alone time with Logan. "I'll start coming to your lesson," I state and he stops what he's doing and frowns. 

"You're supposed to be in my lesson?" 

"Yeah with Melanie, but they took it off my list of lessons," I pause "I only took Music because I liked it," I say, and he nods while picking up music sheets. 

"If you play the piano for me now," he states, and I look at the baby grand piano. "I've seen you play and Melanie said in class earlier that you used to play here all the time.," I silently curse Melanie. 

"Can I play at home for you instead?" I ask. He shakes his head. 

"Play something for me now and I'll see what I can do about getting you and Logan some alone time," he states. I sigh and sit on the soft bench. "Sing too,"

"No," I say, and he just looks at me. "Fine," luckily for me, the school had ended ten minutes ago so the chances of anyone hearing me are slim. 

I look at the door to see it's open and my bodyguard is stood at the door. She's nice, a little small, but I'm not going to judge a book by its cover here. She's too stealthy, all I know about her is that her name is Sandra and I'm not even sure that's her real name. She looks at me and gives me a small smile. 

"Promise not to laugh?" I ask her and she just smiles and gives me a small nod. I turn back around and place my hands on the piano. "1 song," I say to Carl. He smiles and leans against it. 

"I'll even grade you," he states. 

"Funny," I stretch my fingers and look down at the keys. I haven't played in so long. 

"Do you want me to give you a song?" he asks. 

"No, I've got one," I state and decide on playing 'Beautiful Disaster' by Kelly Clarkson. 

He looks at me as I start and I glare at him with a small smile. It would be a lie to say I hate this right now. I close my eyes as I sing it. This song reminds me so much of Logan, it just fits him to a tee. 

After I finish I look at him and he smiles, "You enjoyed that," he states. I shrug and look down at the keys. "Play another?" he asks. 

"One more," I say, and start to play 'Million Reasons' by Lady Gaga. He raises his eyebrows at me as I reach the high notes.
###chapter 144
**Logan**

Walking down the halls, I hear a piano playing, it's most likely Carl although this sounds a bit too good to be Carl, he's better at the Guitar. As I walk closer to his classroom I hear singing also. A female voice. I get to his classroom to see Megan sat at the piano. I've not seen her play in so long. She told me she doesn't as she didn't want to once her mother died and wasn't allowed to when she did want to. 

I look at her bodyguard to see her smile a little. 

"She's good," she whispers. I nod and watch as she slowly ends the song. 

"You enjoyed that," Carl states with a big smile and Megan shrugs in response. "Play another," 

"One more," Megan agrees.

I don't know the song very well that she plays but I do hope it's not about me. I look behind me to notice some of the students that were still milling about had stopped to listen. Even Mrs Kitson the principal had stopped, it looks like she was in the middle of a discussion. Turning back to Megan I walk in a little and lean against the door. She has such a powerful voice, it amazes me that she hides it so much. 

The song finishes and Carl grins. 

"You know if you can act too I can make you a Disney star," he states. 

"I think I'm too old to be a Disney star," she says with a small laugh. 

"That was amazing," he states.

"Shut up," 

"It's true," I say, and she turns with a jump. I smile at her and look out of the room. "I think many would agree,"

"Oh god," She says, putting her head in her hands. "Never again am I doing this," Carl laughs, sitting next to her to nudge her in the shoulder. I watch as her ears turn a bright shade of pink.

"I came to get you, Carl," he says. 

"Ok honey," he says. 

I sigh, I think every student in the school thinks I'm gay or bisexual now thanks to Carl. I mean I'm not complaining, it's just made students who wouldn't normally give me much attention now do. I'm also pretty sure many of the students believe him and now apparently ship us together whatever that means. I roll my eyes and look at Megan to see her smiling a little. 

The past couple of weeks she seems happier, I think the training with David helps her get some of her frustrations out. He did tell me she's annoyed that she doesn't get to spend any time with me. I wonder if she knows how annoying it is for me too. It's worse when I walk in on her training and she's wearing small shorts and a sports bra. I contemplate walking back out and straight into a cold shower. 

"Sandra's driving you back isn't she?" I ask Megan.

"Yeah," 

"I've just got to do a few things and then I'll be back, ok?" She nods in response and looks at Sandra. 

\---

**Megan**

Logan hadn't come back until late last night, I tried staying awake but I was too tired. David wasn't home when I got home so we didn't end up training. I decided to just play games on the PlayStation with my uncle. Strangely, I beat him at 'Call of Duty'. I found it quite funny. He didn't.

We then ordered a pizza because we didn't think it was fair for Lorraine to cook for just us two. After that we watched a movie, it feels a little like old times, when he would look after me while mom and dad went out on a date. 

I'm sat downstairs in the kitchen, I'd had another nightmare. Logan's home, I went to go into his room but remembered I can't. So I decided to just come downstairs and not wake him up. It's difficult, I feel safe most of the time, but only when I'm at home or school. Any other time and I just get this crippling fear. When I went shopping with the girls for the party that I didn't end up going to, I came home after half an hour. They understood but it's just difficult. I'm technically trapped between home and school.  

I fill my water bottle up and then get up to go to the gym. May as well try and train, it will take my mind off of my nightmare. 

After about an hour I feel someone watching me. I look to see Logan sat on one of the benches in just a pair of dark bottoms. I take my earphones out and walk over to him. 

"How long have you been here?" I ask. 

"About five minutes," he states, and holds my towel out to me. I take it and dab at the sweat on my neck. 

"I guess security told you I was awake," 

"No I heard you leave my room," he states, "I waited for you to come back but you didn't,"

"Yeah well, it's not like I can just climb into your bed," I snap and reach for my water. 

"That's hardly my fault," 

"I know," I say quietly and I can't help but blame him a little. It's not like he tries to have any time with me. 

"C'mon I'll train with you," he says standing up.

"Ok, but if I kick your ass I'm telling David," 

"If you kick my ass you can put it in the newspaper," he says with a small smile. 

We warm-up for about ten minutes when I get a little frustrated. I'm angry at him, for ignoring my texts, and yeah making me so goddamn sexually frustrated. He walks around the house dressed like this most days and it's hell. The other day he spilt a drop of milk on his chest and if there hadn't been other people in the room I think I would have jumped over the counter and licked it off him. I told my therapist this and she burst out laughing. Even the girls laughed at me. It's like my lack of a sex life is funny to everyone. 

I sometimes think it would have been better if we had never slept together. Then I wouldn't know what it was like. He's a tease. 

"What the hell," he says as he just barely missed a kick to the head. He sidesteps my foot and grabs my leg to make me hop on one foot. "Are you trying to knock me out?" he asks.

"No," I say innocently. He pulls on my leg making me press against his body. 

"Then what?" he asks while holding my leg at his hip. I gulp and look up at him. 

"I'm angry at you," 

"For what?" 

"You know what," 

"I don't," 

"You're a pussy tease," I snap and he blinks a couple of times. "Walking around with yourself on show, with your goddamn accent and bed head hair," I pause "if I knew this is what sexual frustration felt like, I wouldn't have slept with you," I snap and he's grinning the entire time I say this to him. "What's so funny," 

"Do you think I like this?" he asks. He picks up my other leg and I wrap my arms around his neck. "I get a boner every time you walk into a room," he says.

"It's not just that though, I've not spent any time with you either,"

"That is my fault," he says, and it's only when my back touches the wall that I realised he'd carried me to here. "I figured if I tried not to be alone with you for too long it would help," he states, and then presses his lips to mine. He pulls back a little too quickly for my liking "it didn't," he states, and presses himself against my core. 

He leans forward and kisses my neck, I look towards the door to see it's closed, I sigh in relief. 

"I locked it when I came in," he states in my ear and I smile a little before pressing my lips to his. 

\---

Pouring my second cup of coffee I yawn and then hold the mug to my nose to sniff it. I may be tired but I feel in such a better mood. To say we just fooled around would be a lie and to say we only had sex once would also be a lie. I don't think I'm going to look at the bench press apparatus the same again. 

I sit at the kitchen table and lay my head on it. 

"Morning," I hear Carl say. I looked up to see him walk in.

Logan and I had to sneak back upstairs in the early hours of this morning because my uncle was already up ready to go into the gym. We hid under the stairs where David then found us five minutes later after Logan banged his elbow on the door. This resulted in me making a quick exit as I felt myself turning red from embarrassment. I got a long shower and then came down here. I've been here for about an hour, trying to keep myself awake. 

"Did you get no sleep?" Carl asks as he sits down next to me.

"No, I had a nightmare," 

"Oh, well if you dream about me you won't," he states, and I lift my head to look at him. 

"Thanks, I'll remember next time," 

Then my uncle walks in. He looks at me and gives me a small smile before pouring himself some cereal and sitting on the other side of me. 

"What have you got planned today then peanut?" he asks me. I smile a little as he hasn't called me that in a while. 

"Netflix,"

"Why don't you go to the mall or something with what's her name?" he asks.

"Melanie?" 

"Yeah her and that ginger one," 

"Yasmin, no I don't feel like it," 

"You've not been out with your friends since I arrived," he states, and at that moment Logan walks in pouring himself the same big bowl of cereal as my uncle. My uncle watches him. "I'm guessing you two went out last night then and you pulled?" he says to Logan. I choke on my coffee and Logan looks at him. "The scratches on your back," he states, and Carl looks and then laughs a little. 

"Err yeah," Logan says. 

"Was she good?" 

"Oh my god," I say, getting up. "Not a conversation I need to hear," I say.

"You don't want to know," Logan says, and my uncle just laughs. 

"That good eh," 

"I'll invite my friends over," I say to my uncle and walk out of the kitchen to the sound of Carl laughing.
###chapter 145
**Three weeks later**

**Logan**

I hold Megan's hand as we take Max for a walk in the woods behind the house. This is one of the ways I'm able to spend some time alone with her where we can talk and just hang out. I'd be lying if I said it didn't mean we got to act like a couple for a change. 

She's wearing a white strappy summer dress with buttons going down the middle and a pair of brown sandals. Her body has changed since training with David. She has more muscle and she's more defined. I like it, I liked how she was before too. I'd noticed in school that Tyler had been taking an interest in her again, heck a lot of the boys had. They talk about her in lessons a lot. I don't think she realises though and I can't blame them, she seems to have so much more confidence now and I don't know if that's to do with me or her training with David or a bit of both. 

I'd noticed she hardly leaves the house, only to go to school and see her therapist. Melanie and Yasmin had both come to tell me they both invite her out but she never comes; she always suggests they come to her or she says no. 

David had mentioned that she's becoming stronger every day and that he wants to do a test run of her skills. She asked him to teach her to defend herself and from what he's told me he thinks she could. But I wonder. He wants to fake a home invasion on her to see if she can. She's wicked fast though, an attacker would have to catch her first and then fight her off. Plus I'm not sure that would sit right with me. 

"You know David will test you at some point right?" I ask.

"Yeah he told me, he said it will probably be when I least expect it," 

"Did he tell you anything else?" 

"That it would be to see if I can defend myself, it will show him how much more he has to teach me," 

"It's sick, he did it to me when I was younger," 

"I'm sure he wouldn't do it if he thought I wasn't ready," she states.

"You trust that old man way too much, you've only been training for six weeks," I state and I decide to speak to David about it. 

"You're so cute when you're worried," she says reaching up and pressing her lips to mine. I smile and hold her close to me.

"I'm not worried it's just the thought of some man chasing my girlfriend with murderous intent that unsettles me," I state and she laughs a little and then Max jumps up at us.

"Ok, I'm sorry Max," she says. This was the only downside to taking Max for a walk together. If he noticed I was holding her in any way he wanted to get in on it too. I'm not jealous of my dog. "I think my uncle is going out tonight," she states, and I look at her. 

The last time we had sex was out here a week ago and I think we scrapped that idea after we saw one of the security guys on patrol. I don't think they saw or heard us because I sent a text out to them all that we were taking the dog for a walk so they could chill out a little bit while we were gone. I only did that because Max attacked one of them when we took him out, so it's safe to say we're safe with Max around. 

"When you say out?" I ask. 

"He's going out drinking with some of his old SEAL buddies," 

"How do you know?"

"He told me he's going to invite you along," she says 

"Seriously? What do I say to him?

"Tell him you have to grade papers or something," she says with a shrug and throws the stick for Max again. 

"I'll think of something," I say, and hold her to me. 

\---

Walking into the gym, I see Megan doing what I'm guessing is yoga. Never done it myself, I'm about as flexible as a pane of glass. I can touch my toes and that's about it. Brett is on the treadmill and they're both talking to each other. Then Carl walks in behind. 

"Woah, I did not know she could do that," he says tilting his head as he watches Megan hold her leg up straight so she's stood on one foot and presses her head to her knee. "I love it when they can bend like that," he states, and I look at him. "I'm just saying," he mutters and walks towards the weights. 

I watch as she turns her head towards me. She slowly lets go of her leg and then slowly goes down into the splits. 

"The sex between you tow must be intense," Carl states, and I look at him.

"What?" I ask as I do a double-take. "Shut up he'll hear you," 

"If you don't want him to know stop eye-fucking each other," he says, and places his towel on the floor and sits on one of the bench presses.

"You should know we fucked there," I say to him and walk towards the treadmills. I look behind me at him to see he's debating on moving. I can tell he's trying to figure out if it was cleaned afterwards. I chuckle to myself and start my warm-up. 

I watch Megan from the mirror and its torture. This is one of the many reasons I don't come into the gym when she is in. She either flirts with me or distracts me without even realising she's doing it. 

When I watch her spar with David or even Brett it makes me proud of how strong she's becoming. Her confidence grows every day with it too. Having her uncle here has improved her mood. I think having someone in her life who is a blood relative helps. Because now she has only him. She wants nothing to do with her grandfather and she's never mentioned anyone on her mother's side of the family. 

After about twenty minutes she's sparring with her uncle and even manages to land a few hits, which surprises him. At this very moment he has talked me into sparring with her and I wish I hadn't agreed. She's only wearing a pair of shorts and a sports bra. It would seem she is more comfortable with her body now as well. I do believe it is just us as at school she tends to wear clothes that cover her better. 

The scars from her self-harming are on show and I know that when her uncle first saw all the scarring from Benjamin and herself, he lost his shit. He wanted to know why I had allowed her to do this. I had told him I hadn't and I couldn't physically stop her from doing it. He walked out of the room then. From what Megan told me she spoke to him afterwards and about two days later he apologised to me. 

I hold Megan in a headlock. She goes to elbow me in the ribs but I wrap my other arm around her torso, pressing her to me. 

"Tap out," I say in her ear.

"No," she struggles to say. I sigh and tighten my hold on her neck moving it into the sleeper hold. It is then her leg comes up in front of us and she kicks me in the head. Her flexibility is honestly not fair. Whenever we spar this is what helps her into nearly winning me. I let go of her and step back. I look at her to see that behind her is David and her friends standing watching. She then runs at me kicking me in the chest and I'm not sure she realised how hard she's hit me. 

I fall backwards hard onto the ground and try to catch my breath. She stands above me and looks down. 

"Are you ok?" she asks with her hands on her hips and a small smile on her face. That's it, enough going easy on her. I jump onto my feet and get into the correct stance. "Be careful you have a bad leg remember," she says with a grin. And I hear Melanie laugh.

"If I win now would it be considered unfair?" I ask her. 

"Logan, you know to go easy," David says, and Megan looks at him.

"What do you mean?" 

"I could have beaten you a minute or less into this," I state and her eyes narrow at me and I know I've pissed her off. "It's the truth, wouldn't be fair for me to go all out on you when you've only been training for a couple of months," 

"So you've been going easy on me?" she asks. I gulp at the look on her face. 

"Yes," I admit and that just causes her to explode. She runs at me and she aims for my face. I block each hit. "Don't aim for the face, we have a rule for that," I say as I dodge her high kick. She tilts her head and shrugs as does a backflip toward me, I block with both arms crossed at my head. She kicks off my arms, lands on her knees, and then punches me in the groin. I drop to my knees and see stars as pain radiates throughout my body. 

"You never said that was off-limits," she states, and walks away from me and out of the gym slamming the door shut. I hear them laughing and I look to David and Carl to see them grinning at me. 

"Shouldn't have angered her," Brett says. "Women know our permanent weak spot," he states, and walks out. 

"I don't think I'll be able to walk straight for a week," I manage to say through the pain. 

"We'll go calm her down," Melanie says, dragging Yasmin with her. 

"Can someone get me some ice?" I ask, and David laughs before walking out. Carl helps me stand up and I sit on one of the benches.
###chapter 146
**Logan**

"What's the deal with you and Yasmin?" I ask him as I had noticed they tried their best to not even look at each other.

"We slept together, I said I wanted to have a relationship. She told me it was just a bit of fun, nothing more and that no relationship can happen," he states as if it's fact. 

"I see," I say, and then David walks in with ice, he hands me it and then starts to clear up. 

"I can hold that for you if you like," Carl states with a grin. 

"I'm good," I say moving the ice down my pants. 

"I can't believe I've been rejected by an 18yr old," he states.

"Maybe she isn't wanting a relationship," I suggest.

"Are you talking about Yasmin?" David asks. We nod. "It's because she's engaged," 

"What?" we both ask. 

"Her family is the mafia, she's promised to another, to strengthen their family all of the children in that circle are promised to others," he states.

"How do you know?" I ask. 

"I know her uncle and father, but her uncle more, I hired her uncle for the job," he states, and I raise an eyebrow and look at Carl. 

"So she's forced to marry someone?" he asks. 

"Yes and no, she's not forced but if she doesn't she has to suffer the consequences," he states. "Whoever she does end up with will probably be killed, it's more if you're not going to be with anyone we choose then you will be with no one," he explains. 

"And there's no way they'd change their mind?" I ask. 

"No, I'd help her but that's a suicide mission," he states. "I also wouldn't know where to start," he adds. 

I look at Carl, he sighs and stands up.

"I guess that's that then," he says before walking out. I sigh and look down at my groin. 

"I can't believe she did that," I state. David laughs and sits down next to me. 

"You shouldn't have left yourself open," he states, and I turn to look at him. I shake my head and reposition myself. 

\---

**Megan**

I storm into my room, slamming the door behind me. I thought I was getting stronger and to find out that he was just going easy on me annoys me. The whole point of the training was to make myself strong, make it so I could defend myself if I needed to. But this just shows I'm still weak and I'll always be weak. 

Stripping off I get into the shower. I probably shouldn't have punched him in the nuts but I was so angry with him. It's embarrassing to think I'm stronger than I am. 

After my shower, I walked into my room to see Melanie and Yasmin sat on my bed scrolling through their phones. They look towards me and smile. 

"You broke the poor man," Melanie states.

"He'll get over it," I say, and go into my wardrobe to get dressed in a pair of bottoms and a vest top. 

"So are we going to this party?" Yasmin asks me as I walk out. 

"You guys can, I don't feel like it,"

"You never feel like it," Melanie states. I sigh and look down at my phone. I know she doesn't mean it in a bad way. I know that she's wanting to escape a little from her own life due to what is happening with Brendon and what she is going through. 

I only found out last week that Brendon had had brain surgery to remove a tumour and that they didn't know if it was cancerous until they had taken it out. They're still waiting on his results. Melanie had told me she spoke to her mom about what happened in England but that was it. She didn't tell me anything else. 

"That's because Logan keeps her in," Yasmin says.

"No, we don't have sex in here," 

"Oh, so where then?" Yasmin asks

"I feel like I'm talking to Julie," 

"Someone has to act like Julie while she's loved up with Scott," Melanie states. 

"Yeah I did not see that coming, Logan said that he has hardly heard from him," 

"It's nice that she's happy," Yasmin says. "I just want our pervert back," she mutters. I laugh and then the door opens. Logan looks at me and scowls.

"Food is ready," he grumbles and glares at me as Melanie and Yasmin stand and walk out of my room. He shuts my bedroom door and sits on the buffet at my vanity. I sigh and walk towards him moving my arms around his neck. 

"I'm sorry," I say quietly, "I was angry at you and I know I shouldn't have resorted to hitting you like that," I say. He sighs and moves his hands to my hips. 

"What angered you?"

"I thought I was getting stronger and now I know I'm just as weak as I was when I started," 

"No you're not," he says, and stands up. "You're stronger than what you were, you're amazingly strong and there is no doubt in my mind that you'd be able to defend yourself if need be," he explains and moves my hair from my face. "I went easy on you because the last thing I want to do is hurt you, and David says the same," he adds.

"Really?" I ask, and he nods. I look down at his lap and move my hands up his thighs. "I'm sorry," I say again. He smiles and kisses me on the cheek. 

"It's ok," 

"If my uncle does go out tonight I can kiss it better for you," I say shyly and he chuckles and stands up. 

"Well, I'll keep my fingers crossed for him going out,"

\---

Logan lays next to me panting. I move my hair off my face and place my hand on his chest as I try to catch my breath. My uncle is out which meant one thing. This is the first time we've slept together in my bed. We were able to take our time also. It was just like the first time only better. 

I move to lay my head on his chest and his arm comes round to stroke up and down my back. I move my hand down his chest to his semi-hard penis. He looks at me and I smile a little before nipping his nipple with my teeth. 

"I think I've turned you into a monster," he says. 

"Hmm maybe," I say as I move my leg over his body and move on top of him. "Or I just really like having you close to me like this," I state. 

I move up, placing my hands on his abdomen. He sits up a little and moves his hand through my hair before pulling me to him to kiss me. The sheet wrapped around my body drops and pools at my waist as I kiss him. His hands move around my back and then down to my butt. 

His hips move up, rubbing his dick at my core. I moan and move to lower myself onto him. He groans as he pushes into me. 

"Fuck," he says, and pulls on my hair a little. Moaning I push him down onto the bed and slowly move my hips. 

Then the door opens.

"Megan," I hear my uncle whisper. "What the hell!"
###chapter 147
**Megan**

"What the fuck is going on?" he snaps. I move off Logan, wrapping the sheet around me. Logan reaches for his boxers. I gulp as my fear tries to take hold of me. "I won't ask again," 

"Just calm down," Logan says, getting up off the bed. 

"Who the hell are you telling to calm down?" My uncle moves towards Logan and I see it happen before it does. Brett punches Logan square in the face. "Who the fuck do you think you are fucking my daughter?" he shouts at Logan. "You fucking pervert," he yells. 

I frown at what he says. I heard that right. That wasn't my brain playing tricks on me. It's my uncle who is stood in front of me right now trying to beat up my boyfriend. It's my uncle who just called me his daughter. 

Logan dodges another blow but my uncle hits him in the stomach. 

"Stop it," I yell. Logan doesn't fight back and I know it's because of me. I grab Logan's t-shirt and pull it on and go to pull my uncle away from him. 

"I'll kill you," he snarls as he pushes me away and then goes back to hitting Logan. It is then David walks in. He walks up to my uncle and wraps his arm around his neck and drags him out of my room. "Get the hell off me," he snaps. I look at Logan to see his nose is bleeding and by the look of things his mouth. 

Wiping the tears from my cheeks, I walk towards Logan who is laid on the floor. I kneel to him and grab the sheet to hold it to his nose. 

"I'm sorry," I cry, and then I hear footsteps. I look behind us to see Melanie, Yasmin, and Carl. 

"I've had worse," Logan states, and wipes his nose. 

"Why didn't you fight back?" 

"That's not what was needed," he states, and moves to wipe a tear from my cheek. "Plus I doubt that's what you would want," I smile in response. 

Melanie walks over to us with a wet flannel. I thank her and hold it to his nose. 

"You just keep getting beaten up today," Carl states. "First you get beaten up by a girl and now you've gotten beaten up by said girl's uncle," he states. I glare at Carl, "Let's hope he hasn't ruined your pretty face," he says, and tilts his head at us. 

"Shut up Carl," we all say at once. He laughs and walks out. 

Logan gets up and sits on the bed. He places his hand in mine and looks up at me. 

"Are you ok?" he asks. I nod and look down. "You heard what he called you?" he asks. I nod which means it wasn't my mind playing tricks on me, he heard it too. I look at Melanie and Yasmin to see them frowning. 

"I should go talk to him, shouldn't I?" I ask. 

"Yeah, that'll be the best thing to do," 

"I'm scared, what if he gets angry at me?" I ask.

"David is down there, he wouldn't let anything happen to you," 

I nod and pick up my tracksuit bottoms pulling them on underneath his t-shirt. 

"Stay up here," I say. 

He nods and l walk out of my room and down the stairs and it's then I can hear him. He sounds so angry. I follow his voice into the kitchen and stand at the door to see him pacing back and forth near the sink. He looks towards me and frowns and then looks away. David walks towards me and steps behind me.

"I'll be out here," he says with a yawn and stands just outside the kitchen. Most likely to stop Brett from running upstairs and attacking Logan. 

I walk to the island counter and sit down facing him. The counter is the only thing separating us. I'm not even sure how I start this conversation or even explain to him that what he's thinking isn't true. But he just caught me having sex with my teacher.

"He's your teacher," he states breaking the silence between us. He's not facing me, his whole body is turned to the kitchen sink.

*Yes," my voice is small, I know if he wanted he'd be able to take David and then get up the stairs and kill Logan. 

"He's a lot older than you,"

"7 years,"

"You just turned 18," I say nothing at that, granted I turned 18 in February and it's the middle of May. "I should have noticed this, it was weird from the get-go, I knew something was off about him,"

"It's not him," I say, and that's when he turns to me. "None of this is against my will, he hasn't done anything to me," I say.

"You're 18 and you've been through hell, he's taking advantage," 

"No, he isn't," I snap and wipe the tears from my cheeks. "He isn't the one that initiated this, I did, I like him, he makes me happy and he would never hurt me," 

"He's your god damn teacher Megan," he snaps.

"I know and I don't care, please just try to understand," I say looking at him and he frowns at me. 

"You love him," he says. 

I sigh and look down at my hands. I wipe my cheeks again. 

"The last person I loved used it against me, I vowed to never love anyone ever again, family, friend or partner," I say looking at him. "So I hope that whatever it is I'm feeling for him isn't love but something greater and better," I say. 

"Ok," is all he says, and then walks around the island counter to sit next to me. 

"All I know is that he makes me happy, he makes me feel like me again and I think I deserve that," I state. 

"You do, I just, there's so many obstacles to come for you, it's going to be difficult," he states

"It's already been difficult, he has put up with so much from me, my mood swings aren't great, when I have nightmares he feels so powerless and I can see him getting annoyed with himself, then there's his uncle that just didn't want us to be together because he hates him. So whatever we come across I know we'll find a way around it," 

"If this becomes public he'll be taken from you," he states.

"It won't become public, he has handed in his resignation, he will do the rest of the year and then he's going to England," I say looking at him. "I'm going with him," 

"Megan," he starts

"There's not much here for me Brett, he's all I have and I'm happy with that," I say.

"Your friends?" he asks. 

"He said he can fly them out to see me whenever I or they want," he frowns at me, "He's like a millionaire, he only went into teaching because he wanted to do it, he's going back to England to take over the family business," 

He sighs and looks away from me, his hands move to his face and he rubs his eye before turning back to me. 

"He looks after me," I reassure him. "Have you not noticed he does everything I want to do? I get to pick everything we do, eat, watch, the man treats me like a princess," I state. 

"I'm just trying to think what your mom would say about all of this," he states.

"I think she'd give me a high five," I say, and he laughs.

"Probably," he pauses and looks at me, "It's going to take me time to accept this," he says, and I nod. 

Silence weaves into the room as I sit looking at him. I want to ask him what he meant upstairs. He called me his daughter, that's confusing as hell. 

"What's wrong?" He asks. 

"Upstairs you called me your daughter " 

"I did," I frown at him. "That's because you are," he pauses and gets up. "I'll be back in a minute," he states, and walks out. 

I hear David stop him and then he tells him not to worry. I sigh and get up to get myself a drink of water. David walks in and starts to fill a jug up with water. 

"Are you ok?" 

"Yeah, just confused," I say, and down my glass of water. 

He gives me a small smile and then my uncle returns. He sits down and then looks at me. I walk over and sit down next to him. David walks out of the room as Brett hands me a piece of paper. 

"Your mother and I had an affair, I was in love with her, to be honest. She met Jonathon when she was 16 and her circumstances at home weren't great so she moved out with him pretty quickly. I met her a year later and I was just in love with her," he explains. I open the piece of paper to see its a paternity test. 

I read it as it tells me that Jonathon isn't my father but my uncle, and Brett is my biological father. I look at him and he gives me a small smile before looking away from me. 

"I don't understand," I say quietly. Why would my mother not tell me this? 

"Louise and Jonathan had an argument one night and she left him, I told her she could stay with me as I was renting a place temporarily and there was an extra room. And well I don't really need to explain what happened, but 9 months later you were born. She told me for the first five years that you weren't mine. I think she was scared of Jonathon because she did love him. I confessed my feelings to her and she got angry. She told me to get over them,"

"Why would she do that?" 

"I think she felt that she owed him because he got her out of the situation with her family and he'd paid for her to go to college, she just didn't want to hurt him I guess, it was only when I get a paternity test done myself did I find out," 

"Why didn't you say anything?" 

"She begged me not to, and she told me she didn't love me, yet we would sleep together whenever I came back home,"

"Is that why you would stay with us?" I ask

"Yes and no, I stayed because Jonathon would always offer as I don't get on with your grandad and because I wanted to be near you, I was able to watch you grow and be near you both," 

"I see," I say looking down at the piece of paper in my hands. I'm not sure how to feel about this. The fact he's my father and not Jonathon makes me happy but also a little sad. Jonathon was amazing the first 14years of my life, he was like my best friend. "Did Jonathon know?" I ask.

"No, your mother told him the day she died," he pauses, "she planned on leaving him, that night she wasn't on her way to pick you up, she was on her way to me," he states. I stand up and walk away from him.

"Jonathan said to the police that she was coming to pick me up," I state as I stand near the sink. 

"She wrote him a letter that night explaining she was leaving him for me, that you weren't his and that she was taking you with her," he states. "She called me from the car and told me to pick you up, that she'd packed you a bag and that she'd meet us both at the motel I was staying at," he explains.  

"He made me think it was my fault," I say quietly. 

"No he chased her in the car and she ended up running a red light because of him," 

"But a drunk driver hit her," 

"Yeah he did but if Jonathon hadn't chased her in his car she wouldn't have run the red light and the drunk driver would have never hit her," he states. 

"He killed her because she wanted to leave him," I say, and feel myself cry. He gets up and comes to hug me. He wraps his arms around me and I can't help but push him away. "I hate him, he has taken everything from me," I cry and walk out of the kitchen, I walk straight into Logan.

"Everything ok?" He asks.

"Megan," Brett calls and stops behind me once he notices Logan. 

"What's wrong?" Logan asks me. I look at him, his nose has stopped bleeding and it looks like it's starting to bruise. He moves his hands to my arms and gives me a little shake I blink and look down as I feel myself cry more. He wipes the tears from my cheeks and pulls me into a hug. "Whatever it is, it'll be ok,"

"He took everything from me, Logan," I cry. He holds me tighter and it's what I need.
###chapter 148
**Logan**

I couldn't stay upstairs anymore, I needed to come down and get some ice for my nose and some painkillers. The moment he walked in on us I knew what was going to happen, I didn't want to hit him back, I needed to de-escalate the situation for Megan. When he called her his daughter it confirmed my suspicions, it also meant one less job for David as I had asked him to look into Brett a little more for me. 

When I came down I had heard Megan crying and then walked to the kitchen to see her walking out. Brett was behind her trying to come after her. 

I look towards him as I hold Megan in my arms. He scowls at me and looks away. 

"You need some sleep," I say to Megan, she shakes her head. "Take one of your tablets to help you and then whatever it is you're discussing you can discuss in the morning," I suggest. She had moved on from the strong sleeping meds to the more natural ones a few weeks ago. She was in talks with her therapist to lower her anxiety meds and depression meds. I'm not sure if that is a good thing or not though. 

"C'mon," I say walking to the kitchen to get her meds from the cupboard. Her uncle watches us as I take out her box of medication. 

"Are they all yours?" he asks her. She nods and fills a glass up with water. 

"I don't take them all anymore," she says, and then looks at him. "Just the important ones," 

"Which are?" he asks. She doesn't answer and just takes the bottle of natural sleeping tablets out. 

"She only takes her antidepressant and anti-anxiety meds now, the sleeping ones she takes when she needs them,"

"Oh," he says. 

"And the pill," she adds, "not that it matters when I can't get pregnant," she says with a roll of her eyes and then takes her tablets. 

"What do you mean?" he asks. She sighs and shakes her head as she walks out of the kitchen. He looks at me for an explanation. 

"Jonathan got her pregnant a lot and she would miscarry every time because of the beatings, she now will have trouble getting pregnant, it's a bit of a touchy subject for her." 

"So that's what she means when she says he took everything," he says sitting on one of the stools. I nod and put her pills back. 

"Why was she upset?" I ask as I go to pour myself a stiffer drink. I pour him one too and then go to the freezer to take out the bag of peas and some ice. "Is it because you're her dad?" I ask placing some ice into his glass and then in mine and then I hold the bag of peas to my face. 

"No, at least I don't think so," he explains and then continues to tell me what they had been discussing. What he has said does explain the anger Benjamin has towards Megan. It always confused me as to why he directed all of his anger to her. 

"That's a lot to find out in one night," I say. Then Carl walks in "Is she asleep?"

"Yeah Max is with her, she made David stay in case she has a nightmare" he states "Are we playing nice down here?" he asks. I glare at him and look at Brett who I now should refer to as her father. 

"How long have you two been seeing each other?" he asks. 

"Since February," I answer.

"She says you make her happy," I smile at that "do you love her?" 

"Yeah," I'm not going to beat around the bush with this. "I think I've loved her from the moment I had a conversation with her, I know that the Megan I met the first time around probably wasn't her true self but every day I see something new about her and I fall even harder for her," I pause "I'm not going to sit here and makeup excuses, I love her and there's nothing I can really do to change that," I explain. 

"You sound like me when I would talk about her mom, just in a different accent," he says with a small smirk. "Just don't hurt her," 

"You're ok with us being together?" I ask

"There's not much I can do, she's 18, she was 18 when this started and you're resigning at the end of the school year, I can see you care for her and I think if I did anything she'd hate me," 

"She wouldn't hate you,"

"She would, she loves you, I can tell that with how she defended you down here, whether she's ready to accept that I'm not sure," I wasn't so sure about that. I honestly believe she'd stop herself from loving me if she has to.
###chapter 149
**Megan**

My therapist watches me as I pace up and down. I'd asked for an appointment for today. After last night I needed it. She agreed even though I'm having a session tomorrow. I explained briefly to her over the phone what had happened.

Logan and Brett are both sat in the reception waiting for me.

Sarah taps her pen on her notebook and waits patiently. She hasn't said anything to me. She just asked me how I felt about everything. 

"Megan, you're spiralling," she states, and I look up from the floor to her. 

"Of course I fucking am," I snap and then sigh "sorry, I don't mean to take it out on you," I say, and continue my pacing. "I'm so angry," 

"At who?"

"Jonathon, my mom, Brett," I list. 

"Brett is outside?" she asks. I nod. "Does he know you're angry with him?" I shake my head and rub my temples. "What are you angry at him for?" 

"Everything, for hitting Logan, for telling me now, for" I trail off and sit on the couch and start to cry. 

"For what Megan?" she asks. I shake my head and look away from her, "you need to tell him why you're angry at him," she says. I shake my head and bring my legs up so my knees are at my chest and I can't seem to get myself to stop crying. He could have stopped all this from happening. He could have prevented it. He could have gotten me out of there. He knew what he was exactly like. I'm just angry. 

"Do you want me to give you a minute?" I nod. "Do you want me to talk to him?" she asks, and I nod. I watch her walk out of the room. 

He abandoned me to that monster and my mother, I know there's no point in being angry at a dead person, but she could have told me when I was at the hospital, and I got to say goodbye to her. She didn't; she abandoned me too. 

"Megan?" I hear Brett say. I look at him, and I can feel the anger in me. Logan walks in after him and the look on his face it's like he knows what I'm thinking. 

"Why don't you take a seat, Brett," Sarah says as she sits in her chair. Brett sits next to me, and I stand and go behind the couch. "Tell him how you're feeling Megan," I shake my head and lean against the window. 

"She's angry at you," Logan states. I look at him, and he looks at me.

"Logan let Megan tell him," Sarah says, causing Logan to smile and lean against the door. I feel him watch me as I start pacing again. "Megan," she urges. 

How do I tell him all of what I'm thinking, that I feel abandoned right now? The voice in my head tells me I'm correct, I am abandoned. That people will always be alone. That sooner or later, Logan will leave me too. They left me with that monster, they allowed all of this to happen. 

'Purposefully, I'm not wanted, they don't want me, they wanted him to kill me," 

Why does this always happen? These negative thoughts are constant, I try my best to stop them but they're so loud. The only thing that silences them is when I'm with Logan or when I self-harm.

I look up towards Logan to see him still watching me. I quickly look away as I know he'll know what I'm thinking. He knew the night I had that terrible nightmare and right now I can't do anything and it's making everything worse. I suddenly feel trapped like I can't breathe. 

I'm having a panic attack, I can feel my heart in my chest and I want to vomit. My vision becomes slightly blotchy. I squeeze my eyes shut as I try to centre myself but all that does is make my thoughts louder. 

Then I feel an arm around my waist and lips pressed to my own. I know instantly it's Logan. 

"Calm down," he says against my lips and then pulls away "Come back to me," I nod in response and open my eyes to look at him. "Take a few deep breaths," he says as he wipes the tears from my cheek. I nod and do as he says. I concentrate on my breathing now that the thoughts have faded into the background and I can no longer hear them. 

"Do you have to do that in front of me?" I hear Brett say. 

"Well it's either this or she slits her wrists, pick one?" Logan snaps. I close my eyes as I hug him. Brett is silent as I try to ground myself. I feel so drained. 

Logan walks me to the couch and sits down pulling me in next to him so he's now sat between Brett and me. 

"Shall we try again?" Sarah asks me. I look at her and then at Logan's hand in mine. I don't want to, I want to go home and sleep. "What were you thinking?" she asks. My vision blurs as tears well in my eyes. I can't say it. Saying it makes it true. There's no going back once you've said things out loud. "Ok let's try something different, is there anything you want to ask Brett?" she says. 

I look at Brett to see he's looking at Sarah. Sarah looks at him which causes him to look away from her. 

"Yeah," I say quietly. He looks at me with such guilt in his eyes I'm not sure I can ask it. 

"Ask him," Sarah says. Logan nudges me a little.

"Why" my mouth feels like it has cotton in it. I squeeze Logan's hand and then take a deep breath. "Why did you leave me with him? Why didn't you take me? Why did you just leave? You just left with no word. You left me with that monster when you knew what he was like and capable of. You abandoned me," I rushed out. 

"No, I didn't abandon you," he says moving closer to me. "I couldn't deal with her dying, that's the crux of it, I was a coward, I left because it was the only thing I could think of doing, I never once thought he'd hurt you, he adored you, I thought he'd continued acting like he knew nothing because that's what he did at her funeral," he explains and gets up to kneel in front of me. "I'm so sorry, if I had known, I would never have left, or I would have been on the first flight out," he says taking my hands in his. Logan lets go and move a little to give us more space. 

"I don't even know what to call you," I say quietly. 

"Anything you want, you just need to know, that you're my daughter and I will protect you from anything and I'm here for you for whenever you need me to be," 

"Until you get another assignment," I mutter. 

"No, I'm on leave, I told them they either give me an office job or I quit," he states, and I look at him. 

"You love your job," I say. 

"Not as much as you, I would have been back sooner but I had to finish my mission, being so close and everything, but I'm all yours now," he states. I nod and give his hand a small squeeze.

"What set off the panic attack?" Sarah asks. Logan moves away from me so that Brett, my father can sit next to me. It's strange to think of him as my father. I shrug and look down.  

"I just got into my head," I say, "Jonathon has taken so much from me, what's to say he doesn't take the people I have now?" I ask 

"He's hardly a trained assassin," she states, and looks at Logan and Brett. "He's quite powerless right now Megan, you're the one giving him this power over you," she says. 

I sigh and pick at my nails a little as I know she's right. There's a difference between knowing all of this and knowing it and accepting it. 

"Ok let us talk about something else," she points to Logan and Brett, "I'm confused about how this happened, how do you know about these two?" she asks him. That's one part I left out, I only came in and told her about Brett being my father. 

"He walked in on Logan and me," I say quietly. 

"Oh," she says, and her eyes widen a little as she writes something down. "Wait I thought you two weren't sleeping together," she states. 

"I broke him," I say with a small smile and Brett glares at me. 

"What is that supposed to mean?" Brett asks. I smile and look across him at Logan. Sarah looks at Logan. 

"What does she mean Logan?" Sarah asks. 

"I don't think this is a conversation her father needs to hear," Logan says, and it feels weird hearing those words. I turn to Brett. 

"Seen as though you asked, Logan and I first slept together in England, he told me we weren't going to sleep together in America until he'd stopped working as a teacher but I wasn't happy with that and three weeks later we fucked in the gym," I state. His jaw drops open and Logan shakes his head.

"That's one way to put it," he says, and looks at me, "My nose is already broken," Logan snaps at me. I laugh and look at Sarah.

"You never said you two were back having sex," 

"I didn't think it was a big deal," 

"The gym?" Brett asks "Where in the gym? No don't tell me," he says looking away from me. "I don't want to know," 

"You use protection? Correct?" Sarah asks. 

"I'm on birth control," I say, and she nods. 

"So you were having sex when Brett walked in, that's why you have the broken nose," she says pointing to Logan. Logan nods and I see a small smile forms on her lips as if she finds it funny but is trying her hardest not to show it. 

"I would have broken his nose if they weren't having sex," Brett says, and I smile to myself. 

"You must have known seeing you be violent like that would affect Megan," Sarah states to Brett. He looks down as guilt flashes across his face "You didn't fight back Logan?" Logan shakes his head. "And you're ok with their relationship?" she asks Brett.

"I spoke to them both individually and well Megan is 18, she's mature enough to make her own decisions and after seeing how they interact with each other I can tell there's nothing sinister going on, but if he hurts her I'll break his legs," he threatens. 

\---
###chapter 151
**A week later**
**Megan**

Logan strokes up and down my arm as I lay with him in bed. I'd woken up from a nightmare about an hour ago. He had decided it was best we slept in different rooms still but that didn't stop me from sneaking into his room this morning following my nightmare. Max lays across the bed with his head on my hip. He followed me in from my room. 

"Why does Carl keep making me play the piano at school?" I ask as I pet Max.

"You as well, I heard he's planning a charity school concert," he states. "I'd rather just give the money to whatever organisation it's for," 

"I'm not playing," I state.

"He wants you to sing too," I look up at him to see his eyes are closed. 

"The cheek of him," 

"Yep," he says with a yawn and holds me closer. I sigh and lay my head on his chest. 

"I'm gonna have to beat him up," he laughs and continues to run his fingers up and down my arm. 

"Get in line," 

"We have to get up," I say looking at the clock.

"Ten more minutes," he counters and pulls me on top of him, disrupting Max and making him sigh. I smile and lay my head back on his chest. "What was your nightmare?" he asks. I shake my head and move out of his grasp. 

"Same as always," I say, and get out of bed. "It was a memory," I clarified and picked my dressing gown up off the floor to put it on. Logan looks at me from the bed and sighs. "I'm not in a mood before you say it, I don't want to talk about it and I'd rather just act like I never had one," I explain as I tie my dressing gown belt. 

"Ok," is all he says, and reaches out to take my hand. "As long as you're ok," he states, and pulls me to kiss him. 

"I'll be ok," I say into the kiss and pull away from him. "We need to get out of bed,"

"Or," he pulls me to him completely so I fall across him. I let out a yelp and giggle as he holds me to him, "We need to stay in bed all day," he presses his lips to mine. 

"I like that idea," I say, and then remember I'm on my period. I push him away. "We can't," I say getting up again. He sighs and falls back. "Time of the month," 

"Isn't that what anal is for," he says, and I shake my head at him. 

"Are you spending too much time with Carl?" I ask him as he gets out of bed. He tilts his head and shrugs.

"Maybe," he states, and walks into the bathroom.  

**\---**

Logan walks into the kitchen and looks right at me. I hadn't gotten dressed yet when I left his room I just came straight down here and got some coffee. I thought getting some coffee and having some breakfast might make me more motivated to get dressed and go to school. Brett walks in after him and goes straight for the coffee, he's not normally up this early. Carl had already come down and eaten, he's now upstairs getting ready. 

Lorraine gives me a small smile as she places the plate of pancakes, eggs, and bacon in front of me and my stomach is already full just from looking at it. Logan sits down at the table next to me and Lorraine puts an even bigger portion in front of him. The only difference is he doesn't have pancakes he has a ton of eggs and toast and the same for Brett. 

"I didn't know you were going to be up Brett," she says.

"My boss called," he says, and then looks at the food. 

"You can have David's portion, I'll make some more for him," she says sitting down and taking a sip of her coffee. "Are you ok Megan, sweetheart?" 

"Yeah I'm just not hungry, I'm sorry," I say quietly and I feel a little guilty. 

"Eat some of it," Logan says. I look at him then at the plate, he sighs and picks up my plate to put a pancake on his plate and then a pancake on Bretts, leaving me with the bacon and eggs. "Better?" he asks. I nod and take a piece of bacon. 

"Are you ok?" Brett asks. 

"Yeah, I just feel a bit off today, I didn't get much sleep," I say 

"Why?" 

"Nightmare, I've been having them all week,"

"You never said anything to me," Logan states.

I look down at my food and I know I can't eat the rest. I sigh and push my plate away.

"I'm not going to school," I say standing up moving my food onto Logan's plate, and then walking to the dishwasher. 

"You are," Logan states. 

"I'm not," 

"Why? So you can sit here and get even more depressed?" he asks. I sigh and walk out of the room. I'm not arguing with him over it. I'm taking a day to myself and there's nothing he can do about it. 

I walk into my bedroom and shut the door behind me before getting into bed. Logan will probably come to get me and it will probably result in him leaving in a mood and then I'll just sit here even more upset. 

After about ten minutes I hear my bedroom door open. 

"I'm not going Logan so don't even try," I say as I move my cover over my head. 

"Good job I'm not Logan," I hear Brett say. I lift the covers off my head and sit up to look at him. He smiles at me and sits on my bed. "Do you want to talk about your nightmare?" he asks. I shake my head and look at my lap. "I don't think he meant to upset you, he's just worried about you," 

"I know, I've just been having nightmares every night this week, he knows that when he sleeps in the same rooms as me I don't have as many nightmares," 

"He's not sleeping in here?" he asks with a frown. "I thought he was," 

"Well he goes with David to take Max on a run and he comes back hours later," 

"But still," 

"I know, I think it's because of you," 

"Me?" 

"I think he thinks that you won't like him if he sleeps in my room all the time," 

He sighs, "So I scare him?" he asks.

"I'm not sure, I think he wants you to like him for me, but it's not like we're going to have sex every night," 

"Nope don't want to hear about you having sex, " he says shaking his head and closing his eyes. I smile at him, "Him sleeping in here doesn't bother me if it means you get a decent night sleep," 

"Well, you need to tell him that,"

"I will, why don't you try to sleep and I'll come and wake you a little later," he suggests, I nod and watch him as he gets up and leaves my room. 

\---
###chapter  152
**Logan**

"Are you sure she'll be happy to see us? She's been off with us for a while now," Yasmin states.

"She's not being off with you, she's just not in a great headspace and I think having you all stay the weekend might boost her mood a little.

"Capturing her dad might boost her mood more," Melanie mutters. I frown had Megan not told them what she'd recently found out. I say nothing and pull into the drive. 

I sigh and look at all three of them sat in the back. 

"She's been having nightmares again, she has a session in an hour and usually she comes back in a bit of a better mood, so fingers crossed she'll be more sociable," 

They nod in response and we all get out of the car. We walk into the house to see Lorraine sat at the stairs. She gets up and she has that worried look she gets. She chews her bottom lip and often rubs her hands together when she's really worried. 

"What's wrong?" I ask putting my hands on her arms to comfort her. 

"Megan, she's been in the gym all day, I've tried to get her to come out to rest but she won't, every time I walk in she's doing something different. She's not eaten a thing the whole day," 

"Where's Brett?" I ask as I start to walk towards the gym. 

"He went out about two hours after you left, she's been in there since,"

"She's been in the gym for seven hours?" I ask, shocked.

I walk into the gym to see her on the treadmill. She's wearing her usual shorts and sports bra but I notice the bandages around her hands. Walking up to her I stand at the side of her to see she's been running for the last hour and she's only doing around 6mph at the moment. Her whole body is dripping in sweat, and the bandages around her hands are covered in blood. 

"Hey," I say to her, she looks at me and gives me a small smile. I sigh and take the emergency stop off making the treadmill come to a stop. She looks at me and frowns. "How long have you been here?" I ask. 

"About an hour," she says as she picks up her towel and dabs the sweat from her face and neck. 

"Funny I was told you've been in here for the best part of seven hours," I state. I watch her as she stumbles a little but she catches herself. I follow her and she moves to the cross-trainer. "Megan, don't you think you've been here long enough?" the fact she's still standing amazes me. She sways on her feet a little and I catch her. 

I look towards the door ready to call for help when I see David. 

"I've got an ice bath ready for her," he states. I nod and stand up and hold her to me. Her whole body is drenched in sweat, she's tried to work out until she can't anymore. 

"I'm not done," she mutters to me as she tries to push me away from her. 

"You are," 

I follow David to the pool room to see he'd filled one of the large steel bathtubs we had purchased or more so he had purchased with my money for this specific reason. He loves to torture me and this is going to probably hurt me more than it's going to hurt her. 

"Please tell me you've made her take an ice bath before?" 

"Yes once, she got out after 15 seconds, she called me the anti-christ and then didn't talk to me for the rest of the night and then in our next session she nearly kicked my arse," 

"Great," I say.

I look down at her and her eyes are closed, "Does she need one though?" I ask. He nods and points to the bath. I sigh and slowly lower her into the tub. As soon as her feet are submerged she's wide awake and fighting me. 

"Megan you need this,"

"No, Logan please," she begs. I hold her into the bathtub. She let out a hissed scream.

"10 minutes that's all you need to stay in here for," I say holding her in. The water is damn cold and I can't help but blame her for this. This is her fault for being so damn stubborn. If she doesn't have this bath her muscles will freeze up in the morning and she'll be in too much pain to even move. "Please. Just 10 minutes, I promise," I say looking at her. She closes her eyes and nods and tries her best to relax. I slowly let go of her arms and relax. 

"Why do this to yourself?" I ask. 

"I...j..just thought...th...that...god this is cold," she stutters out. 

"You thought what?" I ask, trying to distract her from how cold it is.

"If I tire...my...myself out then I'd..b...be able to...s...sleep," 

"I get that," I say, moving the strands of hair that had fallen out of her bun from her face.

"I didn't want to self-harm...s...so I thought this would be better," she confesses. 

"Ok," is all I say, and kiss the top of her head. 

"The nightmares are s...so bad," she cries. 

I sigh and slowly move to hold her hand. I know that's partly my fault, I decided not to sleep with her since Brett caught us, I'm not fully sure why. I'm not scared of him, I think it's just more out of respect for him. He's her biological father, he's the person in her family circle I need to like me. 

\---

**Megan**

Logan holds me in his arms as we lay on the sofa watching an old movie. Carl had pulled a mattress down from a guest bedroom and loads of blankets and pillows, turning the whole living room into a bedroom. David is sat with Lorraine on the other couch and Brett is sat in the chair. The girls are laid on the mattresses with each other. Max is laid with Logan and me.

Moving my hand down Logan's chest, I snuggle into him a little more to get warm. After that ice-bath, I could only get a lukewarm shower and I've had to rely on his body heat since. Not that I'm complaining. He cancelled my appointment with my therapist, mostly because we wouldn't make it in time. I agreed to go to my session on Monday. 

"You ok?" he whispers. I nod and feel myself start to get sleepy as I warm up. "Have some pizza before you fall asleep," he suggests. 

"I'm full," I mutter, which isn't a lie, I'd eaten half a pizza when it arrived. 

"Ok," he whispers in my ear and kisses my shoulder.

\---
###chapter 153
**Megan**

Two weeks Later

I run as fast as I can. Looking behind me, I see I'm the only one in the hallway. The bell must have gone off a while ago. I had fallen asleep in the library. It was only thanks to Sandra waking me up that I've not missed my whole lesson. She runs at the side of me, and she doesn't even look bothered by how fast we're going. 

"He's going to be angry," I state and skid to a stop outside Logan's room. I'm late for his lesson. 

"It'll give him a reason to give you detention," she states and gives me a small wink. I smile and try to catch my breath as I open the door. 

"Sorry I'm late," I say before he can say anything. "I fell asleep in the library," I state.

"Go sit down," he states. I nod and sit down in my usual seat next to Melanie. To be honest, he's not the type of teacher to shout at students but more just give this annoying vibe. At his moment, he looks more frustrated with me. 

The truth is we don't seem to spend much time together, which in turn annoys me, he is always doing something after work with Carl, and then when he does get back, he tends to go straight to bed or is training with David. It's almost like he's avoiding me. I'd think that if it wasn't for our mornings, where we wake up before the alarm, and we just lay in bed talking.

Melanie gives me a small smile and hands me the book we're reading. I mouth a thank you and turn to the page they are on as the girl that was reading continues.

Once the lesson finishes, I stay back and stand in front of his desk. 

"Is everything ok?" I ask. 

"Yeah, why were you really late?" 

"I fell asleep, ask Sandra,"

"Are you not sleeping?" 

"I had a nightmare last night if that is what you're asking," 

"Why didn't you tell me?" I shrug in response and look down. He sighs and sits in his chair, "Maybe you should go back on the stronger sleeping meds," 

"What? No," I snap. 

"Megan, if you're not sleeping,"

"I am sleeping, I've only had two nightmares this week, which you would know if you were ever home," I snapped. He abruptly stands up, causing his chair to fall back. I step back as he looks furious. I've never seen him this angry. 

"I've been busy trying to keep you safe, I can't be home all the fucking time," he snaps. "I'm sorry that we're not tied to the god damn hip," he snaps his voice raised in anger.

"Ok, I'm sorry," I say, and look down at my feet. He's never shouted at me like this. I notice his fists are clenching at his sides and I can't help but feel a little scared. "I should go," I say, and pick up my back to quickly leave. 

"Megan, wait," he says and grabs me by the arm. "I'm sorry, I'm just really stressed," he states. I look up at him, "And I'm taking it out on you, I'm sorry," he explains and moves my hair from my face. 

"Ok," is all I say. He loosens his grip on my arm as his face shows the relief in him. 

"I'll take you home after school," 

"Aren't you going out with Carl?" I ask.

"No, he can do his thing on his own, I want to spend time with you," 

"Ok," I say, and he lets go of me. 

"I'm sorry," he says again I give him a small smile and leave his classroom. I know he's sorry, I also know he'd never hurt me, but that doesn't stop the thoughts from coming. 

\---

I climb into the car to see Logan is texting on his phone. He looks towards me and gives me a small smile before starting the vehicle. I put my seatbelt on and take my phone out of my pocket to see a text from Tyler asking me to call him. I frown at my phone; he never asks me to call him. 

"What's wrong?" Logan asks.

"Tyler is asking me to call him," I state and touch the call button on his name. 

"You had lunch with him, didn't you?" He asks as I look at him and then Tyler answers. 

"What's up?" 

"Where are you?" 

"On my way home, why?" 

"Oh, I just thought we could hang out at my place," 

"I don't even go to Melanie's anymore, what makes you think I'd come to yours?" I ask, and I see Logan shake his head.

"Alright, you don't need to be mean about it," 

"I'm not mean, but after what I've heard, I'm pissed at you," I state and he's silent. I can just picture him arguing with himself over saying sorry or not. 

"Ok," he says after a minute. "I'm sorry," 

"I'll see you at school tomorrow," I say, ignoring his apology and hanging up. 

"Why are you angry with him?" Logan asks. I sigh and look at him, and I know he'll either find this funny or he'll be angry too. 

"So we had lunch together, not just him, Melanie and Yasmin were there too and one of his friends," 

"Yeah, I saw,"

"Well, it turns out he's been telling his friends that we're back together, and I told him I wanted to keep it a secret, apparently," 

"How do you know this?" he asks. 

"One of his friends told me it was a shame I was dating Tyler as he wanted to ask me out," 

"What did you say to that?" 

"That I'm not dating Tyler and then told him that I don't plan to date anyone," I pause. "But he didn't believe me because they saw the love bite on my neck a few weeks ago," I state. 

"Oh," he says with a small smile. "Well, Tyler probably thought if he told them that then it would stop them from asking you out and anyone else who plans to ask you out," he states. 

"You know it would be easier if you hadn't marked me, you animal," I snap and fold my arms with a huff. 

"My back says you're the animal," he says, and I glare at him. "We've not had sex in weeks," 

"I know," 

"So who does Tyler think gave you the love bite?" 

"I'm not sure, probably Melanie's brother, he got annoyed when he heard about him coming with us to England, I think he thinks I'm hooking up with him," 

"I see, you know many of the guys in that school talk about you," he states, and I frown. 

"What do you mean?" 

"They constantly talk about you, not in a bad way, there's just many that want you, I didn't realise I was the it-girls piece," he states with a grin. 

"You're lying," 

"I'm not, You're popular among the male population at your school, some of the things they say I ignore, but some have had dreams about you," 

"How do you hear all this?"

"Mostly in Art class and Gym, if you're doing gym and they see you, it's like a public forum,"

"Oh, I don't like it," I say.

"Neither do I, but there's not much you can do about it, I've heard what the girls say about me, I believe it's human nature or more teenage hormones," he states, and moves his hand into mine once we're a good couple of miles away from school. "What do you want to do when we get back?"

I lean on the console and twirl my fingers up and down his thigh. 

"You know Brett isn't going to be home when we get back," I say with a small smile.

"Aren't you on your period? If my math is correct?" he asks.

"It is correct, but no, I'm not regular, remember, it's like a surprise now and then, it's great," I say the last bit sarcastically, and he laughs.

"Ok, but after me, what do you want to do?" he asks, and I smile. 

"I mean if it's what I'm hoping I'll be too tired to do anything else," I state and he shakes his head. 

"See teenage hormones, good job I'm not older," I smile and move my hand back into his. 

"You bring this side of me out," 

"You'll tell me anything to get into my pants,"
###chapter 154
**Megan**

Logan looks at me as we sit next to each other at the dining table. He's sitting at the head of the table, and I'm sitting at his left side. When we got back, Brett was in, and Eric and Lynn had decided to visit. I had to tell Brett that they didn't know about Logan and me. 

Carl, David, and Lorraine are all sat around with us. Lorraine seemed pleased to meet them. I guess it can get lonely been in this house on your own all the time. Lorraine and Lynn get on like a house on fire; they both have a love for cooking. I didn't know Lynn had her own little business, a small flower shop in town. 

"What do you think, Megan?" Lynn asks me. I look at her and move my foot from Logan's leg under the table, but he traps my foot between his thighs. His hand moves onto my foot, holding it over his thigh. 

"Sorry what?" I ask. 

"Working at my shop in the summer? That way you can have some extra money for college," she states. 

"Yeah sure," I don't have the heart to tell her that I won't be in the country come summer. 

"Good it gets hectic in the summer, we sell more potted plants than bouquets," she says with a smile. 

"I don't know much about plants though,"

"Don't worry. I have a handy little guide book you can use," 

"Have you thought about college?" Eric asks. 

"I didn't think I'd get the chance to go if I'm honest, I gave up on the idea last year," 

"Oh," Lynn states, and looks down at her food and an awkward silence fills the table. I feel Logan's hand move up my calf to my knee. I look at him, and he smirks a little before taking a sip of his water. 

"It's ok," I say trying to lighten the mood, "before everything happened I had my heart set on Harvard, but because of everything my grades dropped, so I was thinking of doing summer school and maybe pick up some classes and defer a year to get into college, which one I'm not sure. But I think a year out will help, so I'm not too bothered at the moment," I explain. 

"You've thought about this a lot," Logan states. "Is that what you want to do? Do you want to stay here and go to college?" He asks, and I realise what he's asking. I shrug and look down at my plate of food. 

"If I get good grades, I could go to college anywhere. Thanks to the inheritance from my mom, I have options," I state and look back at him. He lets go of my foot.

"I see," he states, and stands up, making my foot drop to the floor. He picks up his plate and walks out with it. I sigh and look back at my food. It seems Lynn hadn't noticed that Logan isn't happy. 

"That's good, options are a good thing, have you thought of travelling?" She asks. 

"That'll be good," Brett states, "your mother wanted to travel," he says.

"I've not thought about travelling," I say getting up and picking up my plate. "Is anyone else done?" I ask. 

They shake their heads, take my plate into the kitchen. Logan is rinsing the pots and putting them in the dishwasher. 

"Are you annoyed with me?" I ask. He shakes his head without looking at me. "When I say options I mean so I have options in England," I state. He stops and looks at me. 

"I'm not annoyed with you, I'm annoyed at myself, I should have realised that there are things you'd want to do, I can't expect you to put your life on hold for me," 

"I'm not putting my life on hold for you, I want to come to England and if I want to do anything like travelling I will. I'll do it with you," I state and place my hand on his chest. "What are you thinking?" I ask, and move him away from the sink. "I told you I wanted to go with you," 

"I know, I just didn't think about what you wanted to do before you met me," 

"Before I met you, I wanted to go to Harvard, and that was it. I'd planned on making sure Tyler got the grades to come with me. I didn't even think of anything else," I pause and look away from him, "and then when everything was happening, I didn't think I'd get to college, I thought he'd kill me before I'd get the chance," I state.  

"And now, what do you think of doing?" 

"Besides you?" I ask with a smile and move my hands down his body to the buckle of his jeans, "I've honestly not thought about studying, I've just been taking every day as it comes, I'm in no rush to go to college or travel the world, I just want to get through each day at the moment,"

"OK," is all he says, and leans in to kiss me. "When you know, tell me," he says between kisses. I then hear someone clear their throat. We pull away from each other and look to see David with Brett. 

I move away from Logan and walk out of the kitchen, leaving him to deal with them. 

\----

Logan looks at me as I lay across his bed in only his t-shirt and a pair of panties. Lynn and Eric are staying and only went to bed just over half an hour ago, and I texted him asking him when he was coming to bed, and I got no response. 

I look away from him back to my phone to carry on playing my game. I feel the bed weigh down, and his hands move up my bare legs to stop at my thong. He kisses my neck and moves up to my ear. 

"I'm sorry, I was discussing something with Carl," 

"Hmm, you seem to spend more time with Carl than me lately," I state, not looking away from my city simulation game. "There's only so much satisfaction a girl can get by herself," I say, and as I say it, I feel his hands move up my body even further. He sits across my butt and moves his hand up my back to my shoulders.

"You never said anything to me," he lifts his t-shirt to my shoulders and massages up and down my back. 

"I figured you were enjoying your time with Carl, he must do things I don't do," I state with a small smile. He flips me over onto my back, so I'm looking up at him. He takes my phone out of my hand and places it on the bedside table before moving the t-shirt I'm wearing up over my head and holds my arms above my head with it. 

"Trust me when I say no one does anything that you do to me," he states and leans in to press his lips to mine. 

"So what's going on with you? If I didn't wake up next to you, I'd think you were ignoring me," He sighs and moves off me to sit at the end of the bed. I kneel behind him and move my arms around him, pressing my hands to his chest while laying my head on his back. 

"I'm stressed," he states "And I took that out on you earlier, I'm worried about you, Jonathan, going back to England, I'm trying my best to make you feel safe, and I feel like I'm failing you," he explains and places his hands on mine. "I'd never let him hurt you again, and don't get me started on how I'm feeling about the students that talk about you, that stresses me out."

"Why?" I ask. He turns and looks at me.

"It's more than just Tyler and his friends, have you not noticed how they say hi to you more and more, they want you," 

"Well I don't want them, I want you, I have to put up with how the girls talk about you, I just sit in class thinking, ha I've seen him naked," I say with a smile, and he smirks. "I'm not interested in anyone else but you," 

"I know, I just sometimes think you'd be better off with anyone else but me," he says. I frown and move my hand up to his face. 

"Why are you thinking like this? I don't understand where this is coming from this insecurity. You're not bad for me Logan, you're too hard on yourself, everything you do for me is perfect," I sigh and press my lips to his. "I feel safe, I know I don't go out anywhere, I know I'm keeping myself trapped, but that's something only I can control, that's for me to figure out myself. You don't need to be worried about me, look at me, I'm sitting here in front of you in just my underwear, a few months ago, I never thought I'd get to this point. You gave parts of me back that I thought had died, and I know no one else, but you could have done this," 

"I'm not a good man Megan," 

"I wish you'd see yourself how I see you," 

"I scared you today," 

"Yes," I say honestly. "I know you'd never hurt me physically. I was scared because you've never shouted at me like that before, it was different. I didn't want you to be angry with me, and I thought maybe you were finding me annoying with the things you said, which made me question if you want to be with me, that's what I was scared of," I explain. 

"I'm sorry," he states and kisses me. I move my hands to his neck, holding him to me.
###chapter 155
**Megan**

Logan lifts me to move me further up the bed and then lays me down. He pulls back and sits back on his heels as he pulls his shirt over his head. I let out a low, slow breath as I watched his muscles move at the action. Just looking at him does me in. Every inch of him is delicious. How this man can think I'd want anyone else is beyond me.

Sitting up, I reach for him, trailing my fingers down his abdomen, to his hands that are unbuckling his belt. He lets go and allows me. I look up at him, and his crystal blue eyes watch me as I lower the zip of his jeans. I stop and move up onto my knees, so I'm eye-level with him. 

"Is the door locked this time, because it seems every time we get interrupted," I kiss up to his neck. 

"We do, don't we," he states and moves his hands to my hips and round to my bum. His fingers move under the strap of my thong. "I don't care enough to let go of you and go lock the door," 

"Me neither," I reply in his ear and nibble a little. He grins and squeezes my bum, pressing my body to his. Moving my hands back down to his jeans, I push them down. He pulls back and pulls his jeans and boxers entirely off, leaving him naked and hard in front of me. He comes back to me and wraps his arms around my waist. His hands move, one to my bra strap the other to my thigh, pulling me up, so his hard length rubs against my clit. I moan into the kiss and feel him unhook my bra with his other hand. "Logan," I whisper as he kisses down my neck, leaving a mark. I know he does this on purpose to make sure people know I'm with someone and it turns me on even more. To know he is this possessive over me. He lays me back down and takes my bra off. 

Pulling away from me I look at him in disappointment, and he smirks before moving his hands to my thong and pulls the straps down, I lift my hips and watch as his eyes fill with lust as he looks at my body. 

"Fuck I love how wet you get," he groans as he moves his fingers to my sex. I moan as one digit enters me. I close my eyes as a shiver runs down my body. 

"Logan," I moan as I feel his mouth on me. I look down and watch him kiss up my thigh to my sex. His tongue licks over my clit to my entrance and back. Tilting my head back, I move my hand through his hair as his sinful mouth works wonders on my body.

Moving my leg up, I rest my foot on his back as my orgasm builds, my whole body coils in pleasure, my toes curl, and I can't help but thrust my hips toward his mouth. I place my hand over my mouth to stifle my moans. 

Logan pulls back just as I reach the edge, and looks down at me. His fingers move in and out of me, stroking the fire of my orgasm. I look at him to see him smirk at me before moving to rub his penis along my slit. Lifting my hips, I feel his length run over my clit. I moan and move my hands to his arms and pull him towards me. His lips press against mine, and I taste myself in the kiss. 

"Megan," he groans as I grind my hips against his. Wrapping his arms around my waist, he lifts me, so I'm sat straddling him, and slowly he enters me. 

"Logan, I wanted," I don't finish my sentence as he moves my hips against him, making him go deeper inside me. I gasp and press my head against his shoulder as my orgasm washes over me. I wanted to pleasure him too.

"I know," he pants as he meets me thrust for thrust. I bury my head into his neck as I try to muffle my moans. His hands move through my hair, and he makes me look at him. I say his name before his lips press to mine. He slows our pace to long slow thrusts. "You ok?" he asks. I nod as talking doesn't seem possible right now.

I hear talking outside the door, and I have a feeling it's Brett, and at this moment in time, I don't care who hears us. I look at the door, and Logan kisses my neck. 

"Ignore them," he says in my ear and kisses my ear. I nod and move my hands down his body and back up to his neck. He lays us both back down changing our position and the angle of our bodies. His body presses against mine as he rocks into me. I move one of my legs up to his waist and push him into me with my foot. 

The feel of him is different. Tonight this feels more intense, and I'm not sure if it's the conversation we had or because it has been a little while since we have been together. I don't know how or why he is so insecure about us. No one possesses my mind like he does or makes me feel the way he does. 

My orgasm builds at every long luxurious thrust of our hips, and I can't help but ask him to go faster. I feel myself dig my nails into his shoulder as I try my best to hold my moans in but with each powerful thrust, it becomes more challenging. I kiss his neck and then feel his other hand move between us to my clit, and his fingers strum my bundle of nerves. 

"Come for me baby," he pants, and I can hear he's just as close as me. I feel sweat beading all over my body, and my walls tighten around his cock. "That's it," he thrusts hard into me and then again, and again, and I feel my orgasm wash over me. I scream my orgasm and try my best to muffle my sound in the crook of his neck. 

"Logan, ah god Logan," I pant as I feel another start to build as he continues his hard thrusts. 

"Fuck," he groans "you feel so god damn good," he says and moves my hair from my face to kiss me on the lips. I pull away as my body shiver with pleasure, making me moan loudly. I press my forehead against his before kissing him again. He pulls back and looks at me "I love you," he confesses, and I feel the words on the tip of my tongue, shocking me. I stop myself from saying them back. He presses his lips to mine, and I feel his orgasm and mine follows as he continues his rhythm into me. 

\--- 

I lay looking at Logan. He's fast asleep. He fell asleep pretty quickly; I think it helped that he thought I was sleeping.

He told me he loves me.

I should be happy. Any girl would be delighted to know that their boyfriend loves them. I should be glad he said it and that he wasn't afraid to say it.

But I'm not. 

How could I have been so stupid? I don't want him to love me. I want him to wake up and take that back. What's worse is I nearly said it back. I can't risk that. I just can't.

I sigh and move to get out of bed. I stand and feel my legs wobble a little. Just great, he's in love with me, and he can make me jelly legged after sex just what I need. I sit back down on the bed and look down at him sleeping. This wonderful man loves me, and I can't love him back. It's now I feel the tears rolling down my cheeks. I don't want to hurt him. The thought of breaking up with him physically hurts. But I have to. If I want to protect myself and my heart, I have to. I can't have another person use my love to hurt me. I don't think I'll survive.
###chapter 156
**Logan**

When I woke up, Megan wasn't in my room. I figured she was downstairs getting breakfast. I walk into the kitchen to see she's not here, but Carl, Lorraine and David are. 

"Someone in a good mood," Lorraine states. "You don't usually whistle," 

"That's because he got laid," Carl states. I choose to ignore his statement. 

"Why were you outside my door last night?" I ask. 

"Brett was about to let Max in as he was sitting at your door,"

"Oh, thanks for that," I say, realising that it was a close call.

"Yeah, I told him the last thing he wants to do is walk in on you both again," he states. 

"Yeah, where's Megan?" I ask.

"She left," David states. I look at my watch to see it's only just gone past 7:30. "She said she wanted to drive herself to school and that she was picking her friends up," he added. 

"Ok," I say, confused. 

She could have waited until I was up, it's still too early to be going to school. I take my phone out of my pocket and send her a quick text asking her why she was leaving so early. I sit down at the table and pile my plate with food. I think I've put weight on since Lorraine moved here and to be fair I'm not complaining. 

Brett walks in and sits down at the table. He yawns and looks at all the food, then around the kitchen. 

"Where's Megan?" he asks. 

"She's left to go pick her friends up," David states without looking away from the paper in his hands. "Does anyone else want to ask where she is?" he asks while turning the page. 

"Is she ok," 

"She's more than ok after what I heard last night," Carl says, and I kick him under the table. I swear this man likes to see me get beaten. "Ow," he cries and glares at me. 

"I'm glad someone hit him," David laughs, and I smirk. Carl frowns at me and looks back down at his food. "She seemed ok, she said she was getting breakfast with her friends, Sandra has followed her in the SUV," 

\---

Megan walks into my office, she's wearing the white dress I love her in, and she's teamed it with a pair of Dr Martens, a belt and a biker jacket, most likely to hide her scars. She gives me a small smile before shutting the door and leaning against it. It would seem she's been avoiding me all day, this is the first time I've seen her alone. She usually comes to see me before her lessons or stays after to talk to me. It's like she couldn't wait to leave her English class today.

"Hey," I say, and turn my attention back to the art portfolio I am grading. 

"Hey," and then there's a silence between us.

"I thought we could go somewhere this weekend if you like," I say, and look towards her to see she's still standing at the door. I frown and tilt my head a little. "Are you ok?" I ask. 

"Yeah," and I can tell it's a lie. She looks nervous, scared and anxious all at the same time. By the redness around her eyes, I'd say she's been crying not long before coming here. 

"You don't look fine, did something happen?" I ask, and place the portfolio down on my desk. 

"Urm...I need to talk to you," she stutters out and steps away from the door towards me. She rubs her hands together, and I notice she's shaking. I get up and walk around the desk to stand in front of her. 

"Ok," why do I feel like she's going to tell me something that will impact my life. I mean if she tells me she's pregnant I'd be ecstatic, but I'm doubtful it's that. 

"Ok," she breathes and takes a deep breath to let it out slowly, and I notice a tear escaping her eyes. I take her in my arms. 

"Whatever it is we can get through it," I say moving my hands to hers, she looks up at me and then I feel her lips on mine. I frown but kiss her back.

Her hands move up my chest and around my neck into my hair. She bites my bottom lip and slips her tongue into my mouth. She moans as I press her to the length of my body, picking her up I sit her down on my desk. Pulling back, I unbutton the top two buttons of her dress as she unbuckles my belt and unzips my jeans. We've never had sex in school grounds before, mostly so we don't get caught. But I have to admit it turns me on that anyone could probably walk in on us right now. 

Her hands move up underneath my shirt as she looks me in the eyes, and it's as if she's trying to tell me something that she can't say out loud. Her hand moves into my boxers, distracting me from my thoughts. I feel her take hold of my cock and slowly massage her hand up and down my length. I lift her and swipe the drawings and the portfolio I was just looking at off my desk to lay her down. 

I move my hand down her body to her underwear and pull her knickers down her legs. I glide my fingers up and down her sex, coating them with her wetness, and god is she wet. She's unbelievably responsive. I love it. Rubbing my fingers around her clit she moans and looks at me through half-lidded eyes. Right now she looks sexy as hell on my desk with the top part of her dress down exposing her perky breasts and the bottom half bunched up to her waist. The look of arousal clear on her face as she moves one of her hands up through her hair. 

"Logan," she moans as I remove my fingers from her sex and nudge her clit with my cock. I feel like teasing her, but that's just as torturous for me. I've never wanted a woman as much as her. Every day I find something new to love about her, and it's exhilarating. 

Megan sits up and pulls me down to kiss her. She captures my mouth with hers as I slowly push into her. Her warmth wraps around my cock as I move further into her tight pussy. She releases a little whimper, opening her mouth for my tongue to explore. 

Kissing down her jaw to her neck, I see the bite I had left last night and press on my mark. I did it on purpose to show she had someone. The boys in her classes are untrustworthy. I know most think they have a chance with her and probably will try it on with her the moment they get the opportunity. That annoys the hell out of me, I trust her, not them. She's mine, and I wish I could tell the world. 

Last night she tried to be quiet, it was hot as hell, I think it turned her on more. Which is a bonus because I can't wait to introduce her to a few of my kinks that I know she would most likely love, from what I can tell.
###chapter 157
**Logan**

She lays back a little and grinds her hips into me, meeting my thrusts. She feels goddamn perfect. 

I move my hands to her hips and lean forward to kiss her chest. Her hand moves through my hair, and she pulls me to kiss me on the lips. I tighten my grip on her and move my hands up her back, holding her to me as tight as I can. 

"Fuck," I groan as I feel her walls tighten around me and her hands move down my back. I love it when she scratches me, it's her own way of marking me, and it's hot as hell. 

"Ah Logan I'm gonna come," she pants and lays down, I watch as her back arches away from my desk. She grips the edge of the desk above her head and throws her head back. I wet the tip of my fingers with my mouth and then massage her clit moving in tandem with my thrusts. I hold one of her legs which has moved up over my shoulder. Her flexibility may best me in the gym, but at times like this, it's the best thing. 

I watch as she moves her head to the side and bites her shoulder as she tries to keep her moans in. 

"Someone will hear," she pants and looks at me. I shake my head. I watch as her pleasure builds inside her. God, I love watching her orgasm, the little sounds she makes just before are the cutest and sexiest sounds I've ever heard. Her tongue darts out to wet her lip as she asks me to go harder. 

"No one will, there's a room between us and others," I ground out as I feel myself pushing at my orgasm. "Plus lunchtime," I add and thrust hard into her. She moans loudly as she comes, and I didn't expect her to ejaculate, but she does. God, this girl is my undoing. 

Her walls tighten around me, and I feel my own orgasm run through my body, and I come before I can pull out, that and her body holds onto me.

After a minute or so, her body relaxes as we both catch or breath. Leaning forward, I press a kiss on her lips. Slowly I move my lips against her and then pull back and push my forehead against her. I feel her hand move to my cheek as she gradually caresses me, looking me in the eyes, and again I feel like she's trying to tell me something. 

"Hey," I murmur, and press a light kiss to her lips. She gives me a small smile and then looks down. 

"We should get dressed," she says quietly. I nod and pull out of her. She shivers and then looks at me, and I could go again if we had the time and she knows it. 

She moves off my desk, and I watch her stand on shaky legs before moving away from me. She reaches down for her jacket and then turns away from me as she buttons her dress up. I look down and tuck myself back into my boxers and zip my jeans back up. 

"What did you want to talk about?" I ask. 

"Have you got any tissues?" she asks. I nod and take the paper towels from one of the shelves next to the art sink. I give her a handful, and I watch as she wipes the inside of her leg. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to do it inside," I state. 

"It's fine, I want to break up," she says quickly and looks at me and then back at her leg to make sure it's clean. I frown as I take in what she just said. 

"What?" I ask as I stop buttoning my shirt. I'm not asking her to repeat herself. I'm asking what is going on? What is making her say this? She looks away from me and wipes her cheeks. She looks the same as when she broke up with Tyler, and she didn't want to do that then. "I don't understand," 

"There's nothing to understand. I want to break up," 

"Why?" I ask 

"I just do," she says as she smooths down her dress. She moves a hand through her hair and then turns to look at me. "I've been thinking about what you said last night, and you were right," 

"What the fuck? What was this then? What was last night?" I ask. I'm confused by her actions. The way she just looked at me isn't the way someone would look if they were going to end a relationship. 

"Don't make this harder Logan," 

"By the look of things, it's easy as fucking pie for you," I snap. She sighs and picks up her bag, "this makes no sense, have I done something wrong," 

"I've already explained,"

"No you haven't, you said you thought about what I said about last night, what conclusion did you come to?" She bites her bottom lip and then looks away as a stray tear rolls down her cheek. I walk towards her and move my hand down her arms. "Why do I get the feeling you don't want to do this?" I ask softly and place my hand under her chin to make her look at me, and I see the tears in her emerald eyes. 

"I can't do this anymore," she says quietly and moves her hands up my chest. "Just please accept this,"

"No," I snap and hold her tighter. I pull her body against mine and press my lips to hers. She instantly kisses me back but then pulls away. 

"Logan please," she cries and pushes me away from her. "I don't want to be with you," she snaps when there's a knock at my door, and it opens. I look to see Mrs Kitson. She glances between Megan and I as Megan wipes her cheeks.

"If that's true, why are you crying?" I ask. She shakes her head. 

"I need to go," she says and pushes past Mrs Kitson. 

"Megan," I call and go after her but stop when I see her run out of my art classroom. "Dammit," I growl and kick one of the stools. 

"I'm guessing this was a bad time," she states and looks at me, taking in my appearance which gives a lot away, seen as my shirt is still unbuttoned and my belt unbuckled. 

"Yes, as she just broke up with me," I snap and shove my shirt inside my jeans as I walk back into my office. 

"I see," she says. "This is awkward. Do you want me to come back?" 

"No, what's wrong?" I ask with a sigh while buttoning my shirt back up.

"Mr Wilson has asked me to ask you to be at his charity concert," 

"No, Carl knows I would say no," I state. 

"He said that you would say that, so he told me to tell you he will make your life hell here and at home," she says with a grin. "I like him, I might ask him if he wants a permanent job here," she says. "And it's for a good cause, and I'm sure you will enjoy it," 

"I'll think about it," 

"Good," she says, and then looks around. "Do you want to talk about what just happened?" she asks. Shaking my head, I walk to pick up all of the artwork on the floor. "Maybe next time lock your door, I did say I'd have to do something if a student catches you both," she states. 

"Yeah well, I doubt this will happen again," I say, placing everything back on my desk. 

"I'm sure this is just down to her emotions, maybe she just wants a bit of time," 

"No, she didn't want to, but I feel that she's made her mind up regardless of how she feels," I state and I feel like I want to cry. "Can I be alone, please?" I ask. 

"Sure, if you need to talk, let me know," she says and walks out. I sigh and sit in my chair. 

I gave her my god damn heart, and she just crushed and trampled all over it in front of me, and I'm pissed about it. All I've done is love her, and she has just woken up and decided to end things. What have I done to deserve this?
###chapter 158
**Megan**

I make my way to the girl's toilets and run into the first available stall. Taking a deep breath, I try my best to stop crying. He did this to us. If he hadn't got me to fall in love with him, we'd be happy right now. I didn't need him to tell me he loves me.

It was wrong of me to allow us to have sex, but I just wanted to be held by him one last time. It's selfish, and I know that. I'm just not sure I'll ever have anyone make me feel the way he does. 

Sighing I quickly clean myself up, I then unlock the stall and walk out to wash my hands and try to make myself look less distraught. Then the door swings open, and then the Principal walks in. She looks at me and walks towards me; I had never been so thankful to see her when she walked into Logan's office. I was so close to telling him the real reason. It hurt to lie to him. 

"Are you ok?" she asks. 

"It's not me you should be asking that," I say, and dab my eyes with a paper towel. 

"I know what heartbreak looks like, why did you do it?" she asks. I look at her and shake my head. 

"You wouldn't understand," I say, and take my phone out of my pocket. 

"What's your next lesson?" she asks. 

"Art," 

"I see," she sighs and looks away from me, "I knew your mother quite well, and I know she would call you a stupid girl for doing what you just did," 

"Yeah well she's not here, she left me to get beaten and raped by a man I thought was my father, so right now I don't care what she would say," I snap, and she frowns at me. 

"Jonathon isn't your dad?" she asks. 

"No she was fucking his brother, I guess we both liked to have men we shouldn't have," 

Then the door opens, and a group of girls walk in. They stop when they see us. 

"Leave," she orders them. They nod and walk out. I sigh and look at her. "My husband and I broke up once, one of my friends had fallen out with me, and she knew about us. She threatened to tell the school board if I didn't break up with him, so like you, I did, and it was horrible. He left, and I went to college. The girl that broke us up ended up telling him everything and well now he's my husband," she states. "Sometimes we do things that we think will protect the people we care about, but in fact, all we do is hurt them a lot more," I shake my head in response as I feel myself start to cry again. "Or ourselves," she states, and I look at her. 

"He'll be ok," I say.

"And you?" I shrug and look down at my feet. She then moves her arm around my shoulders and pulls me into a hug. "Times like this you need your mom, I'm sorry you've only got me," she says. "Are you still having therapy?" she asks, and I nod. "Maybe see if you can get an emergency appointment now, If you can I'll authorise your absence," she states. I nod and look down at my phone. 

"Thank you," I say as I pull away from the hug. "You know if people see you being nice to me, you'll ruin your reputation as the dragon lady," 

"Hmm, very true, I'll leave first you leave in a few minutes," she jokes. 

\---

I knock on my therapist's door. I hear movement, and a few seconds later, the door opens. Sara stands there in a green floral maxi dress that compliments her caramel skin tone and her figure lovely. She's relatively small, so it makes her look a little taller. The wedges help also. Her cheeks are a bit flushed, but I think it's probably from the hot weather. 

"That was quick, I thought you said you were at school," she says frowning and moves to let me in. 

"Yeah I was only about 2 minutes away when I called," I say, and sit down on the couch. She nods and moves her hand through her hair which she has braided from her face. I've never seen her hair natural, it's always straight or braided. It looks like she's growing the roots out, letting her natural dark brown hair come through. Her pale green eyes quickly scan the room before she sits down. She looks a little on edge and nervous. "Are you ok?" I ask. 

"Yeah, why?" she asks.

"You just seem on edge," 

"What no, I'm not on edge," she says and sits in her usual chair. "So what's wrong?" she asks. "What's happened?" she adds. I look down at my hands and then notice a watch on the table. I frown at it and pick it up. 

"My uncle, sorry dad, Brett has one similar to this," I say, not knowing what to call him still. I hold it up to look at it. 

"Oh...really, it's probably from my last patient," she says and holds her hand out to take it. I hand it to her, and she stands and puts it in her desk drawer.

"It's probably the same one, they all look similar to me" I state and watch her walk back to the chair. 

"So tell me," she says pressing record on her Ipad. She reaches for her glass of water and takes a sip. 

"I broke up with Logan," she coughs and looks at me. 

"What? Why?" she says, and quickly clears her throat. 

"I needed to," 

"But why?" she asks after she composes herself. I sigh and walk to the window and look out of it. 

"He told me he loves me," I say, and look towards her, "And when he said it, I realised that I love him too," I state and I feel myself start to get teary again. "God, I can't stop crying," I say quickly wiping my eyes. 

"We've talked about this before, and love isn't a bad thing," 

"You say that but when does it end happily, I told him I didn't want him to love me. One of us will get hurt, and it's not going to be me," 

"By the look of things Megan you already are," she states. 

"Yeah because he made me fall in love with him," I argue. She sighs and looks down at her pad of paper, then back up at me. 

"Tell me what happened," she suggests. I sigh and walk to the couch and sit down. 

"Last night we were having sex," I then hear a thud. I frown and look at Sara. 

"My neighbours they're always banging about," she states. 

"I should have known, to be honest, it was more intense than usual, he was off all day with me, we talked it through, and then he just looked at me differently from then. Anyway, before my third orgasm, he told me he loves me," I state and Sara interrupts.

"Third? Go, Logan," she says with a smirk, and I look at her and smile. "Sorry continue,"

"And the words came into my mind too, but I stopped myself from saying them, luckily for me I didn't exactly have much of a chance anyway because well he came as well," I continue.

"Then what?" she asks. 

"I waited for him to go to sleep and left his room. I decided while waiting that we needed to break up.

"Why did you wait until this afternoon?" 

"I avoided him most of the day. I went to go see him at lunchtime, and I'd decided that I was just going to walk in, break up with him, then leave," 

"And did you," 

"No, we had sex again, and then I did."

"Oof," she says, and her eyes widen a little. 

"What?" I ask. 

"That's savage," she states. "To have sex with him and make him feel like everything is ok with you both to drop that nuclear bomb then, it's going to cause some upset. I think your view on all of this is quite worrying. You're trying to fight your feelings, and it's working to a point, but ultimately you're going to hurt Logan to a point where it may have devastating results for you both, loving him isn't a bad thing," 

"Have you ever been in love?" I ask. She sighs and nods, "And? How did it end?" 

"What makes you think it's ended?" she asks. 

"You have no wedding ring, there are no real personal photos in here, just one and that's of your cat, and I've noticed the scars on you," I say looking at her. She sighs and gives me a small smile. 

"My ex was abusive," she states "but that hasn't made me give up on love," 

"You loved him, and he used that love against you, I'm not having that happen to me again," 

"What makes you so sure it will?" 

"Every person I've loved has either used it against me or abandoned me, and I refuse to allow myself to get hurt again, if I don't protect my heart no one will," I say looking at her. 

"Well that is very sad, not allowing yourself to love, will break you at some point," I shrug and pick some lint off my dress. "What about your family?" 

"What family? I have an uncle who lied to me all my life, he left me with Jonathon, family love is the worst kind of love, I refuse to love any of them," I state, and she frowns at me. 

"Megan," 

"Can I go to the toilet?" I ask. She nods and points to behind her. I get up and walk to the toilet shutting the door behind me. I sigh and look in the mirror to see my eyes are still red from crying. I know she's right, that I'm hurting Logan, but he can always fall in love with someone else. 

I quickly go to the toilet and then wash my hands and walk out to see her not in the room. I frown and sit down on the couch. I hear talking from outside the door, but I don't take much notice. I just look at my phone to see a text from Melanie asking me where I am. 

Sara walks back in and gives me a small smile before sitting in her seat. 

"Sorry about that, I had a phone call," I nod and look at my hands."You have so much anger," 

"How am I supposed to feel?" I ask. 

"I'm not saying you shouldn't feel angry. I understand you feel angry towards certain things that have happened, but you're closing yourself off to other emotions, emotions that will help you heal," 

I sigh and look away from her. I don't see the point of these sessions. What am I gaining from these? I only started having them because my grandfather wanted me to have them, and the hospital recommended it, but I'm 18, which means I now have a say. Looking back at her, and she sighs. 

"I know what you're going to say," she says closing her notebook, "I'm not going to cancel your regular sessions, I'll keep them open for a few months for you in case you decide to come back. I know the look of someone who has closed themselves off to help," she says, and stops the recording. "My door is always open for you, Megan, should you want my help," she states. 

I nod and stand up. I pick up my bag and leave without another word.
###chapter 159
**Megan**

"Are you ok?" David asks as I punch his padded hand and then follow it up with a kick. I nod and hit his other hand a couple of times. "Time out," he says, stepping back from me and taking his hand out of the padding and giving it a rub. "Are you sure? Because you just pounded on my hand like you wanted to kill it," he states. 

"I'm fine," I say, walking to my bottle of water and taking a drink and as I do, I notice Logan standing at the doorway. 

When I came back from my session, I came home and asked David if we could start training early. I put my water down and turn my back on Logan. I need him to hate me or something to make this easier. 

"Ready?" I ask. David nods and looks at Logan, and I have no doubt that Logan has probably called or texted him to tell him what had happened. 

"Can I train with you?" I hear Brett ask. I turn to look at him, and he gives me a small smile. 

"Sure I guess," 

"Yeah, give my hands a break," David says, taking the padded gloves off and giving them to Brett. I watch him pretty much run to Logan. I sigh and wait for Brett to put the gloves on. 

"How has your day been?" he asks. 

"Logan and I broke up," I state and get into position. He frowns at me. 

"Why?" he asks and holds his hands up. 

"Because I wanted to break up," I state as I punch his hand. 

"Ok," he says frowning, "I won't ask you to explain that," 

"Good," I state while kicking his hand. 

"Security said you went to see your therapist," he continues. 

"Yeah," I reply. Noticing his watch is missing, I look at him. 

"What did she say?" he asks. 

"Are you sleeping with my therapist?" I ask. 

"What? No," he says quickly. 

"Funny, your watch is missing, and I saw one in her office that looks very similar to yours," I say, and stand straight. 

"I went to see her because whenever I finish a mission, I must see a therapist for a few weeks, so I went to ask her," he states. 

"Oh, good,"

"Why? I mean she's good looking," 

"If you sleep with my therapist, I'll tell your whole team I beat you at 'Call of Duty' all the time," I state and he chuckles. 

"Ok, I won't," he states and looks away from me to the treadmills. "She called me though," he states, and I frown. "About you, she said she's worried about you, and that you have made the decision to stop having sessions," he states. 

"Yeah I have, they're not doing anything for me, I go and talk about the same shit every time, I'm over it, my nightmares don't stop, so I don't see the point," 

"Ok," he says. "She said you're holding onto a lot of anger," 

"And?" I ask unwrapping my hands as I realise this isn't a training session anymore. "Wouldn't you?" I ask. 

"Well yeah but it's not healthy to hold onto or bottle up any anger you have," he says. 

"Why not?" I snap and look at him. "I can't do anything about it, the people I'm angry at aren't here apart from you and Logan so what the hell am I supposed to do with it," I argue. 

"If you're angry at me Megan then tell me," 

"I already have, and it still didn't make me feel better, what would telling you a second time do?" I ask. 

"I'm sorry, I've not been there for you, but I am now," 

"Yeah, and what good is it now," I shout, and I can't help but push him. "I hate you," I growl, and he looks at me. "There's so much you could have done, and you did nothing, you caused all of it, so yeah I'm angry at you, I hate you, and I hate the fact I'm your daughter. There! Is that supposed to make me feel better?" I ask, and silence is his answer. "I guess not," I say, and walk out of the gym to see Logan stood outside. He steps towards me and goes to touch me. "Don't," I snap. He sighs and drops his hand. "Don't touch me," I say through gritted teeth and walk away from him to my room. He may see me as being cold, but the truth is if he touches me, I'll fall right back into his arms.

\---

Two weeks later. 

"Megan," I hear someone say, and then feel them shake me. I turn onto my back and open my eyes to see Tyler hovering above me, "Morning gorgeous," I frown and place my hand to my head as a headache starts to form. "My mom has made breakfast if you want any," he states. Nausea fills my stomach at the mention of food. 

"I'm fine thanks," I mutter and slowly sit up and move the sheet to cover me. The last two nights, we went to a party, and I feel it may have been a mistake.

It's getting so difficult to stay at home with Brett and Logan there. It got even worse when Logan went out last weekend and brought a girl back with him. I couldn't stay in the house to witness that. I ended up staying at Melanie's, which made Logan accuse me of sleeping with Brendon on Monday morning. I hadn't, but I wasn't going to let him know that. He had continued to go out every night this week, some nights he didn't come home, how he got to work I wasn't sure. 

Then on Saturday because he'd heard I was going to the house party one of Tyler's friends was showing, he thought that gave him the right to accuse me of sleeping with Tyler and most of his friends. So it would seem because I'm not sleeping with him. I'm sleeping with everyone. I get it, though. He's angry at me; it doesn't help that I often let him believe what he is saying. Only one of his statements is accurate, and that is that I've slept with Tyler and that only happened last night if I remember correctly. 

"We have school," he states. I nod and watch him get up and put a pair of boxers on before walking out of his room. I sigh and look under the covers to see I'm butt naked. Yeah, we slept together. I'm pretty sure it's never a good idea to sleep with an ex-boyfriend who still has feelings for you. I reach for my phone and call Sandra. Hopefully, she can bring me some clothes. 

"What's wrong?" she answers.

"I'm gonna guess you know where I am,"

"Yeah, I got told this morning,"

"Can you come and pick me up and bring me some clothes and my pill? Please" I ask. 

"Ah to be young and to make silly choices, of course, I can," she says with a small chuckle. "ETA about 30 minutes," she says.

"Thank you," I say, and put the phone down. Tyler walks back in with two mugs. I sit up and wrap the sheet around me. 

"Hungover?" he asks, and I nod as he holds one of the mugs out to me. 

"Thank you," I say, taking a sip of the coffee. 

"Last night," 

"Was just sex," I state while cutting him off. He frowns at me, "Got it?" I ask. "We're not back together, it was just sex, if you can accept and live with that, then it can happen again, if you can't then it can't happen again," I say laying down the rules. He nods and sips his drink. 

"Just sex got it. Do you say the same to Melanie's brother?" he asks. What is it with everyone thinking I've slept with Brendon? The poor boy has just had brain surgery.

"Yes," I say, "Can I borrow a t-shirt or something to wear to go downstairs in, I doubt the clothes I was wearing last night are appropriate for breakfast with your parents," I state. He laughs and nods, taking out a t-shirt and a pair of shorts.

"When did you get so muscular?" he asks. 

"I'm hardly muscular," I state as I pull his t-shirt over my head. 

"You have abs," 

"Is it not nice?" I ask, and watch him turn as I put the shorts on. "Done," I state and I notice I've not scratched his back like I do Logans or did. He turns and looks at me. I pull the t-shirt up to look at my stomach.

"Yeah it's nice, you're not exactly rock-solid, I just don't remember you having abs, you were toned before but not like this," 

"I work out," I say, walking out of his room with him.
###chapter 160
**Megan**

Sandra had gotten me a selection of clothes as she didn't know what I'd fully want. I settled on a red ditsy dress that has tie straps at the shoulders. I team it with a denim jacket and my white converse. She had told me that Logan knew I'd stayed at Tyler's which was just perfect. I think before he speculated everything so he couldn't say if I were lying or telling the truth as I'd not slept at Tyler's before and Tyler hadn't slept over at mine. So for him, it was all assumptions. 

"I can't believe you slept with him," Melanie whispers to me as I take my books out of my locker. "Did you use a condom because I'm pretty sure he's slept with Courtney several times?"

"Neither can I, to be honest, I don't remember it fully but that bit I do remember" 

"So you might not have?" she asks. 

"No, I did, it felt like I had this morning," I say, and she sighs and gives me that disappointed look. 

"You know he's going to tell everyone," 

"You know he thinks I'm sleeping with your brother," I say changing the subject.

"So does Logan, my brother seems to be getting action he doesn't know about," she says with a laugh. 

"Logan is jealous, Tyler thinks it because of the marks on my neck from Logan, I think he thought they were from your brother," 

"Why?" she asks. "I mean, why my brother?" 

"I don't know," I don't want to tell her that Bredon and I had hooked up while I was going out with Tyler. I don't think she'd take it very well, plus I don't think Tyler knows about that. I believe Tyler has come to that conclusion because of how Brendon is around me and the fact he went to England with us.

"Is Logan still pounding anything with a vagina?" she asks. 

"Yep," I say "from what I've seen anyway, it's like a revolving door," 

"He's only doing it to hurt you," she says, and I give her a small smile. 

"I know," I say, and walk into homeroom to see Logan sat at the desk. I frown as he's not my homeroom teacher. He doesn't even have a homeroom class. He looks at me, and I watch as his eyes trail down my body before looking away from me. 

"Totally checking you out," Melanie whispers to me as we take our seats. 

"I'm sure he's just rating my outfit," I state as she turns to look at me. 

"Yeah, ok," she says with a roll of her eyes. I smile at her. 

\---

Logan watches me as I pack my things into my bag. I hadn't skipped any of his classes since we broke up, I just made sure I was on time and left with everyone else. This time around, he'd asked to speak to me in front of everyone so I couldn't make a run for it once the bell had gone for the first period. 

"Where did you stay over the weekend?" he asks. I look at him and put my bag on my shoulder. 

"You know where I stayed," I say as I walk up to him. I stop about a meter away from him.  

"Are you and him together?" he asks.

"No," I say, and lean against one of the desks and fold my arms. I have been trying my best to keep distance between us, to try and stamp down the feelings I have for him, but every time I see him, it rears its ugly head. 

Butterflies congregate in my stomach, my heart beats slightly faster, and my body betrays me. My mind is just to blame when all I think about when I'm in his presence is how he makes me feel both physically and emotionally. Like right now, all I want is to have him hold me, and I have to remind myself of the pain to come if I allow myself to give in. 

"So you're just fucking?" he asks, and I see the anger in his eyes. I sigh and look at the door. 

"Did you ask to talk to me just for this or was it school-related?" I ask, and then look back at him as he remains silent. "Well I'll leave then," I say making my way to the door. 

"So how many others are you laying down for," I sigh and turn to him. 

"You're sleeping with anything with a pulse, so what does it matter who I sleep with? We're not together anymore, so my life doesn't concern you," I snap, "I'm not insulting you, so what makes it ok for you to do that to me?" I ask. 

"You're not going to see the people I've slept with every fucking day, you're not even going to hear about it, I am," he snaps and walks towards me. 

"That is not my problem; I don't sit there afterwards and tell them to talk about me in front of you, I can't control when or where they talk about me," I state. 

"So there is more than one," he tries to clarify, I knew that is what he would focus on. I sigh and look down. He stands in front of me, and it's only then I realise he's in touching distance. I take a few steps back until I'm against the door. 

"I'm not saying," he cuts me off. 

"Did you enjoy it? What marks do you give us all? Is it out of ten, or is it a 1st place, 2nd place kind of ranking?" He mocks me and steps towards me and places his hands on the door trapping me between the door and him. 

"Logan," I say, and look up at him and I know I'm close to crying. His blue eyes glare at me with such anger I never thought he'd ever look at me like this. 

"It has to be that hasn't it, you never gave me a real reason for breaking up with me, so I'm gonna guess I come last or something, I bet you were fucking them and comparing me to them while we were together," he accuses and anger flares in me. How dare he accuse me of cheating on him. "That's why you were good, practising with them, you should think about charging them," and I can't help it, I slap him as hard as I can across the face as my anger boils up. 

"You can accuse me of sleeping with anyone you want, but I won't let you accuse me of cheating on you because that is an outright lie, I never cheated on you, I gave you and only you, my body. I slept with Tyler for the first fucking time last night, and I regretted it as soon as I woke up this morning, and as for Brendon, he's just had surgery, even I know you're not that stupid to think that. You and Tyler, that is it. So don't you dare say I cheated on you because it is just not true," I growl at him, and I can feel the tears go down my cheeks. I wipe my tears away and then turn. "Let me out," I order as I try to calm my emotions. 

"Just Tyler," he says quietly. I say nothing and move my hand to the handle. 

"Let me out," I repeat, then I feel his hand on my arm. He turns me around and looks at me. 

"You broke up with me, yet you're the one that keeps crying," he says.

"Yeah well, I'm an emotional mess I thought we established that," I say wiping my cheeks again. He then pulls me to him and presses his lips to mine. My body defies me, and I kiss him back, pulling him into me. 

"You're my emotional mess," he says, pulling away and kissing down my neck as he lifts my feet off the ground. I hold my legs up onto his hips and feel him press his body to mine. His hand moves up my thigh to my panties. 

I need to stop this before we go any further, yet my body has other ideas as my hands move down to his trousers, and I feel just how hard he is. He kisses back up my neck and nibbles my bottom lip before taking my mouth with his. 

Moaning I kiss him back as my defences and the fight leaves me. His fingers massage my sex through my panties, and I can't help my reaction. He looks at me, and I want him. 

Then the bell goes, indicating I'm late for my first lesson and also reminding me where we are. 

"Stop," I say, pulling away from him and pushing him away from me. He looks at me, and I let go of him, dropping my legs back down and smoothing my dress back into place. I should probably stop wearing dresses although I doubt what I'm wearing would make any difference. "This can't happen," 

"Why not?" he asks. "You want me just as much as I want you," 

"No, I don't," I snap and push him even further from me. "We are over, and we are staying that way," 

A knock sounds at the door, and I step forward and open the door to see Carl. He looks at me and frowns. 

"Are you ok?" he asks. I glare at Logan. 

"Do not touch me ever again, don't even look at me, I don't want you," I say with finality. If only I believed my own words. I walk out of the room, pushing Carl out of my way. 

I need to make sure he doesn't want me, and the only way to do that is to show him just how finished we are.
###chapter 161
**Three Weeks Later**

**Logan**

"Did you hear?" I hear a girl say to someone behind me. "Megan and Daniel hooked up," I sigh and look at the lunch lady. I've never known someone to be so slow at their job.

"Wait I heard she hooked up with Nate," 

"Yeah that was the other day," she states

"When you say hook up, what do you mean? Because people keep saying this, but I just don't see her sleeping with them," the other girl says. 

"Well, from what I got told. Nate invited a lot of people around, and she was there, they were all drinking, and apparently, they were all over each other, so I'm not sure, but you're right," she says. "Oooh is it sloppy joes day?" she asks.

"Yeah, is she just going through the basketball team?" she asks. 

"I don't know; I might get a cupcake too," 

This is all I hear all the time, every day. Ever since that day in her homeroom, all the student population talks about; is Megan hooking up with someone. Word got around to Tyler too as he seems to fight with every name I've heard. It would seem she's making her way through the basketball team, which doesn't sit well with the more generically popular girls in this school. 

Megan walks into the cafeteria, she looks hot as hell, but she always does. She's wearing cut off shorts and a muscle crop top with an American flag on it. She teamed her outfit with a pair of Dr martens and a necklace and bracelets, and I don't miss one of the bracelets is the one I bought her. She's confusing as hell. She breaks up with me yet cries over it. Tells me not to touch her but then kisses me as if her life depended on it. Tells me we're over yet wears the jewellery I bought her. She's a walking contradiction. 

"Oh, there she is," I hear one of the girls say. "I mean she is hot, I wish I could pull off that outfit," 

"I still don't see her sleeping with all of the basketball team, that's just not her nature," 

"Well I was reading a psychology book, and it explained; people who have experienced trauma like her act out like this often," 

"Who reads a psychology book for fun?" her friend asks. I sigh and turn to the two girls. 

"Ladies as much as I enjoy your conversation, it's not needed, I'm sure Megan wouldn't appreciate the gossip," I say, and they look utterly stunned. 

"Err...yeah," the one that read the psychology book says, and looks at her friend. "Sorry," 

"Yeah, we're sorry," the other says. I sigh and turn away from them. I wish I'd brought lunch. 

"Hey," I hear Carl say, and then pat my back. "I got your lunch," 

"Thank god," I say, and take the tray of food he's offered me. We both walk to a free table, and I sit down opposite him. 

"What's wrong?" he asks. 

"More rumours," I say, and he nods and looks towards Megan. 

"I heard," he states, and we both watch her sit with her friends. "Rumours aren't always true though," he says and looks at me. I nod and start to eat my chips or fries as he'd call them. "Do you wanna go for drinks after work?" he asks. 

"No I'm gonna call Michelle if I get laid I might be less stressed," I state. 

Michelle is an old friend who I've slept with many times. She recently broke up with her girlfriend and told me she needed to do a man for a little while, and as we both have a mutual understanding, it's easy. No strings attached sex is all I need, and as she knows what I like, it makes our relationship perfect. That didn't mean I haven't had a few one-night stands in between my times with Michelle. 

"Michelle, hmm that girl, can I come?" he asks with a grin. 

"You can call her and ask her yourself," I state and pick up my burger. Knowing Michelle, she'll say yeah. 

\---

**A week later.**

I walk into the kitchen to see Lorraine standing at the window looking outside. She's muttering to herself about something, and she sounds annoyed. I hear laughing and then a splash of water. 

"You ok Lorraine?" I ask. She jumps and turns to me. 

"Logan! Yeah, I'm fine," she says and moves to block my view of the window. 

"What are you looking at?" I ask as I open the fridge and take out a beer. 

"Nothing," she replies quickly and glances out the window. I chuckle and go to get the bottle opener out of the drawer. "I'll get that," she says, diving to the drawer. I frown and move around her to the window. I pull the curtain down a bit to see Megan out by the pool with her friends and Brendon. They're both laid on a sun lounger together. I want nothing more than to walk out there and throw him in the pool and take her up to my room caveman style. 

Brendon's hair is shorter than before, he must have shaved it for his surgery, I guess it isn't cancerous if he's here, or he had treatment, I'm not sure. 

I watch as they lock lips and his hands move over her body. She's only wearing a dark green bikini; I think green is my new favourite colour. 

"She's been so stupid," Lorraine states. I let go of the net curtain and turn to look at her. 

"It's her choice," I say, taking my beer from her. "Where's David?" I ask. 

"He said you sent him on an errand," she says frowning at me and then I remember where he may be. 

"Yeah I did, I just thought he'd be back by now," I say. "I don't need dinner; I might go out later," I state as I look back out of the window to see they're still making out. I sigh and look away. "I'll be up in my room," I state and walk out of the kitchen. 

I can't stop Megan from doing what she's doing; I can't even interfere. We're not together anymore. The only thing that stays the same between us is her nightmares. I hear her having them, and I can't help myself, I climb into her bed and hold her until she stops crying whether she knows that I don't know. If she does, she doesn't say anything to me the next morning. 

Walking to my room, I walk to the window when I hear a scream. I look to see Tyler had thrown Yasmin into the pool. I'm surprised he's not kicked off over Brendon and Megan, he's more of a hothead than me. He beat up two of his friends last week over the rumours of her with them. 

**A few hours later.** 

"Megan, you need to stop doing this," I hear Brett say, waking me up. I had fallen asleep while watching 'The Big Bang Theory' on Netflix. I had planned on going out, but I guess I was too tired. 

"And what am I doing? I'm hanging out with friends, am I not allowed to do that now?" she asks. I get up and open my bedroom door to see her stood at the top of the stairs with him. She has put on a pair of shorts and a vest top.

"I'm not saying you can't, I'm saying you need to stop and think about what you're doing, You're high right now and that boy downstairs I could have swung for him, in fact, both of them," he states. I watch her sigh and look away from him. 

Megan turns and walks away from him. She looks at me and then walks to her room. 

"Don't walk away from me," he snaps at her. She ignores him and walks into her room, slamming the door shut. 

"What's going on?" I ask. He walks towards me and stands outside her bedroom door. 

"She's planning on going out tonight, again" he states. I sigh and look at her door. "It's a school night," he points out. 

"Just let her go, she'll go anyway," 

"That's not just it," he states. "I'm not stupid; I know what will happen. I don't trust either one of those boys down there," he says more calmly. I shrug and look at her bedroom door. "Why are you so calm about this?" 

"There's nothing I can do; it's her choice. Tyler is her ex and Brendon does look after her, so if you're worried about her safety, there's no need. If you're worried about her sleeping with either one of them, again no need from what I've heard," I explain. 

"What do you mean? What have you heard?" he asks. 

"As her father, it's not something you should know,"

"He's not my father," I hear her call through the door. Then the door opens. "Only when he chooses to be," she says and walks out holding her bag. 

"Where are you going?" he asks her. 

"To have a threesome with my ex-boyfriend and my sex friend," she says with a tilt of her head. Carl's bedroom door opens.

"Did someone say threesome? Where? Can we make it a foursome?" he asks, and Megan laughs a little. 

"Why not? Logan thinks I'm a whore anyway," 

"No, I never said that," I state. She rolls her eyes as she walks away from us. Carl looks at me, then looks at her. 

"I think you'll find that the students at school think you're a whore, not us," he says, and I slap my head into my hands. 

"I know," she calls back, "at least Jonathon was right," she says.

"Am I missing something?" Brett asks. 

"The rumour is that she's slept with half the basketball team," Carl informs, and I watch Brett's face fill with anger, he then turns to me. 

"It's only a rumour," 

"What did you do to her?" he accuses. 

"Nothing," 

"Well, why is she going off the rails so much? You must have done something," 

"She was the one that broke up with me," I snap.

"Yeah, why?" he asks. I hear the front door slam shut, and I look at the stairs to see she's gone. I sigh and look at Brett. 

"I didn't do anything, I loved her, and she broke up with me, don't think for one second that seeing her with other people doesn't hurt me. Because it does," I snap and walk back into my room. 

\---
###chapter 162
**Megan**

Brendon moves his arm around my shoulders as we walk down the beach. When we left home, we made our way to the beach party. Melanie has been in a mood since she caught us kissing the other day at her house. In all honesty, I'm not even bothered by it. I always try to make her happy.

"Are you going to tell me why you broke up with Logan?" he asks. He's been wondering about that since I told him. 

"Because I wanted to,"

"There must be another reason," he says and sits down on the beach. I look down at him, and I debate on telling him. 

"Why do you want to know?" I ask as I move to sit on him. "If I were still with him, we wouldn't be here right now," 

"Hmm very true," he says as he moves his hands up my thighs. I take my top off, so I'm just in my bikini top. "Maybe we should go back to mine," he says, looking around. 

"No one will see us," 

"You don't know that, there are weird people everywhere," he says, and moves his hand down the back of my shorts. 

"Fine," I say, and kiss him on the lips. 

\---

Walking down the school halls, some of the students are looking at me, and I'm not exactly sure why. Sandra looks at me, and I look at her. 

"What have you done?" she asks. 

"Do I have something on my face?" I ask, and she laughs and shakes her head. 

"Did you hook up with a nerd because people tell me that's social suicide?" she states, I laugh and shake my head. I get to my locker, and it's then I know why everyone is staring at me. In bright yellow spray paint someone has painted 'HOE' I frown and laugh. 

"It would seem I'm a gardening instrument," I say, and she laughs. I open my locker to get my books out. 

"Maybe you slept with someone's boyfriend," 

"Maybe," I say, and slam my locker shut. 

I notice that students are still looking at me as if they're waiting for my reaction. Taking a marker pen out of my bag, I turn to look at my locker and Add the 'W' and squeeze the 'R' between the O and E.

"There that's better," I say with a smile. "I can't possibly be a gardening instrument, it's impossible," and turn to see Logan looking at me. He shakes his head and walks away from me. 

When I got back last night he wasn't home, I wasn't too surprised, but it upset me a little because I know he's not alone when he goes out for the night. It did make me smile when I woke up in the middle of the night to him, lying next to me. It's not the first time I've woken to him holding me. I know it's selfish of me, but I like it, to know he is still there for me. He doesn't know I know, he leaves my room before morning. 

Last night I had one of my worst nightmares, it was just horrible. I woke up when it started to fade, and when I felt his arms around me, I knew it was because of him. He was asleep, which made it easier to cry. I shouldn't allow it, I should tell him to stop, but I'm selfish, and it's innocent. It doesn't help me feel any less for him, it makes me want him back, and in a way, I'm torturing myself but do I not deserve that. I've hurt him, and it's only right I hurt too. My nightmares are my karma, and him chasing them away is bittersweet. That's a whole new level of torture just for me. 

I walked into the girl's toilets to see Courtney standing at the sinks, looking in the mirror while putting some lipstick on. She glances at me and then goes back to what she's doing. 

"You look like shit," she says. 

"Thanks," I say, and look in the mirror to see I have bags under my eyes. 

"Who'd you piss off? She asks and looks at me. "Or should I say whose boyfriend did you sleep with?" 

"It wasn't you who wrote that?" I was honestly shocked. 

"If I were going to call you a whore, I would do it to your face," she says, and searches through her make-up bag and then holds a spliff out to me. "So spill," 

"I'm not sure," I say, and frown at her as I take the offering. She pulls a lighter out and lights it for me. 

"I heard you hooked up with Kenneth, so it was probably Mellissa because she's in love with him or something, the boy doesn't even look at her," she says as she opens the window. Then the toilet door opens. She looks to see it's another student, "Get out," she snaps. The girl's eyes widen before she walks out. Then Sandra walks in and glares at her. 

"It's ok," I say. She nods but doesn't leave. "I didn't sleep with Kenneth," I state, she shrugs.

"I don't really care, so why haven't I seen you at your therapist's office? You haven't signed in that book for weeks," She says as she takes the spliff from me, and takes a long drag of it. 

"I stopped going," 

"I wish I could," 

"Why do you go?" I ask. 

"I caught my dad screwing his secretary, so he sent me to a therapist, I think it's a ploy to make me look crazy if I end up telling my mother," she says. "I heard your dad isn't your dad, that's screwed up," 

"How did you hear that?" I ask, and take the spliff from her. 

"Tyler, the boy, is a chatty fucker after sex, just get up and leave my bed, you know," she says, and I smile as she's right. "I'm surprised he didn't tell you about me," 

"I tend to kick him out," I say, she smiles. I take a pull on the spliff and give it back to her.

"I should do that, I did ask him how you were doing, so it was my own fault for opening up the floor for conversation," she says. 

"You ask about me?" I ask. I notice her hair isn't as blonde as usual like she stopped getting highlights. 

"We grew up together, I was mortified when your mom died, I cried when I found out, and then all the shit with your dad, sorry uncle, I wanted to come and see you, but then everyone would know I cared for someone other than myself," she explains. 

"That's fucked up, Courtney," I say, she laughs and looks at the clock before handing me the spliff back. 

"It's easier to let people think you're a bitch than to let them know you care and hurt you, as you've worked out," she says, and I nod. "Plus losing my brother helped," I give her a small smile and look down. I remember when that happened, she was so upset; it did change her. That's when she started cutting me out. "You screwed Mr Peters yet?" she asks, and I choke on the spliff. 

"What?"

"Oh please, he's sex personified, you must have at least thought about it, I know I have. My sister said he broke her bed," she says, I laugh and look at Sandra to see her smile a little. "He called her the other day," she looks at me as if she's trying to gauge my reaction. "Asked her if she wanted to hook up," 

"He's sleeping with a lot of people lately," I say, and look down at my pale green dress. I pick at imaginary lint as I think of something else to say to her. 

"Like you," she says. I look at her. "It's almost like you're both going through heartbreak," 

"What are you getting at?" She chuckles and shakes her head at me before taking the spliff from my fingers.

"I'm not stupid, Megan, I know you, we used to be best friends. I may come off stupid most of the time, but I see more than you think," she states. 

"I don't know what you're talking about," I say, she smirks at me and her blue eyes take me in. 

"Ok, but if you ever want to talk about it, let me know. I've always kept your secrets, and this one I've kept for a long time," she states. "Maybe you and my sister can share notes," she says with a little giggle. I sigh and look away from her. 

"There's nothing to talk about," 

"Do you want another?" she asks as she pulls another spliff out of her make-up bag. I'm starting to think that bag has no make-up in it. I look at the clock to see there are ten minutes until 1st period starts. 

"Go on then," I say and watch her light it with the one in her mouth. 

"Do you remember that sub we had in Math last month?" 

"Yeah," I say as she hands me the new joint. 

"I screwed him," 

"No, you didn't," 

"I did, subs are easy because the chances of seeing them again are low, it's the best, plus they're less likely to take another shift at the school out of fear of being caught," she says and sits on the window ledge. I sit next to her and look at her. 

Courtney has always been beautiful, and she knows it, and so does everyone else, it helps that she does a bit of modelling on the side, but if I remember correctly, she only does it because her mother makes her. She's the girl most girls want to be and the type of girl to get by on her looks alone. She's about the same height as me and looks like a victoria secret model. I'm not sure why she stays single. She could have any guy she wants, and I'm not sure who she likes anymore.
###chapter 163
**Megan**

"I don't know how you can just have casual sex with anyone, the first time with Tyler I regretted it," 

"That's because Tyler is shit," 

"Says the girl that regularly sleeps with him," 

"Boredom more than anything, most of the time I'm sitting by the pool at home and he sends me a text, and I just think, 'why not, nothing else to do today,' so I tell him to come round," she explains. I chuckle and take another drag. "He's so bad at oral," 

"Yes, he is," I say, and she laughs. "I think that's why he doesn't do it often," I say. 

"But he's thrilled to have it done to him," she says, making me laugh. 

"Nope, if he doesn't do it to me, I don't do it to him," I say with a shake of my head. 

"I should probably take that attitude," 

"I don't even fake it with him; I just stay silent," 

"That's brutal," she says. 

"How else is he going to get better?" I ask. 

"I think I fake it about 90% of the time," she says and looks towards Sandra. "What do you think?" she asks her. She shrugs and looks away from us. I can tell she's not happy right now. "What's Logan like?" she asks. 

"An expert," I then slap my hand to my mouth and look at her. She grins and then laughs. 

"I knew it," she says, laughing. I shove her, and she just laughs harder. "Calm down; your secret is safe with me," she says. I look at Sandra, and she shakes her head before walking out. I jump down from the ledge and look at Courtney. 

"I can't believe you tricked me," 

"Really? I could always get you to spill," she says with a smile still on her lips. 

"You promise not to say anything?" I ask. 

"I promise," she says and holds her little finger out to me. 

"No, teasing either, he cannot know you know," I say. 

"Ok," she says with a sigh. "I will keep my mouth shut," she says and hooks her pinky finger with mine just like we used to do when we were younger. 

"We should probably go to class," I state.

"1st class is English too," she says with a grin, and we both walk out. Logan will probably know I'm high the moment he looks at me. 

We both walk into his classroom to see him sitting at his desk, texting on his phone. Courtney greets him, and without looking away from his phone, he greets her back.

"How was your weekend, sir?" she asks. He looks up from his phone and then frowns at us both. 

"Good," he says and watches as Courtney, and I sit at the back. "Since when were you two friends?" he asks. 

"Yeah," Melanie says, frowning at me. "What the hell?" she mouths. I sigh and then look at Courtney. 

"We bonded over notes," she says, and I chuckle. 

Then Sandra walks in and goes to Logan and whispers something to him. He looks at me then at Courtney. The class fills up. I gulp as he glares at me. 

"Outside," he snaps. 

"Shit," I whisper and get up from my seat. I pick up my bag and weave my way around the desks.

"You too," he snaps at Courtney. She follows me outside; Sandra follows and then stands watching us. 

"Not cool Sandra," I say, and she laughs. 

"Only following orders," she clarifies, and we wait for Logan. 

"He's pissed," Courtney states. 

"Yep," 

"He's hot when he's angry," I look at her. 

"You always think he's hot," she laughs and leans against the wall.

Logan walks out of the classroom. He tells Sandra to go back into the classroom to make sure everyone is doing what he had told them to do. He's looking just as good as ever. All he's wearing is jeans and a t-shirt but the way they pull and tighten around his muscles. Courtney is right. He folds his arms, making his white t-shirt tighten around his biceps. 

My eyes widen as I realise weed makes me horny or just Logan does. 

"See," Courtney says in my ear and gives me a nudge. I look at her out of my side view and then shake my head. 

"You're both high," he states. 

"I usually am nowadays," Courtney says. "You never usually notice," she states and gives Sandra the side-eye as if Sandra was still standing here. "Me being high doesn't affect you in any way, so just let me back in the class, and everything will be fine," she says, and he glares at her and then sighs. 

"Go inside," he orders her. She smiles and walks back into the class, but not before giving me a little wink. Logan turns to me, and I quickly look away. I hate and love being alone with him. Usually, whenever he's alone or doesn't know I'm in the room, I watch him. "I don't know what to do anymore," he says. "I've tried everything to forget you," I look at him. He moves his hand through his hair and walks to the empty classroom opposite. He opens the door and looks at me to follow. I do. He leans against the desk, and I shut the door.

"I don't know why you're so angry at me; I wish I knew. What I do know is that this isn't good for either one of us. Every time I see you I want to talk to you, I want to take you in my arms and tell you that whatever it is your feeling I can help you. Which is pathetic, I know. But for some stupid reason, I can't stay angry at you, even now when you're stood there stinking of weed with a love bite on your neck. I can't be angry. I know you hate me and if I could move out I would, but I'll be gone in two months. So all I'm asking of you is, can we be civil to each other for these two months and then I'll be out of your life?" 

I clench my hands into a fist as I feel myself become angrier. He's leaving. I knew he was but hearing him tell me now is heartbreaking. Before all of this, I was going with him, and I'm pretty sure we had it planned for the end of August due to me having to do summer school. I can't even picture my life without him in it. 

Why did this have to happen? This is why I didn't want to love anyone; in the end, I've gotten hurt anyway. I want to scream at him, tell him he's done this to me, but I know the truth. He hasn't done anything; I did this. It's me I'm angry at, and it's me I hate. I could never hate him no matter how much I've tried. 

I feel his hand on my cheek. I hadn't noticed him move; his thumb wipes under my eyes. I look up at him, and he's so close to me. I don't have it in me to push him away. I'm so tired of trying to hurt him. He leans close to me, his lips lightly touch mine. 

"Don't leave," I whisper, "Please," I beg and his lips press against mine. He pushes me against the door, and I can't help but kiss him back. 

This kiss isn't like last time; it's slow and holds so much more emotions. Before he was angry and frustrated with me, this time he is expressing how he really feels about me and I don't like it. He's kissing me like this is the last time. Like he won't ever kiss me again. I should be pleased with the thought, but all it does is upset me. 

His hands move down from my face even as I feel myself cry more. He presses his body against mine, and I feel all of him. I pull away as his hand moves through my hair.

"Stop it," I cry. He kisses the top of my head and makes me look back up at him. 

"Tell me what you want," I shake my head as I feel everything I've been feeling these past few weeks came rushing through me. "Stop crying," he says quietly and kisses me again. 

"Stop kissing me like this," I say against his lips. 

"Like what?" 

"Like it's the last time," 

"Isn't it?" he asks, "you told me you don't want me," he says. I shake my head and push him away from me. I need to leave. I open the door and walk out, he walks out after me and grabs me by my arm to him. 

"You're right," I say, looking at him. His grip loosens. "I'm being stupid," I say and get myself out of his grasp and then run down the hall away from him. I hear him hit the lockers, but I don't stop. I need to getaway.
###chapter 164
**Megan**

I only stop once I've left school, and I'm a couple of blocks away. It's only then I realise I left my bag and there's no security around me. I laugh and sit down on a bench. It seems I'm more scared of my emotions for Logan then I am of Jonathon. 

Sighing I look up at the sky to see it's completely clear of any clouds, there's not even a plane in sight. I wish everything were as clear as this sky. The sun beats down on me, and it's warm and comforting. I feel my tears dry on my cheeks. 

Maybe I should see my therapist. Then I remember I don't have my phone. I open my eyes and look around and notice there's a sign for the cemetery and it's not that far away. It's been a long time since I saw my mom. I stand and make my way to the cemetery, following the signs. 

After about 10 minutes, I'm standing in front of my mother's grave. Her name mocks me in gold leaf. She'd be disappointed in me. I know she would because I am. I feel myself get angry, if she were still here, I wouldn't be like this, but then I remember all of this is my own doing. 

"Mom, I need you," I say quietly, and her name blurs as my eyes fill with tears. I shake my head and look up at the crystal clear blue sky. I sigh and try to calm down as I close my eyes as I realise it's not her I need. "I need help," I say quietly and look at her black marble gravestone. "I'm sorry, I've been so stupid," I smile, knowing what she'd call me. "I've been a dumb-dumb," I say. "I don't even know how to fix any of this," 

"I wouldn't forgive me if I were him, how do I even tell him?" I pause and take a shaky breath as I feel the tears drop. "How do I tell him I love him?" I ask, and I know I'm not going to get an answer. I probably wouldn't get a response if she was alive. She'd probably tell me that's something I have to figure out myself.  

"I'm just so angry, all the time," I sigh and sit on the bench that is right in front of her grave. I notice there's a fresh set of roses laid on the ground. I get up and pick them up to read the card with them. 

'I'm sorry, B x' is all it says, and I know it's from Brett. I smile a little and place them back down. I wonder what he's sorry about. 

A couple of hours passed, I didn't even realise I had been here that long. I only knew because the sun was a lot higher in the sky now. I look around and see an old guy with his dog. 

"Excuse me," I call. He turns and looks at me. "Can you tell me the time please?" I ask. He looks at his watch. 

"Just gone 12:30," he says. 

"Thanks," I say and turn back to my mother's grave. I've been here for about three hours.

I must have just zoned out thinking about her and everything she would say to me. I can only imagine her sitting here talking to me, telling me she loves me, but she hates the things I've done. What I'd done to Logan, and probably the stupid tattoo I've got on my hip, that I got about two weeks ago. It's only a small outline of a heart, but she'd hate it because it means nothing. I got it while drunk at a party. I mean I could have got something a lot worse but still. 

"It's not that bad," I say quietly. 

"And neither is this situation you're in," my vision of her says. I smile and tilt my head. I look at her gravestone. "Just tell him," I smile and stand up. I kiss the tip of my fingers and press my hand to her headstone. 

"I'll come back and tell you how it goes," I say quietly and walk away from her grave. 

Once I'm out of the cemetery, I yawn and stretch, and I decide I'm going to tell him, and if he doesn't forgive me, that's something I'm going to have to deal with. 

A black van speeds down the road, I step back so it doesn't hit me and glare at it and then it stops a few feet from me. Then it reverses and stops in front of me. The side door opens, two men in black ski masks jump out. I look around to see there's no one on the street. I step back as then walk towards me. I turn and run as fast as I can back into the cemetery. 

I hear them behind me pounding the pavement, and I curse the boots I'm wearing, they only have a small heel, making it challenging to run. They shout at me, but I ignore them as I turn onto the grass to weave my way through gravestones. There's an exit at the other side of the cemetery, but this cemetery is massive. I look behind me to see they both split up. My eyes widen when I notice one has a gun in his hand. 

What the hell? Who are these guys? 

I change direction and beg my legs to go faster. 

"She's going for the exit," one shouts to the other. I then see; roughly 100 meters away from me; the guy that had broken away from his partner go past me to the exit. I stop to run towards the man behind me. 

David had told me that if I was ever being chased, the best thing to do was to run away for so long then turn and run towards them at full speed because they won't expect it. 

I sprint as fast as I can as I feel the adrenaline pumping through my body and I do what David calls a rugby tackle to the man. I pound into him with my shoulder right in the gut, knocking the wind right out of him. He drops to the ground, and I land on top of him and rollover. 

"Ah, what the fuck?" the man groans. I get back onto my feet, but he's quicker. He grabs my foot and pulls me down. I kick him with my free foot in the head and then scramble away from him. I start running again and get to a collection of trees. 

I don't have many options here. The van with the driver is blocking one of the exits, and the other is probably still blocking the other. I look from my hiding place to see they're both together again. 

"You ok?" the one that I didn't tackle asks. 

"Yeah, he said this was going to be easy, she's just a teenage girl, just grab and run, he said," the one I hit says. 

They're kidnappers for hire. Great. Jonathan outdid himself. 

I sigh and try my best to think of a way out of this. I count to three in my head and just decide to go for it. If I get out of the cemetery I can go to the cafe not far from here. 

Running out from the trees, I hear them notice me. I look to see they're both running and it would seem they have upped their game because they're faster than before. One grabs for me, but I sidestep and unfortunately for me my foot lands in a hole, and I topple over. He lands on me, and I bring my fist up and punch him in the face and then knee him in the groin. Now he's either a ken doll or he's wearing a cup because he doesn't feel a thing. He goes to grab my wrists and pins them down. 

"Stop fighting," he snaps. I say nothing and headbutt him in the face. He recoils from me and then punches me in the face, I see stars, but fortunately for me, that's not the first time someone has hit in the head. 

I bring my legs up and push him in the chest with them, making him fall back. I get up and wipe the blood from my cheek as I get into a fighting stance. 

"Get the needle ready," the one that punches me says. They both circle me, and I try my best not to panic. 

"We got told not to use that," the other says. I'm going to call him kidnapper B as it seems the guy who hit me is the boss. 

"Yeah, the rules have changed. We also got told she was just a teenage girl," he states. While Kidnapper B takes a hard black case out of his pocket and opens it to take a needle out, Kidnapper A launches at me. I dodge his hit and bring my leg up to kick him in the head. I will do everything I can to make sure I don't end up in the hands of Jonathon. 

"Can't we talk about this?" I ask as I dodge another attack. "Whatever he's paying you I can pay more," I say.

"Doubt it, sweetie," Kidnapper B says, and he goes to attack me. I'm screwed, I shouldn't think about it, but there's two of them and one of me. 

Then Kidnapper B has hold of me by the waist. He lifts me and slams me down onto the ground, and my whole body shudders with pain. I let out a scream as my body collides with the grass. The only saving grace is that I know if I had hit the concrete, it would have hurt so much more. 

"Grab her," I hear Kidnapper A orders. 

"Please," I say as I try to get up and then a cloth comes over my mouth and nose. 

"Night night sweetie," Kidnapper B says to me, and I feel a sharp prick in my neck. Slowly my world turns dark. My last thought is that David better be damn proud I rugby tackled a 6'6 man. 

\---
###chapter 165
**Logan**

"I can't find her," Sandra says as she walks into my English classroom. "I don't know how you thought I was going to when she doesn't have her phone," she says, looking at her phone. "What made her leave?" she asks. I look at her, and I feel ashamed to tell her. "What did you do?" she asks. 

"Nothing," I say and look at her phone. 

"You know most of the rumours are lies, right?" she asks. I look back at her. "I spend a lot of time with her, and she tells me most everything,"

"Is this where you tell me she's not sleeping with every male in her year?" I ask. 

"I wasn't going to, but if that is what you think, then I am going to tell you that yes. She's slept with four people," she says, and I frown. 

"That's not what I've heard," I say. 

"Of course that's not what you've heard because you've been sleeping with every woman you come across and if you think that of her then it makes you feel less guilty," she snaps at me. "I've never known such stupid people," she says and folds her arms. "I'm going to tell David to beat you up next time you're training together," she huffs, and I smile. "She knows you know," 

"Knows what?"

"That you're quickly making your way through all the females in California," she states. "And you're leaving. She's going to be distraught when she finds that out," 

"She knew I was leaving," 

"She knew you were leaving in August not June," 

"I highly doubt she's bothered by it, she's made her feelings perfectly clear, and I'm done talking about this," I say and look at her phone as she gets a text. I open it and see it's from Tyler. 

'Fancy a quickie b4 Art?' he texts and I sigh. Why did I open this text? I scroll up the text messages to see she refuses him more often than she says yes to him. Whenever she does, he seems to get angry and accuses her of sleeping with one of his friends. I sigh and send 'No' to him. 

I look up at Sandra, and she glares at me. 

"Give me the phone," she holds her hand out to me. I shake my head, "She'll be angry with you if you go through it," 

"She's already pissed at me, if I keep her phone she'll have to come and talk to me," I say and her phone pings. I look back at her phone. 

'Is it b/cos u screwed Kenneth?' 

"Kenneth," I say shocked, and I look at Sandra. "That giant," and Sandra laughs. Kenneth is the tallest guy in the school, and he's built like a brick shithouse. If the team didn't get tested regularly for steroids, I'd think he was on them. I frown to myself and then look down at her phone. "She wouldn't have," I say quietly and then look at Sandra to see her smile. "Would she?" 

"I don't know," she says. 

"His biceps are bigger than my head," I say, and her smile widens.

"Wait, is Kenneth, the basketball team captain?" she asks, and I nod. "Wow, he is a large man," 

"Stop it," I say, glaring at her. "I know what you're doing, and I'm not falling for it," 

"I wonder if it's all in proportion, you know the height and everything," 

"I'm not listening," I say, putting her phone back in her bag. "It's what you do with it," I mutter and she laughs. 

\--

Carl looks at me as I idly press piano keys. He sighs and sits next to me to start playing. He hates it when I'm depressed, and that is what I am right now. The talk I had with Sandra upset me. I feel like an arsehole, Sandra claims we're both being stupid, but Megan was the one to end things with me. She was the one that made me think she'd happily moved on to Tyler and Brendon. 

Every time we're together, she confuses the hell out of me, and I can't do it anymore. Leaving is the best option; I kind of wish I could leave earlier. I don't want to leave but watching her run around, making the choices she's making, I can't wait for her anymore. 

"Did you hear?" he asks. I nod and look down. 

"I got a text," 

"I also heard she slept with Kenneth," I look at him and glare at him. He smirks and starts to play a 'Bruno Mars' song. "Probably not true though," he says 

"What does it matter?" I ask and get up. "I shouldn't care who she is with," I say and pick up my half-eaten apple off of the Piano. 

"She comes in here quite often, plays some depressing song and then leaves," he pauses. "You're both starting to bum me out," he says. 

"I told her I'm leaving in July," I say. He stops playing and looks at me. "She started crying," 

"Doesn't that tell you she feels something for you," 

"It tells me she's sad about it, but that's it, could be crying because I'm not taking her, no free flight to England," 

"Shut up before I shut you up," he snaps, and I frown at him. He has never threatened me. "You're talking nonsense; she cried because she feels something for you," 

"Well if that's true why is she doing this to me?" I ask. 

"I don't know, but once you know you'll feel like a complete dick," 

"I already do," 

"Why?" he asks. 

"Sandra told me she's not slept with as many people as I'm led to believe, 4 to be exact," 

"4?" he asks and frowns. "Wow, then that means people are lying," 

"Yep, and I'm a dick, I've been thinking with my dick for the past few weeks because I thought she was, I should have known she's not like that," 

"There's no point in beating yourself up about it, it's not like she's ever denied any of the rumours," he states and then the door opens. Yasmin walks in, she looks at Carl and then at me. 

"Oh, hi," she says to me. I give her a small smile and look at Carl to see him glaring at her.

"What do you want Miss Murphy," he snaps. 

"Urm...I wanted to talk to you," 

"About what,

"I" she looks at me, and it's like she's asking me for help. I'm not sure what I can do for her from what Carl has told me, she's been giving him the cold shoulder, even skipped his class. "I'd like to start coming back to class," 

"There's no room, in my class anymore, the student office has taken you off my register," 

"But I need the credits," 

"You should have thought about that before skipping my class so much," he says coldly. "You'll have to make the credits another way," he says and sits back down at the piano. She sighs and looks at me. I walk over to her and move her towards the door. 

"I'll talk to him," I whisper. She nods and thanks me before walking out. 

"That was awkward," I say and look at him. He shakes his head and then looks at me. "Since when were you so cold and domineering? I kind of like this side of you," 

"If it turns you on, I can do something about it," he jokes. 

"And your back to the Carl I dislike," I say and sit on one of the chairs. "What's going on with you two? The student office doesn't take a student off the register; you have to tell them to do that." I say. 

"When I started this job, she stopped showing up to the lesson. After a couple of weeks I decided just to take her off the register, makes it easier and it doesn't put a mark against her record," he states. 

"But if she needs the credits," 

"She can get them from a different subject," he cuts in. I sigh as I realise I won't win this right now. I'll probably try again tomorrow.
###chapter 166
**Megan**

"What the fuck did you do to her?" I hear a distorted voice say. I open my eyes and feel pain radiate through my body. "Why is she tied up?" I hear the same distorted voice say. It's then I realise I'm sitting on a chair with my hands tied behind my back. I feel someone jerk my hands, and then my arms loosen from behind me. 

"She's scrappy, you said she was just an average teenage girl, not that she is trained in combat," a voice from behind me says. 

"Hardly trained in combat," another distorted voice says from further away. I close my eyes tightly as I try to bring myself round. 

"Yeah, my face and bruised ribs say different," the man says who I'm guessing is Kidnapper A. I hear someone chuckle a little. 

Then I feel a finger on my cheek. I try my best not to flinch and to come across still passed out. The person touching my face moves my hair behind my ear and then strokes I'm guessing my bruised cheek. 

"You hit her," the distorted voice says, and I have the dreaded feeling that it's Jonathan. I told myself I'd never let him touch me again, but right now, I need to bide my time if I want to leave here alive. 

"Yeah, well he picked her up and threw her into the ground, I'm pretty sure that hurt her more than me punching her in the face,"  

"You were supposed to pick her up unharmed," the distorted voice snaps and I can hear the anger. 

"We didn't plan on hurting her, she wasn't easy, she's fast for one," Kidnapper A says. 

"He's telling the truth, we thought she would be quite easy, but when she rugby tackled him, we had to up our game," Kidnapper B states. The distorted voice sighs and then places his hand under my chin and forces my head up to him. I'm going to call him Darth because he sounds eerily like Darth Vader. 

"How long until she wakes up?" he asks. 

"Shouldn't be too long," Kidnapper B says. 

Darth lets go of me, my head drops. I open my eyes to see he's stood in front of me, I keep my head down looking at their feet. I see two pairs of feet behind him, and I can't see the other set of feet, but I know there's a minimum of four people in this room. 

"You can leave, go stand guard," Darth says. I move my eyes up Darth's legs, and I notice it can't be Jonathon, his legs are too long, and his thighs are too thick under the black jeans he's wearing. 

I hear the door slam shut, and it's now I realise this is probably my only chance. I clench my fist and lung forward, tackling Darth to the ground. He drops, and I climb up his body and punch him in his covered face. He's wearing something that covers his eyes also with tinted plastic. I notice a knife in his black body warmer chest pocket. I take it out and hold it to his neck and look around the room to see two other people. 

"Stay still, or I'll slit his fucking neck," I threaten. They stop in their tracks, and I feel my hand shaking as I hold it to his neck. 

"Calm down," the one to my left says with his hands up in surrender. His voice is distorted too.

"I am calm, now why am I here," I snap and I can feel myself start to sweat. I look around again to see I'm in a dark abandoned warehouse. I feel Darth's hand on my thigh, I look down at him and press the knife to his neck again. "Move your hand," he moves his hands up to his head, so he's in the same stance as the other two. 

"We're not going to hurt you," the left one says. I look around again, and from the darkness, I'm guessing I was out for a while. 

"You're not getting the chance," I say and press the blade of the knife against Darth. 

Then Darth hits my arm, knocking the knife from my hand and flips me off him. I stand and stagger a little as I still feel the effects of the drug in me. I get myself ready for an attack. I decide I'm not going to give them a chance and I run forward, skid between his legs and turn to kick his legs out from under him. 

I notice the one on the right hasn't moved; he just stands watching. Left runs towards me, and Darth holds his hand up, stopping him. I smirk and go to kick him, he blocks me with his arms and then grabs my leg. I hop on one foot and then jump up to backflip, narrowly missing hitting him under the chin. I land on all fours and turn around. 

Wildly I look around for an exit. It's too dark to see, there's only one light, and that's the light above us, and it doesn't light the whole warehouse. There's only one, and from the conversation earlier Kidnapper A and B are out there. 

"Maybe I should have kept the zip ties on," Darth states. 

"You think," the guy to the left says. 

I frown at Darth and look around again, the knife is too far away, and the only thing available is the wooden chair I was sat on. I grab it and pick it up, breaking it to use one of the legs as a weapon. 

"Somebody trained you well." Darth states. I shrug and then run towards him. 

He blocks all of my attacks, and I can feel myself getting tired. I have a feeling that these people don't want to hurt me. This Darth guy has been on the defence the entire time. By the size of him, he could probably take me out. 

Darth grabs my makeshift weapon and pulls it towards him, making me fall into him. He grabs me and pins both arms behind my back and holds me tightly to him, and a familiar scent fills my nostrils. 

"Enough," he orders as his body presses against mine. "And stop aiming for the face," he says. I frown and struggle to get out of his grip. His arm is over my shoulders. I look at his wrist, and I notice the watch he's wearing. It seems like Logans, but Logan wouldn't do this to me. 

I stamp my foot on him, but he doesn't budge. I scream and bite down on his arm as hard as I can, breaking through his long sleeve black top and then skin. He lets go, and I spin round and move my arms around his neck and squeeze. I nudge his knee, making him drop down onto one knee. 

It's then; I hear laughing. I look around to see it's not the guy on the left or the right of me. The laughter comes from in front of me, but I can't see anything because of the darkness. 

The lights switch on one by one, slowly revealing the rest of the warehouse. 

"She was never one to listen, she needs a good beating," and that voice makes me freeze. 

Jonathan is hanging by his arms about 50 feet away. I let go of Darth and step back. The guy that has stayed silent this whole time walks up to him attaches a wire to him and presses something on the ground. Jonathon's body convulses, and he groans in pain. 

"No one said you could speak," Right man says, and it's then I notice Jonathon is only in a pair of jeans, dry blood covers his body, and he's got two black eyes.

Darth stands and then grabs me. I look up at him, I don't know how I know, but I know he's looking down at me, and he's trying to tell me it's ok.
###chapter 167
**Megan**

The Left guy pulls a chair from the side to where Jonathon is and puts a bottle of water at the side of it. 

"Do I have to tie you up again? Or will you sit there quietly?" Darth asks me. 

"I'll sit quietly," I say. 

Darth leads me to the chair, and I sit down on it. He places his black-gloved hand on my shoulders as if holding me in place. I gulp down my emotions and look at Jonathon. He looks so skinny, his jeans don't fit him very well, and his ribs are on show. Darth leans down. I look to the side of me as he turns and I'm not sure if he's looking at me, but he's facing me, so I'm guessing he is. 

"Jonathon has some things to tell you," he says, and then he moves his hand to stroke my bruised cheek. I flinch, he touches me anyway. "Don't worry. We won't do to you what we've done to him." 

He looks at Jonathon, before picking up the water and holding it out in front of me. I take it and follow his gaze to Jonathon. The man that had electrocuted him unhooks the chains that are keeping him from the floor. Jonathan drops to the ground with a sickening thud. His body doesn't move, which makes the man pick him up by his hair. I watch as the other guy brings a chair and places it several feet from me. Right guy drags him to the chair and makes him sit in it before strapping his hands to the modified chair. Both Left and Right guy stand at either side of Jonathon.

Darth walks away from me, and I have this sense of loss leave me the further he walks away. I frown, mentally shaking my head. I think I've got Stockholm syndrome, is that possible after being with your kidnapper for a few minutes? I just feel like I know him, but I'm not sure. I don't know anyone who would do this to me, well I do, and he's sitting in front of me tied up and beaten. 

"Now, remember what we spoke about?" he asks Jonathon. Jonathan glares at him, Darth just tilts his head before punching Jonathon in the face. I gulp down any emotions I feel and watch as he hits him repeatedly. "Now, do you remember?" He steps away from Jonathon, and I see the blood drip out of his mouth. He spits the blood; I notice a tooth mixed with the blood. 

"Yes," Jonathon says. He looks at me and snarls a little before looking away. 

"Tell her what you told me," Darth orders. I watch as he walks back towards me, "Drink, it will clear the drug out of your system," he says to me. I nod and look down at the bottled water. It looks new, the seal isn't broke, and I can't see any holes anywhere to indicate it had been tampered with. I feel around the bottle just to make sure. 

"Is she screwing you?" Jonathon asks. I'm not sure if it's Jonathon or Benjamin that is sitting here. But that question makes me think it's Benjamin. "The whore," he spits. Left turns to look at him and goes to hit him.

"Don't," I say quickly. I'm not sure why I stopped him, but I just feel that if they continue, they'll knock him out. Left stops and looks at Darth who is standing behind me. I look up at him, "Please, if you knock him out he won't be able to tell me anything," I say. He sighs and looks back to Left and nods. 

Benjamin laughs, "You still love me, I see," he says. I sigh in response. 

"Clean his face," Darth says. Right walks towards a big barrel and takes a sponge out of it. 

"Why am I here?" I ask. I'm not sure if I should be happy about the fact Jonathon is here and not out waiting to get me alone. It would seem he's been here for weeks. Which makes me question if he escaped or if these people took him.

"Because Jonathon has some things to tell you," Darth states. "I'll start for you, that sitting there in front of you is not Benjamin, Benjamin doesn't exist. Jonathan doesn't have DID; he is a psychopath," he states. I frown at him and then look at Jonathon. 

"You caught me," he says, laughing. I shake my head a little as my brain tries to catch up with what my ears are hearing. 

"But," I blink and then look at the barrel of water and then back at Jonathon. 

"But, but," Jonathan mocks, with a cackle. "Catch up princess, I faked everything, it was easy, really. Who would have thought the genius standing behind you would catch on?" he asks. 

I feel my heart pound in my ears as the information sinks in. I had given him so much forgiveness because I thought he was mentally ill. I thought he didn't know about any of it, that he wouldn't ever willingly do any of that stuff to me. 

Before I know it I'm standing up. I walk over to him and unbuckle his hands from the chair. He looks up at me; I punch him as hard as I can. He falls onto the ground. I grab him by his hair and drag him towards the barrel. The anger in me taking over. This man had tortured me for two years and thought it was perfectly fine. He tricked me and others into thinking he was a victim too. 

Dragging him up, I plunge his head into the water, holding him under. He struggles, just like how I did when he did this to me all the time. I step over him and keep both of his arms behind his back. I then pull his head up. He takes a deep breath as his body sucks in the much-needed oxygen, he brings in enough just in time for me to hold him under again. 

"Should we stop her?" I hear one of the three men behind me say. 

"No," I hear the other reply. "If she kills him, we'll burn his body," and for some reason I know that's Darth. I pull him out and repeat the process over and over. 

"Please stop," he begs. 

"Funny you never stopped when I asked you to," I say and hold his head under to then pull him back out. "You held me under until I stopped breathing," I say, and he fights me more. "I should do the same," I then plunge his head back into the barrel. I watch as bubbles start to slow at coming up from the water; a sense of satisfaction fills me a little. If he's dead I don't have to live in fear anymore, I'll be free of him, free of the nightmares and may be open to love. 

Small bubbles come to the surface and then stop as his body stops fighting me and goes limp. I sigh as I realise killing him makes me just as evil as him. I throw him out of the barrel onto the floor. Kneeling, I start CPR on him. I guess taking first aid in class last year has come in handy. 

He jerks up to the side, coughing water out of his lungs. He's done the same thing to me before when his games went too far, and he had to do CPR on me. 

I get up and walk away from him to the chair I was sitting on. I pick up my bottle of water and take a drink of it. 

"Why did you save him?" Darth asks me. 

"I'd be as bad as him," I say and look down at my black dress to see it's drenched. 

"You could never be as bad as him," he says and wipes my cheek. I hadn't realised I had been crying. I quickly wipe my cheeks and try my best to calm my emotions.

"A, lately I'm not so sure," I say quietly and sit in the chair given to me. I watch as Left and Right pick Jonathan up by the arms and take him back to the chair. On the upside, he looks a little cleaner. 

"Can tell you're my daughter," Jonathan states with a chuckle. His hair drips with water as he looks at me, I can't help but be slightly proud of myself. I narrow my eyes on him as I fold my arms. 

"I'm not your daughter," I state. His eyes widen in shock. I smirk a little. "You thought Brett wouldn't tell me?" I ask. 

"He got some guts and came back then?" he asks "Arsehole left as soon as your whore of a mother died," he states. "By the look of you, the apple doesn't fall too far now does it?" he mocks. 

"You killed her because she cheated on you," 

"No, that wasn't the reason, and I wouldn't say I killed her, I wasn't the one who drove into her," 

"You made her run a red light," 

"Actually, she didn't run the red light, I crashed into the back of her as she stopped at the red light and forced her car into the middle of the intersection," he says as if it was a normal thing to say. "Bitch shouldn't have tried to leave me," 

"You're sick," I say in disgust. 

"No, she is, I did everything for that woman, and she decided to run off with my brother, I knew she was fucking him, I wasn't bothered about that as long as it was my bed she got into every night. She was mine," he snaps. "And I figured if I couldn't have her, no one could, luckily for me I had you as her replacement," he says again with the carefree attitude. Like it's perfectly reasonable to be this way. "I didn't mean for her to die," 

"What did you expect?" I ask as I feel myself get angry.

"I was meaning to drag her back home and punish her for trying to leave me," 

"I feel like punishing you right now," I mutter and he grins. I feel a hand on my shoulder, Jonathan's eyes narrow, and I see the anger evident in them. 

"Don't worry, we can do that," Darth says. 

"No, I can do that," I say, standing up. Right, and Left both look towards each other. They probably think I'm going to go crazy on him again. I'm not; I'm just going to do something I've wanted to do since he first touched me.
###chapter 168
**Megan**

I turn to Darth, I had noticed he picked up the knife a little while ago. I go to the pocket. I pull and take it out. I glance at his watch that looks like Logan's. Something in me tells me it's no coincidence he has the same one as him or even the same figure. He even smells like him. But I can't bring myself to acknowledge that this is Logan fully. That Logan would have me kidnapped, although I don't think he intended for my kidnapping to be so violent. 

Taking the knife out, I look up at Darth although I can't see his eyes, I know he's looking at me. 

"Promise not to use that on me, and you can keep it," he states. 

"Promise," I say before turning to Jonathon. He tilts his head at me in question before smirking. I think he finds all of this amusing. I stand in front of him; he looks up at me. "My therapist tells me that taking revenge on you wouldn't make me feel better," I say and pause as I lift my leg and place my booted foot on his groin. I lean on my weight on him and watch as he squirms in pain. "I think she's wrong," I say as I stomp onto his groin. He screams as in actually screams like a girl; I can't help but smile a little. 

I notice that Left put his hand to his groin and shifts from one foot to the other. He's roughly the same build as Carl, which means Right must be David. I look at him; he's stood how David stands when he's watching me spar with Brett or Logan. 

Rubbing my foot into his groin, I grab him by his hair and force him to look at me. Seeing the pain etched on his face is probably the best thing to see right now. I could kill him; I could do anything to him right now, no one would know apart from the three people in this room. Killing him though, seems like an easy escape for him, I'm also not sure if I could go through life knowing I killed someone. He may be a piece of shit and a waste of oxygen, but it's still a life. 

I sigh and let go of him and take my foot from his groin. He drops forward panting. 

"You're not worth it," I say and sit back in my seat. Indeed, he isn't worthy of any of this; he's not even worth hating. I had all this anger in me towards him and looking at him now, I feel nothing. He has taken enough from me, and I'm not going to give him any more of my tears, thoughts or feelings. 

"Muzzle him and chain him back up," Darth orders Left and Right. They nod and get to work chaining him up. Darth takes my chair and turns it, so I'm facing him. "We will take you back to where we got you from," he says. 

"What will you do with him?" I ask. 

"What do you want us to do with him?" he asks. 

"Anything you want, just don't kill him, he's not worthy of death," I say. He nods a little and wipes my cheek. I'm crying again. I sigh and allow him to wipe my tears away. 

I move my hand up to his jaw. His hand stops as he looks at me. Slowly I move my thumb over his lips. 

"Megan," he says quietly, and the voice modifier didn't pick it up, revealing his English accent. 

"Thank you," I say quietly and move my hand down from him. He nods a little before clearing his throat and standing up. 

"We will have to blindfold you and tie you up while we take you," he states. 

"Ok," is all I say and hear the chains moving again. 

\---

Logan

Brett paces up and down in the living room. Phone in hand as he worries about Megan. The police are sitting on the sofa, going over with us from when we last saw her. 

"What happened to her to leave her phone at school?" The police officer asks.

"Jonathon must have taken her, I should have listened to her," he snaps to himself. 

"Let's not jump to the worse, you know she's been acting out for a while now, she's probably with a friend," I calmly state.

"I've rung every friend I know her to have, and she's not with any of them," he states. I look towards David and Carl. Then I hear the front door open. I sigh in relief as we left her in the cemetery about three hours ago. Not the ideal place to have left her, but it was the only option. I got someone to watch her, but still, anything could have happened. We all walk into the foyer to see her stumble to the stairs, a small bottle of alcohol in hand.

"Where the hell have you been?" Brett asks her

"Out," she snaps at him. 

"It seems everything is ok here now," the police officer states. David walks him to the door. 

"What do you mean, out?" Brett asks. "I've been worried sick, we all were, Logan has spent hours driving around looking for you," he snaps. If only he knew, he'd be furious.

"Has he?" she asks and looks towards me. She tilts her head and I'm sure theres challenge in her eyes.

"What happened to your face?" he asks as he moves her hair so he can see the bruising better. I could have killed Scott and James for that. " And your hand," he adds as he takes in her appearance. She hurt her hand when she punched Jonathon; I doubt she noticed it at the time.

"I got into a fight," she says. "Can I go to bed now?" she asks. 

"Do you think she knows?" Carl whispers to me. I watch her as Brett nods, she gives him a small smile and walks up the stairs. 

"I'll take that," he says, taking the bottle from her. It would seem she only drank a quarter of the bottle. 

"Whatever," she mutters and continues walking up the stairs. She glances at me when she gets to the top, and I realise she's far from drunk. 

"She definitely knows," I say back to Carl.
###chapter 169
**Megan**

"Logan can never know," I say as I look up at my bedroom ceiling. I sit up on the edge of my bed, using the sheet to cover me as I reach for my dressing gown. Carl sighs loudly, and I look behind me at him to see he's running his hands over his face. 

"I wouldn't worry about it," he states and grabs his boxers. 

"What do you mean? He's going to be furious," I snap. 

"And? You have both broken up. He's slept with one of my exes before,"

"This is different," I tighten the belt around my waist and get out of bed. 

"Why? Because it's you?" He asks and gets out of my bed to then stand in front of me. He moves his hands to my arms. I look up at him, "he's not going to find out," 

"This is different because neither one of us were drunk, we knew exactly what we were doing," I state. "And that will hurt him," I say quietly. He sighs, before pulling me into a hug. 

"We will act like nothing happened, he won't find out, I promise," he says. "OK?" I nod and pull away from him.

"I need a shower," I state before walking away from him into my bathroom. 

**Carl**

I watch Megan walk into the bathroom. She is right, Logan will flip his lid if he finds out, but I'm not sure he has any right to be, with the way he has been acting. On top of that, I'm pretty sure he's using again. Michelle isn't the best influence. When he told me he was back in contact with her, I knew. 

The look on Megan's face when he walked into the kitchen and put his arms around Michelle, I thought she was going to either beat him or break-down. He has the IQ of a genius, can tell when a psycho is faking a mental illness but doesn't know that the girl he loves, loves him back. 

Walking out of her bedroom, I quickly look around and then creep back to my own room, it's not morning yet, which is good. I can't say I regret sleeping with Megan because I don't, I like her, and I've liked her for a long time. He fucked up. She may have been reacting to what she saw and felt vulnerable, but she was the one to kiss me. 

I drop the condom into the bin in my bathroom, wash my hands and then climb into bed. 

Megan is probably the only girl I've liked for this long at the same time as Logan. I wanted Stephanie but not like this. Not to the degree of risking my friendship with him. Although I doubt we'd ever stop being friends, we've been through that much together. There are just things that he's doing I disagree with. If he's using again, then he and Megan shouldn't be together, that wouldn't be fair on Megan. She needs someone who is there all the time. Someone she can depend on. Logan is dependable until a point if he has relapsed; it will only be a matter of time until he does something stupid. 

\-*-

**Megan**

I sit in my car in the parking lot of my therapist's office building. I have been sitting here for the last two hours. My day had gone like normal. I kept to myself all day; I just wanted to get through the day. Logan had tried to talk to me, but I couldn't even look him in the eye. I feel like I've committed a crime. The thing is I don't regret it. I just know that if he finds out, it will hurt him and I don't want that. No matter how much he has hurt me. 

My phone rings. I look down to see Carl's name blink at me. I answer. 

"Hey," he says, and he sounds nervous. "Where are you?" 

"I'm at the mall," I lie.

"Are you ok?"  

"Yeah, I'm just window shopping," 

"Ok, listen, about last night. Do you regret it?" he asks. 

"No," I truthfully tell him. 

"Good, it's just, Logan mentioned you were avoiding him, I know that if we hadn't slept together, you would probably have avoided him anyway, I just don't want you to be beating yourself up over this," 

"I know, I also know he'd hate me if he found out," 

"Trust me it wouldn't be you he'd hate. You have to realise that he's not thinking about you after he sleeps with someone, so you need to go easier on yourself,"

"I know, he's not, but he's not slept with any of my friends," I state. 

"He slept with Courtney's sister again," I sigh and look down at my lap, 

"You're a shit friend right now," I say.

"I am, and it's because I'm trying to be a good friend to you," he states. "Logan is a grown man who can look after himself, and there are things that you don't know about, that he needs to sort out," he snaps. He sounds really angry with him. 

"Why are you so angry at him?" I ask. 

"Because he's doing stupid shit and it annoys me," 

"So tell him," 

"I will if you tell him you love him," he counters. I remain silent on that and look out the window to see my therapist walking towards my car. 

"I have to go," 

"As long as you're ok,"

"I will be," I say and hang up. 

Sarah walks up to my car window. She knocks on it. I press the button to let the window down. 

"How long do you intend to stay out here?" she asks. I look at the time to see it's just gone past 6. 

"I was trying to pluck up the courage to come in," 

"I see, so do you want me to go back inside and wait for this courage to come to you?" I smile a little and shake my head. "What are you scared of Megan?" 

"That you'll make me talk," 

"I won't make you do anything, we can sit in silence if you like," she states. 

"Promise?" I ask. She nods. With my mind made up, I get out of my car and follow her to her office.

I sit on the light grey couch. Sara sits opposite me in her chair; she does her regular routine before a session and watches me. She's redone her hair, and it looks a lot lighter than what she usually gets, it's straight too. I'd love to see her natural hair. I have a feeling it is curly judging by the little ringlet that is out by her ears whenever she braids it. Her outfit today is similar to the one she wore when I last saw her, only the skirt of the dress is shorter, and it's a halter neckline.

"How did you know I was outside?" I ask.

"CCTV, my receptionist, told me when you turned up, I figured I'd see how long you would be out there first." She explains. 

"So we're just going to sit here?"

"If that is what you want, yes," 

"OK," I say. 

I'm not sure about what to say. I don't even know why I came here. I told myself when I finished school I'd go for a drive and the next thing I know I'm in the parking lot. 

The other day I had thought about coming back to therapy, but with everything that happened, I guess I just dismissed the idea. 

Where do I start? I can't tell her about Jonathon, but I'm not sure that is the reason I'm here. The reason I'm here right now is Logan, my feelings towards him. The things I've done to forget and to stop how I'm feeling. 

"Do you want a drink?" she asks. I look up at her to see her walking to a small drinks table. "I'd offer you something strong, but your age is an issue," she says. "Tea or coffee?" she asks. 

"Tea is fine," I reply. 

My phone vibrates in my pocket. I take it out and look to see 'Brett' blinking at me. I ignore it and place my phone on the coffee table in front of me. Sarah places my drink on the table, glances at my phone to then sit back in her chair with her own. My phone starts to vibrate again and again it's Brett. 

"Do they know you're here?"

"No," 

"Why not?" I shrug in response. "Why have you come here?" 

"I'm not sure," I say quietly and reach for my cup of tea. I only started drinking tea because of Logan. On the weekend he can drink up to six cups just in the morning. "You said we could sit in silence," I say. 

"OK, silence it is," 

I give her a small smile before getting comfy on the sofa. I lift my legs onto the couch as my phone rings again. This time it's Logan. Knowing Brett, he probably told him to ring me and see if I'll answer.
###chapter 170
**Megan**

Sara looks at my phone then at me. I sigh and lay my head back to try to shut the noise out.

The noise stops but then starts up again. 

"You know if you answer it, they'll stop," Sara states. 

"I know, I just don't want to talk to anyone," 

"Well that's not possible now, is it?" She asks. I look towards her. She picks up my phone to hold it out to me. I take the phone from her. "Answer it, tell them where you are so they can stop ringing," 

"Fine," I huff before sliding the green circle. "Hey," 

"Brett wants to know where you are," Logan states. I hear Brett say something to him, but I can't make out what it is. "And if you're ok?" 

"I'm out, and I'm ok," 

"She's out and ok," he repeats back. "Happy now?" he then sighs, "Out where? And who with?" 

"Out and no one," I look at Sara to see her shaking her head. Logan repeats what I've said; I hear a door shut. 

"Are you sure you're ok?" he asks. I look down at my lap and pick at some imaginary lint. Even though I'm angry at him and I don't want to talk to anyone for some reason I want him to know where I am. 

"Are you alone?" I ask. 

"Yeah," 

"I'm fine. I'm just at my therapy session," 

"Ok, but you don't want Brett to know?" he asks. 

"No," 

"Are you sure you're ok?" he asks.

"I'm not sure, to be honest, I'm not really sure why I'm here," I state.

"You must have felt like you needed to talk to someone, you can talk to me, but I don't think you want to." 

He is so wrong. I want to talk to him, but I'm not sure I can after what I saw in the kitchen and after what I have done. 

"I should go," I state as I don't want to lie to him again. 

"Ok, text me when you've finished," 

"I will, cya," I then end the call. I look at Sara to see she's tilted her head in thought. 

"Why didn't you want Brett to know you're here?" 

"I don't know," 

"You looked sad talking to Logan, what is making you upset?" 

"He told me he's leaving in a couple of months, and it made me realise that I needed to tell him how I'm feeling," 

"How did you come to that conclusion?" 

"I went to the cemetery to see my mom, and it just made me realise that she'd call me an idiot right now," 

"I wouldn't say you're an idiot. You've been through a lot, and it's only natural of you to want to protect yourself. The problem you have is how you've gone about it," I nod and reach for a tissue to dab at my eyes. "You're talking past tense, have you changed your mind?" I nod. "Why?" 

"He has a girlfriend," 

"Oh,"

"And I slept with his best friend," 

"Oh, that's a sticky situation," 

"Yep," 

"Are you sure he has a girlfriend? It's just to me he doesn't seem the type to have many relationships," 

"Well the way he was acting with her, the others left straightaway in the morning, they didn't stay for breakfast," 

"So he hasn't said that she's his girlfriend," 

"He doesn't have to," I frown at my own logic. 

"So because he has a girlfriend you slept with his best friend?" 

"No, I'm not sure why I did. We went to see a movie, and when we came back, we watched Netflix. I'm not really sure what happened," 

"Were you drunk?" I shake my head. "Do you not think you did it to hurt him?" she asks. 

"A part of me thinks so, but it upsets me to know that if he finds out, he will be hurt, which I don't want, so I'm not really sure," I ramble.

"Well he's hurt you in two ways, he's leaving, and he apparently has a girlfriend, it's natural to want to hurt him," 

"But I don't want to,"

"Now you don't, but you probably did at the time. Do you regret it?" I shake my head, "But you feel guilty?" I nod. "What have you being doing Megan?" she asks. "You look like crap," 

"Thanks,"

"Well you do, you've lost weight, which I didn't think was possible, by the look of things you got into a fight recently, and you're making stupid decisions," she tells me. 

"I've not lost that much weight, I'm not home enough, so I forget to eat, and what decisions?" I ask.

"Brett called me a couple of weeks ago, asking if there was a way he could get you back into therapy, he told me a few things,"  

"Like what?" I ask cautiously. I don't think I like the fact he's casually calling my therapist. 

"He said rumours are going around about you at school, he told me what they are," 

"Why does he keep interfering?"

"He's worried about you, he's your dad, and it's only right for him to worry," 

"He isn't my dad," I snap.

"You seem to be angry with him," 

"Yeah, I am,"

"Who else are you angry at?" I shake my head at her question as I feel myself become upset. I feel like I'm angry at the wrong people, but I don't know who to be mad at. "Megan, it's ok to be angry, if you continue to bottle these emotions up, at some point they're going to manifest into something a lot worse," 

"I don't know how to cope with any of this," I mutter, "telling people I'm angry at them doesn't change anything, telling Logan that I love him isn't going to change anything, it will just open me up to being hurt," 

"Megan, I'm not saying you have to tell anyone anything, you need to acknowledge your emotions and accept them," 

"I already have," 

"I wonder about that," she states. "There are people in your life who are worried about you, so am I, Brett had asked me about forcing you into therapy," my eyes widen at that, and I look at her. "That is not something I do, I always think therapy should be a choice, but there are things I'm hearing that makes me question if you're a danger to yourself," she then nods towards my wrists. "The self-harm is a concern here," 

"What are you saying?" I ask. 

"If I believe you're a danger to yourself or others, I do have the power to put you under a section. I'm not saying that is what's happening, I'm telling you this because you are showing some signs to be worried about," she explains.

"So you're basically saying if I don't do what you think is right, you'll lock me up in some facility?" I ask. 

"No, I'm saying for your own safety there need to be some things put in place," 

"Like what?" I ask.

"I think we should up the sessions to three times a week, and I'll speak with your psychiatrist to see if they can suggest some different medication," 

"I won't have to meet this psychiatrist, will I?" remembering how much I didn't like them the first time I met them.

"No, I have a psychiatrist I work with that I liaise with, he will look over my notes, and we will discuss what would be best for you," she explains. 

"I don't want anything that knocks me out, or makes me a zombie," I state. 

"I know, and I know this sounds scary, but I'd like not to section you."

"Me neither, I just," I don't finish my sentence because, in all honesty, I don't know what to say. 

"The more you try to lock away your emotions, the more you're going to hurt yourself and others," I look down and wipe my tears from my cheek.

"Won't meds make me worse?" I ask. 

"Hopefully not. Some can make you emotionless, but you won't be going on any of them,"

"Ok," 

"Can I call someone to pick you up?" she asks, "I don't think you should drive yourself home right now," I nod and look down at my phone. "Do you want me to call Logan for you?" she asks. 

"He probably won't come," 

"If not I'll call Brett after," she states. 

"Ok," I say, and give her my phone. She takes it and gets up to walk out of the room. 

I sit and stare at my hands. How did I get like this? She says I'm a danger to myself, but if I were, I would have done more than what she's saying. I haven't tried to hurt myself. I don't understand what she means. 

People are acting like I've done something wrong. I still turn up to school; my grades are always right. All that is different is that I allowed myself not to care. Many girls at school have slept with many more people than I have. I've slept with five people, why are people acting like I've lost my mind. 

The door opens, and Sara walks back in. She gives me a small smile and hands me my phone back. 

"He's coming," 

"Is all this because I slept with a couple of people?" I ask. 

"No, Brett had told me you have started doing drugs and drinking," 

"I smoked a little weed," I snap. 

"Megan, when people do things that are out of their character, it's usually a sign that they need help," she explains. 

"But I haven't done anything wrong?" 

"I'm not saying you have, I need to be honest with you; Megan," she says and sits next to me. "Have you heard of PTSD?" she asks, I nod, "I'm not saying you have it, I need to assess you some more and speak to my colleague. 

"But I thought people from the army got that?" I ask. 

"No, many things can bring it on, stress, trauma and life events," she states. "It's treatable," she adds. I nod and wipe my eyes again. "I'll discuss it with the psychiatrist, and we will take it from there," she states and then places her hand on mine. This is the first time she's ever given me any kind of comfort. "Tell me what you're thinking,"

"I'm crazy," I say, "Is this because of Jonathon or Logan?" I ask. 

"You're not crazy, the traumas you faced with Jonathon are probably a factor, but like I said it's all about figuring this out. You might not have it. You are showing some signs with the severe depression," she explains. "We will discuss this more at our next session," 

"Ok," is all I say, I'm not sure what else to say. It's scary to think about, to put a label on myself. People will see me differently, think of me differently. I just hope it doesn't change Logans perception of me. 

\---
###chapter 171
**Logan**

"What's up," I say, answering my phone. Megan hasn't rung me in a while. I was surprised she answered the phone earlier, especially to me. 

"Hi Logan," it's not Megan. It's her psychologist. 

"Is everything ok?" I ask a little worried. 

"Yes and no, I was hoping you'd be able to come to pick Megan up, I don't think she's in the correct mind frame to drive," 

"What do you mean?" I wipe my hair with the towel. I'd only just got out of the shower. "Is she ok?" 

"I can't discuss much over the phone, but, physically she is ok, mentally I'm not so sure," 

"Ok, I can pick her up, I just got out of the shower so give me about 15 minutes," 

"Ok, good, and Logan,"

"Yes,"

"She's fragile right now, so when you get here, don't push her," she warns. 

"Ok, I'll see you soon," I hang up. I dry myself and then get dressed in gym shorts and a t-shirt. Max looks up at me with his tail wagging excitedly. "We're not going for a walk," I state and that just makes him more excited, he jumps up at me with his tongue hanging out. I sigh. "Fine, you can come," 

Walking downstairs, I see Carl coming out of the living room. He frowns at me.

"Where are you going?" 

"For a drive," I answer and pick up my car keys. "Where's David?" I ask. 

"Kitchen," 

I walk towards the kitchen, and Max is sticking to me like glue. I don't know why he wants to go out again. We only got back from a run 15 minutes ago. After talking to Megan, I decided to take him out. 

"David," I call as I walk into the kitchen. He turns on his stool. "Can you come with me for a drive?" I ask. "Please?" I told Megan I wouldn't tell anyone she was at her session; I intend to keep my word for her. 

"Ok," he says frowning. 

"Are you really going for a drive or are you going to drop peanut butter on Jonathon's nuts and let Max at him?" Carl asks. 

"Say it louder I don't think Brett heard you," I snap. "And no," although that's a good idea, Max is trained to attack when told so minus peanut butter. "Please David?" I ask.

"Sure," David says.

\---

In the end, I had to tell David what we were doing, he doesn't usually ask questions, but when it comes to Megan, he seems to be more inquisitive. If I'm honest, I'm a little worried. Since we broke up, she's just been so different. 

Saturday I didn't see her, she had locked herself in her room all day. I know Lorraine checked on her, but that doesn't make me feel any better. I wondered if everything she found out had done more damage than good, and if that's the case, I don't know how I'd forgive myself. Would she have been better off not knowing?

I am standing in the waiting room; the receptionist already told Sara I arrived. The door to Sara's office opens; she walks down the hall and gives me a small smile. 

"Is she ok?" I ask. 

"Yeah, she's calmed down a little now," she says and motions for me to follow her to her office. "She's a little teary but ok," She opens her office door, and I walk in to see Megan sat on the couch. She looks at me and then away. I walk over and sit down next to her.

"Are you ok?" I ask. She nods although she's still not looking at me. I move my hand onto hers, I expect her to move her hand out of mine, but she doesn't. This is reminiscent of how she was six months ago in the hospital. I look at Sara to see her watching us. She sits in her chair. 

"I want Megan to get assessed for PTSD," she states.

"Ok," I state and then look at Megan as her hand tightens on mine. 

"She needs to get assessed, but in the meantime, she will need more sessions," Sara explains. "Three a week," she then turns to Megan. "Can I tell him what we discussed regarding where we are at?" she asks her. Megan nods. "If I feel she is becoming a danger to herself, I will have to put her under a section, she is trying to shut her emotions out, and it's not healthy for her," she explains. I look at Megan, I want to ask her what she means. "I can't force her to accept her feelings, no one can, only she can do it," she states, and I know she's saying that to make me understand I can't push her to tell me. 

"Ok," I say, while giving Megan's hand a small squeeze. She looks down at our hands, her thumb rubs against my hand before she lets go. 

"Can we go?" Megan asks. Sara nods, I stand, and so does Megan.

"I'll see you Wednesday, ok?" Sarah asks. Megan nods. 

We both walk out of her office. Megan signs the book and then walks out of the building. I turn to Sara. 

"Will she be ok?" I ask. 

"Hopefully, I might be wrong, I need a second opinion for this, but she will need to work on herself," Sara says. Tilting her head, she asks "How are you doing?" 

"I have my own shrink, thanks," I say with a small smile, and she laughs. 

"An honest question is all," she says with a smile. 

I say my goodbyes and walk out to see Megan stood by her car, waiting for me. She holds her car keys out to me once I get to her. 

"She said I'm not in the right mind frame to drive like I'm going to go drive off a cliff or something," she mutters and then Max runs past me to her. He jumps up onto her, knocking her into the car. She smiles and strokes behind his ears. This dog has the best worst timing ever. 

"Sorry," I hear David say. "He was scratching at the window to get to her," 

"It's fine," she says and kneels down to his height so that he's not putting all of his weight on her. "You're honestly the cutest dog," she coos, stroking him to the point he lays down onto his back so she can rub his belly. She then looks up, "Why are you here, David?"

"Someone needs to take his car back," David responds. She nods and opens the back door to let Max in. He jumps in and looks at us with his tongue hanging out. Megan laughs before getting into the passenger seat. David looks at me, "We'll talk later," he says and walks back to my car. 

I get in the car. Max has his head resting on the armrest between Megan and me. He looks at me then to Megan, I shake my head and start the car. 

"Why do you have my dog wrapped around your finger?" I ask. She looks at Max and strokes his head before shrugging and turning to look out the window. 

I reach forward to turn the radio on as the silence seems to be deafening. An old song comes through the speakers that make me tap along to the tune on the steering wheel. Nothing can make me understand what she's feeling right now. If I could comfort her, I would, but I don't think she would allow me to. I glance at her when we come to a red light. She's biting her nails on one hand while the other wipes the tear from her cheek. 

"Do you want to go for a coffee?" I ask. She shakes her head, "doughnuts?" She loves Krispy Kreme. She looks at me and shakes her head. "Ok, well I'm craving something sweet, so, I'll get some," I say and turn towards the nearest Krispy Kreme. She smiles, and it's like she is trying to hide it. 

"Ok," she mutters and looks back out the window. I smile to myself as I know she can never resist Krispy Kreme. 

Once I have the doughnuts, we set off back home. She looks to the back seat; I look up in the rearview mirror to see what she's looking at. Max is sitting staring at the boxes of doughnuts and salivating. 

"What did you do to him for him to not attack the doughnuts?" she asks and then looks at the box of three I had got just for her. 

"He's well trained; I got him a plain one, so he'll be happy when we get back," I explain. 

"Do you think I'm crazy?" she asks suddenly. 

"No, why?" 

"Well, I do," 

"You're not, what's the worst thing that could happen?" 

"Well, let's see; I'm going to be on medication for the rest of my life. They might as well stick me in the loony-bin with Jonathon," 

"In all honesty, Megan, PTSD is manageable, and you might not have it. She might think you have it because of how severely depressed you are," I explain and we stop at another traffic light. I look at her, "I want you to know that I didn't know you were in yesterday morning, I thought you had gone out," 

"It's fine," she snaps and looks away from me. "I just wished you had told me you had a girlfriend rather than me finding out like that," I frown at what she's saying. 

"She isn't my girlfriend," I say shocked. She looks at me and frowns. "I'm serious, she's a friend, I've known her for a while, but she isn't my girlfriend," I explain. "Wait, is that why you were so angry?" I ask. She shrugs, and I take that as a yes. I sigh and look back at the lights to see them turn green. 

We drive back in silence; the only sound is from the radio and Max whimpering every now and then at the doughnuts.
###chapter 172
**Logan**

When we got back, she went straight to her room. Max followed her the moment he finished his doughnut. I'm sat in the living room trying to relax when Carl walks in. He frowns at me; I; I have a feeling he's not happy with me. 

"What have I done now?" I ask. 

"You're smoking weed," it's my turn to frown now. 

"Yeah, and?" 

"Are you doing Coke again?" he asks. I cough up the drag I had just inhaled and look at him. 

"What?" 

"You're acting as you did before and well, Michelle, need I say more?" 

"So you think my girlfriend breaks up with me and the first thing I'm doing is drugs?" I ask. 

"You're not answering my question," 

"No, I'm not doing coke," I snap at him.

"What about anything else?" 

"Marijuana," he nods in response, "any more questions?" I ask. He shakes his head and sits down on the sofa next to me.

"Sorry,"

"Whatever?" I say and stand up. 

"Don't be like that," he says, looking up at me. I put my smoke out, walking out of the room. 

The truth is he's right, I have been using since England, my usage isn't as bad as it was the first time, but I've still relapsed. Every time I take a hit I tell myself it is the last time, I don't think it's terrible though. I can go days without anything, so I wouldn't say I had a problem. 

Walking upstairs, I pass Megan's room to hear Max whimpering inside. I frown and open it to see she's having a nightmare. Max paces up and down her room before nudging her hand with his snout. The only light is coming from the moon outside her window, casting long dark shadows into the room.

Taking my t-shirt off, I climb into bed next to her and wrap my arms around her waist. Max sits, staring at me as I try to calm her down. Her body turns into my arms and slowly relaxes. I stroke up and down her back with one hand, the other I move through her hair.

"It's ok," I whisper and hold her as tight as I can. Max settles down and gets in the position to sleep on the floor. 

Megan relaxes, and so do I. It feels incredible to have her in my arms. If I hear her having a nightmare, I can't stop myself from coming in. I usually leave once she's settled, but with how she's laying right now, I don't think I could go without disturbing her.

It's times like this I wish I weren't leaving, I also wish I knew why she decided to break things off. She says one thing to me but does another. She could have gotten Sara to ring anyone else but me. She didn't. I was the one she wanted to know about her session. Why? When she acts as if she hates me. It frustrates me that I could work out her sick uncle but can't work her out at all. 

My thoughts are interrupted when I feel her hands move, and then her lips pressed to my neck. 

"Megan," I whisper. 

She moves to press her lips to mine, automatically I kiss her back. Her hands move up my chest, around my neck to pull me closer. I move on top of her and lift her to me. 

The last time we kissed she got angry, is this time going to be the same? The only difference is this time is that she has nowhere to run, as this is her room. That and she was the one to kiss me first this time. 

Megan bites my bottom lip, and it's the hottest thing. Since her, I can only get off by thinking of her. I'm rock hard right now, and she's the only woman to ever do that to me from a kiss. 

I move my hand up from her hip, underneath her pyjama top and graze my thumb over her pebbled nipple. My other hand I move to her pert bum, pressing her to my body and hell does her body feel good. She moans and moves her hands down my bare chest to the waistband of my shorts. 

Barking makes us both jump apart. I switch the lamp on to see Max with his front paws on the bed, and he's growling at me. I sigh before looking at Megan. She looks away from me and then gets off the bed. 

"I need the toilet," she mutters and walks into her bathroom, quietly shutting the door behind her. I glare at Max to see him move onto her bed and then lays down looking up at me. 

"I'm going to take you out back if you do that again," I threaten. He whimpers and then covers his snout with his paws. I sigh and stroke his head. "I'm sorry, you did the right thing," I say and sit on the edge of her bed waiting for her to come back out. She didn't seem annoyed; I'm half expecting her to come out and have a go at me. 

The bathroom doors open, she walks out and gets back into bed without saying a word. She gives Max a little pat on his back.

"Are you going to get back into bed or sit there for the rest of the night?" she asks. 

"Sorry," I say and get back into bed. I turn the lamp off and face the back of her head. So this response wasn't the one I expected. 

\---

**Three days later.** 

When I woke up Tuesday morning, Megan was gone. She hadn't said much to me since then, but she seems to be keeping herself busy. When she's not at school, she seems to spend her time in the gym training with David. Brett has asked me several times if I can talk to her for him, but I'm not sure what I can do for him. Yes, she's ignoring him, but I don't know why. Given what she had said that day in the gym, all that comes to mind is that she's angry with him, most likely because he never told her anything. If it were me, I'd feel abandoned by him. She probably feels like that.

The past few days she's stayed in, last night after her session she locked herself in the games room. Carl said she seemed to be honing her 'Call of Duty' skills. By the sound of the profanities coming from her, I agree with him. 

On the plus side, she also has had Sandra take her to and from school. 

Walking out of my classroom, I walk towards the office to go to the mid-week meeting, when I hear a commotion. 

"Don't walk away from me!" I hear someone snap. I look to see Tyler yelling at Megan. He has a hold of her arm. 

"Get off me," she snaps and tries to get out of his grasp. I notice others have stopped to look at them.

"Tell me where you were last night," 

"I have, I was at home, now get off," she snaps. I look around for Sandra, but she's nowhere to be seen. 

"Liar," he argues and pulls her towards him to then push her into the lockers, winding her. I move forward before I'm even realising. "Tell me the truth," 

"I won't tell you again, Tyler," she warns. He doesn't let go of her, and before I can get to her, she grabs hold of one of his fingers and bends it right back. I stop and watch as she breaks his finger, making him let go of her. She then pulls her fist back and punches him in the face. "I told you to let go," she says and then slams her locker door shut. "I was at home all day, just like I was for the last five days, so the rumours you're hearing are false," she clears up. "Just because I haven't slept with you for a while doesn't mean I'm sleeping with anyone else, I've slept with five people so leave me the fuck alone," she huffs.

Five people, I was told four by Sandra. 

Megan turns and looks at me. She looks like she wants to cry. Instead, she covers her upset with anger. Tyler walks after her and grabs her by her arm again. 

"What the fuck," he growls. She looks at him; he lifts his other hand as if he's going to hit her and I can't help but step in this time. I grab him and move him away from her. His focus is wholly on her, and it's a little worrying. I pin him up against the lockers with his arm behind his back. 

"Everyone to class now," I bellow, as the bell went throughout this altercation. Everyone quickly runs to get to their class. It's then I see Sandra walking over to us. I turn to Megan. "Except you," I snap. She nods and folds her arms as Sandra stands next to her. She asks her what's going on. I look to Tyler and then let go to then turn him around. "What's your problem?" I ask. "You were just about to hit her, do you want to explain that?"

"She hit me," 

"Because you wouldn't let go of her," 

"Of course you're going to take her side," 

This boy is so lucky that we're in a school right now. I'd be beating him to a pulp if I could.

"What's going on here?" I hear Mrs Kitson ask. I let go of Tyler and step away. 

"Nothing," Tyler says. 

"I heard a commotion, Tyler decided not to heed Megan's word, so she clocked him in the face which lead to him nearly hitting her, I stopped it," I explain. 

"I'd heard something along those lines," she says and looks at Megan. I do too to see she is using her hand to cover the bruising appearing on her arm."Megan, go to my office. Tyler, see the nurse. "I will review the footage on the security cameras," Megan nods and walks off towards her office with Sandra following. I look at Tyler and take him by his arm to the nurse. The principle follows me. 

"When did you get the camera installed?" I ask. 

"This weekend, they're only on a few hallways, mostly by the entrance and lockers," she explains. "I sent an email," she adds.
###chapter 173
**Logan**

Tyler ended up getting suspended. Megan got a warning for fighting, which didn't seem fair when she was just defending herself. From the buzz around the school, I don't think Tyler is coming back. By the sound of things, his dad is sending him to some sort of army school. I kind of believe it because I met his father when they came to collect him; he did not seem happy. He apologised to Megan for his son's behaviour. Megan didn't seem too fussed to be honest, which worries me a little. She should want him to be punished in some way for how he treated her. If I wasn't there and he'd hit her, what would she have done? Just allowed him to do it? 

The rest of the week was pretty uneventful. After Megan had put to bed most of the rumours about her, it looks like no one believes half the people that say they have slept with her. Seen as everyone knows she slept with Tyler and Melanie's brother the other people that had said they had, have ended up confessing they were either lying or never actually said they had slept with her and that people took it like that. Which is true because I know I did. 

I had also found out that Melanie isn't friends with Megan anymore, Yasmin and Julie were, but Melanie had fallen out with her. I had heard this from Melanie's mother. She told me in this week's session. I only started coming to sessions about two weeks ago, mostly because David makes me.

Walking out of Susan's office, I take note of what she had said about my anger towards Tyler. She explained it was good I refrained from pulling his head off his shoulders and shoving it up his arse. It may be good, but it doesn't feel like it.

Then the front door opens, Brendon and Megan walk in. He pulls her to him and kisses her but looks at me as he does it. This is the second time he's done this, and I've had enough. Two can play this game. 

"Susan," I say, turning to look at her. Megan pulls away from Brendan once she hears my voice. "I don't think I can continue coming to sessions, not when my files aren't safe here," I say. She frowns at me. 

"What do you mean? They're safe," 

"Well your son has read my file and decided to blackmail me with it, so I don't think they are," I explain and I see the colour drain from her face as she looks at Brendon. 

"What? Is this true Brendon?" she asks him. Megan looks at him and takes her hand from him. He looks at his mother than at Megan to me. 

"It's not," he lies. 

"Why would he say that then?" Megan asks. 

"I just, I, you were dating him, and I didn't trust him," 

"Oh my god," Susan says, and I see the tears in her eyes. "Do you have any idea what you could cost me," she shouts at him. She then turns to me. "I'm so sorry. I don't know what else to say, I," she looks lost for words. 

"I know it's not your fault; I just don't think it's wise for me to keep having sessions if they're here and if my history is all here too,"  

"I completely understand," she says, and she's shaking her head in disbelief. Her husband walks in from the living room. "Get out of my sight Brendon," 

"What's going on?" he asks.

"Get him out of my sight," she snaps.

"Mom, I'm sorry, I just," he then turns to Megan. She steps away from him.

"Why would you blackmail him?" she asks. Melanie then walks in through the front door.

"Hey all," she says and then glares at Megan. 

"I should leave," I say. Susan nods and apologises to me again. I glance at Brendon to see him glaring at me, and I can't help but give him a small smirk before I leave. I guess he thought I'd forgotten about that. 

Walking to my car, I hear the front door open and shut behind me and then Megan calls my name. I turn to look at her. 

"Can I come home with you?" she asks, "I don't really want to stay for the shouting that's going to happen in there," she states. I nod and watch her walk around my car. She's wearing different clothes to what she's been recently wearing. I don't think I've seen her wear a dress since the warehouse. She's wearing jeans and one of my t-shirts. I wonder if she knows it's mine. 

Getting into the car, I look at her. She gives me a small smile as she puts her seatbelt on. 

"I didn't know he did that," she says. 

"I know you didn't," 

"That's really annoyed me, he shouldn't have done it regardless of how he felt about you, boys are such dicks," she huffs, and I chuckle. "It's true, first Tyler and now Brendon," 

"How's your arm?" 

"Oh, it's good, I still can't believe he was going to hit me,"

"He would be dead right now if he had," I state and she looks at me. 

"I kind of figured when I saw you pin him to the lockers," 

"The nurse said you broke his nose," 

"Good, I should really thank David for training me so well," 

"Yeah, I think he trained you too well," We haven't spoken to each other about the fact I'm holding Jonathon captive, I'm not sure if she is choosing to act like she doesn't know, or if she is doing it to save face. "How are your sessions going?" I ask, knowing she had probably just got back from one.  

"Ok, Sara is treating me for PTSD, and my medication needs reviewing, she said that I should continue with the exercise as that will help me and to try and spend time on myself, whatever that means," 

"Are you ok with that?" she shrugs in response and looks out the window. "I don't know what I'm ok with anymore," she mutters. I notice the sad look on her face.
###chapter 174
**Logan**

**That night**

Carl hands me a beer, then turns to look out on the party at hand. He dragged me to this party; he said because I hadn't had sex for a week I had made him depressed. This party was not my idea of fun anymore, maybe a few years ago but not now. 

The girl stood next to me is too easy. She's been talking to me for the last ten minutes, and I'm bored already. 

"Ok, let me just be honest with you here," I say, turning to look at her. She tilts her head and twirls her dyed pink hair around her fingers. "This is going nowhere, if it is, it's probably going in a broom closet for a quickie, and I won't care if you finish," I truthfully tell her. Her jaw drops a little, and she goes to slap me. I stop her and tilt my head. "Would you rather I allowed this to continue, and then you end up with an itch you haven't had scratched?" I ask. She pulls her hand out of mine and storms off. 

"You're such a Debbie downer," Carl huffs. "She was hot,"

"You go for it," I say.

"You would have gotten her off," he states. 

"Not purposefully," I say and down my bottle of beer. "I need some air," I walk out of the kitchen to the garden. The pool is full of people, and there are people dotted about. I sit on the steps of the porch and take a joint out of my jeans pocket. 

\-*-

Walking back into the house, Carl pretty much knocks me out when he walks into me. He takes my arms and turns me around. He looks around before looking me in the eyes. 

"Don't be angry," I frown, "wait, you're stoned, you're not gonna get angry, Megan is here," he blurts out. 

"Ok,"

"With Courtney and her sister,"

"Right," 

"And she's drunk,"

"Ok,"

"And got some guy attached to her,"

"What?" I ask and look around. "Where?" 

"In the living room," 

I make my way to the living room. I don't know why I intend to see this for myself, maybe to drill it into myself that she is moving along and I should do the same. Walking into the living room, I see her. She's stood against a wall talking to some guy, or more listening. She doesn't look like she's enjoying herself. She looks just as bored as I did earlier. Looking around, I see Courtney and her sister getting drinks from the table. 

"She came with them?" I ask Carl.

"Yeah, I saw them walk in together," he says and tilts his head. "What's Courtney's sister like in bed?" he asks. I look at him, "What? I can't screw Courtney, not yet anyway," he adds. 

"I need another smoke," I say and walk back out. 

\---

Drying my hands on a towel, I hear the bedroom door open. I needed a piss and didn't want to wait in the queues, so I sneaked into a bedroom. I've been here for a few hours now, and I'm bored. Megan had noticed me but seemed to act like she hadn't. I saw her watching me when some girl came up to talk to me. That and I overheard Courtney tell her I was here. 

"Megan you have to go home," 

"Why?" I hear her snap. I sneak a look to see it's Carl who is talking to her. She looks so hot tonight. She's wearing a short, skintight emerald green dress that ties at the back. I don't think it's hers. I've never seen it in her closet. 

"Because Logan is here too, it's not ideal for you both to be here, if he sees you hook up with someone or if you see him," 

"What difference does it make?" she asks, cutting him off. "I've already seen him with someone," 

"Please, Megan, do you even want to be here?" he asks. 

"Why do you care so much? You didn't care last week," she snaps. I frown and move so that they can't see me. 

"That's different," 

"How so?

"It just is,"

"What? So it's ok for me to screw you but no one else?" she growls, causing me to frown. "You're just like every .." she gets cut off. I look to see he's kissing her. She pushes him away from her. "What are you doing?" 

"Shutting you up," he shrugs. I move so they can't see me again. So they slept together and by the sound of things recently. "You need to tell him how you feel," 

"Everyone keeps saying that but I don't, I need people to leave me alone," 

"He leaves very soon and then what will happen?" he asks. "Are you going to keep being like this?" 

"Like what?" she asks. I hear movement, and then the bed moves. "He's already decided to leave; there's nothing I can do about that," 

"You can go with him," he states. 

"No, I can't, I may not regret sleeping with you, but I know it wasn't the correct thing to do. I wouldn't forgive him if he slept with my best friend. I can't expect him to do the same," 

"He won't know," 

"I will, and I can't keep something like that from him," 

"I get that," Carl sighs. "Logan is more understanding than you think, he'll probably be angry with me, not you," 

"I screwed up," she says. 

I'm not sure how I feel about any of this. We're not together. She can be with whoever she wants to be with, why is she beating herself up so much about it. 

"Sara said I did it because I wanted to hurt him for hurting me,"

"You used me," Carl says in fake shock. She giggles. 

"I guess so," 

"I feel so cheap," 

"Are you telling me you don't use a girl for sex all the time, and it isn't like I knew at the time I was using you,"

"Yeah, you're right, you look hot by the way," he says. This man's mind is always on sex; it's as if he walks around with a constant boner. 

"Thanks, the dress isn't mine, I didn't even want to come, but Courtney talked me into coming, she didn't want to go with just her sister, where's Logan now?" 

"I'm not sure, probably outside getting high, that's all he's done all night, I think he's pissed off with me," 

"Why?" 

"I made him come, he's been down a lot lately, and I thought it would cheer him up a little," 

"You thought him being surrounded by drugs and alcohol would cheer him up?" she asks as if he's stupid. 

"Yeah I didn't think about that part, I just know most of the girls here are an easy lay, I thought if he got a blow job or something he'd cheer up," 

"Nice Carl," 

"What? It cheers me up," he says casually. She laughs, and it's a genuine laugh. 

"Carl you are one of a kind, you always make me laugh," 

"I don't even mean to," he says, and she laughs again. 

"I should go back out, Courtney will think I've left her, I'm going to see if I can get her to leave," she says. "I'll see you down there," she adds, and then I hear her leave. 

I stand at the doorway. Carl has his back to me with his phone in his hand. My phone vibrates in my pocket. Clearing my throat, I make him jump, he turns, and his eyes go wide. 

"Hey," he says and gives me a nervous smile. 

"You had sex with her?" he gulps in response. "When?" 

"Saturday," 

"Good to know how great of a friend you are," 

"It wasn't planned," 

"I think it's best if we don't talk for a while," I say and move to walk out of the room. 

"Logan," 

"Don't tell me that it wasn't planned, she wasn't in the best of moods that day, she was angry at me, you knew what you were doing," I snap and walk out.
###chapter 175
**Megan**

My body feels numb, Courtney has pretty much shoved as much alcohol as she possibly can down me. Chloe is just as drunk as Courtney. I try to get up from the sofa I'm seated on, but I fail. Closing my eyes and leaning my head back, the room feels like it's spinning. I open my eyes and try to focus before I throw up. 

Finally getting myself out of the sofa, I go in search of Courtney. I want to go home. Staggering into the kitchen, I see her sitting on some guy's lap, and she looks like she could pass out at any minute. I frown and look around to see Chloe is in the same predicament. I sober up a little over the danger they've both put themselves in. 

I walk over and take Courtney from the guy. He frowns at me and stands up towering over me. 

"Courtney, we're going home," I say to her. She nods a little and leans on to me.

"I don't feel too good," she slurs at me. 

"What the fuck," the guy says as he squares up to me. I stagger back a little and look at Chloe. I'm not sure how I'm going to get both of them out of here on my own. 

"Look, we're leaving," I snap. I wish I hadn't snuck out of the house now. 

"She doesn't want to leave," he says and takes her from me. Courtney pushes his hands from her and tries to come to me. 

The music suddenly stops, and Logan walks over to us. He takes Courtney from the guy and punches him. My eyes widen as the guy is flat out on the floor. He then looks at Chloe. The guy holding her takes his hands from her and holds them up in surrender. He picks Chloe up, and I take Courtney. 

I follow Logan out of the house. Once outside, I hear the music turn back on. 

"Thanks," I say to Logan. He nods and walks towards a car. 

He puts Chloe into the front seat and then helps me get Courtney into the back seat. Closing the door, I get in on the other side, and Logan gets in next to me so that I'm sitting between him and Courtney. It's then I notice David at the wheel. He gives me a small smile before starting the car. 

"What the hell are you doing here? Megan," Logan asks after a couple of minutes driving. I open my eyes and look at him to see he's very stoned right now. 

"Courtney wanted me to come," 

"Yeah and look what fucking happened, you're hammered," I sigh and close my eyes again, and I can feel the world spinning. Suddenly nausea runs through my body. 

"I'm gonna throw up," I say. The car comes to a stop, Logan gets out and pulls me out with him. I get to the closest bush and throw up the contents of my stomach. Logan holds my hair back; I thank him in between heaving my guts out. 

Once I stop dry heaving, he helps me back to the car. 

"See," he snaps. 

"Just take me home," I say and lay my head on Courtney's shoulder. She doesn't stir, which makes me think she's either really drunk or her drink has been spiked. I sit up and check on her to see she's breathing. "Is she going to be ok?" I ask either one of them. 

"It looks like they've passed out," Logan states. 

"I can see that," I snap at him. 

"Really, you do? Do you also see this could have been you right now?" he argues. 

"Shut up," I then turn to David, "David, will they be ok?"

"Yeah, don't worry about them, I'll make sure they're ok," he says.

The drive back is silent. Logan is sitting next to me, stewing in his own anger, and I'm pretty sure I fell asleep at one point. Logan and David had taken both Chloe and Courtney up to a guest bedroom, leaving me in the kitchen. I make myself a glass of water. I quickly rinse my mouth out and then fill my glass up again to down the contents. 

I feel like crap. Can you get a hangover while drunk?

"Are you feeling any better?" David asks me. I look up from laying my head on the counter to him. 

"No," I say and reach for my glass again. 

"You should go to bed," he says. I nod in agreement, but I don't move from my spot on my stool. "C'mon," he says and helps me off the chair. "How you got yourself in this state is beyond me," 

"Don't act like you have never been drunk, David," I slur and hiccup as he lifts my feet off the ground and carries me upstairs. "I bet you're a fun drunk," I say, wrapping my arms around his neck and laying my head on his shoulder. "Where's Logan?" I ask. 

"I don't know," 

"Probably screwing Chloe," I mutter. He sighs as he carries me upstairs. "I hate this," and I feel myself start to get upset. 

"So do I," he says, "I'll beat him up for you," 

"No don't," 

He gets me in my room and then lays me on my bed. 

"Was it this hard when you fell in love with Lorraine?" I get comfy, but I find it difficult as it still feels like the room is spinning. 

"Love isn't hard, my dear. It's easy once you accept it," 

"He probably hates me now," I say sitting up and wiping my eyes. 

"Far from it, you've both made mistakes, luckily for you both, you're young enough to make them and fix them," he explains. 

"I need to brush my teeth," I say and nearly fall out of bed when I get up. He chuckles at me, making me scowl at him. 

"I can go to bed now that you're home," he says and gets up. "Also that dress is way too revealing," 

"Ugh, I know," I agree and walk into my bathroom to brush my teeth. 

Once I've brushed my teeth I notice I have no water up here, I have a feeling my mouth is going to be dry as sandpaper in the morning. Slowly I make my way back downstairs. I had to stop a couple of times because I'm pretty sure the stairs were moving. 

Staggering into the kitchen, I feel a sense of relief for making it here unscathed. Logan is sat at the island counter with a drink in his hand. He looks up from his phone at me.

"I'm here for water," I say, pointing to the sink. 

"Your friends are ok by the way," he says.

"Thanks, I thought you'd be screwing Chloe," I mutter as I fill a glass up with water. 

"What's your problem?" he snaps.

"I was just saying," I say and drink half of my water. 

"I'm not you, I don't screw your friends," I choke on the water, what do I even say to that? "What have I done to you?" he asks. I place my glass on the side and look at him. 

"Can we talk about this in the morning?" I ask and move to walk out of the kitchen. He follows me.

"No tell me what I've done," he says and grabs me by my arm. "It's like you're on a mission to show me how much you hate me."

"I don't hate you, Logan," I say, and he lets go of me. 

"You have a funny way of showing that, because you're doing everything in your power to hurt me," 

"What does it matter? You're leaving, so don't tell me I'm hurting you," I snap and walk away from him. 

"I'm leaving because of you," 

"No, you're leaving because you want to," I say. "Since we broke up all you have done is do what you want," 

"You broke up with me, what did you expect me to do? You gave me no real reason. I thought we were good, and you just drop this bomb and walk away with no care in the world. I did nothing but love you,"

"Exactly," I shout and push him away from me. "I didn't ask you to love me, I didn't ask to be in love with you, I don't want any of this, and yet you still made me do it, and I hate you for it," I cry.

"You love me?" he asks and steps towards me. I wipe my eyes and look away from him. 

"Wipe that smirk off your face," I snap and walk away from him. He takes me by my hand and pulls me to him. 

"Say it again," he says and makes me look up at him.

"Logan," I softly whisper. 

"I love you, Megan," he says. I close my eyes, letting my tears fall. His lips softly graze mine. "It's ok to say it," I shake my head.

"So you can use it against me," I know full well he wouldn't, it's just my stupid fear. 

"Never," 

"Everyone I have loved hurts me in some way," I say. He kisses my forehead and then kisses me on the lips. 

"You are amazingly stubborn," he says against my lips. "I love you; if I hurt you I'll hurt myself first," 

"I love you too," I mutter. He smiles and presses his lips to mine. He picks me up, making me wrap my legs around his waist. Logan carries me up the stairs to my room.
###chapter 176
**Megan**

I unbuckle his jeans as we enter. Sitting me on my dresser, his hands cup my face as he looks at me. He has the bluest eyes that see right down to my soul. It makes me wonder if he knew how I felt before I did, but the look on his face when I said those three words tell me he didn't. 

Kissing down my neck, I feel his hand move under the skirt of my dress. I pull on his t-shirt, I don't want foreplay, I want him inside of me. No one knows my body like he does. He takes his t-shirt off while I unzip his jeans.

"Logan," I moan as he snaps the straps of my dress, making the top half pool around my waist, revealing my braless torso. Pulling him closer to me, I feel his large erection press against my covered core. 

His hands move down to my thighs, he lifts one of my legs and pulls me closer to him. I wrap my arms around his neck.

"Megan, I need to be inside you," he says in my ear as he thrusts against my core. 

"Yes," is all I can say because I need him too. Moving my panties to the side, I feel the tip of his cock move along my slit, and then he's inside me in one hard thrust. 

"Fuck," he groans, expressing the word that came to my mind at the feel of him. He pulls out and then thrust harder, making me moan. 

"Oh, god," I pant. 

"Fuck, you feel good," his thrusts become quicker and harder, I can feel my orgasm building. He leans back a little and looks down at our joining. Moving my hands from holding onto my vanity mirror, I caress down his chest, and then up to his neck. He looks up at me, "Tell me again," he says. 

"I love you," with each word he moves into me hitting the right spot. My orgasm flows through me, making my walls tighten around his cock. Drawing him to his climax. 

Logan presses his lips to mine.

"I love you too," 

After catching our breath, he steps away from me and pulls on my dress and panties, pulling them both off at the same time. I stand in front of him; he tilts his head as he looks at the red outline of a heart tattoo on my hip. He strokes it and then looks at me. 

"When did you get this?" 

"Two weeks after we broke up, I was drunk, could have gotten something a lot worse," I say, and he chuckles. 

"Yes you could have, I like it," he says and crouches down to move his arms around my thighs to lift me, to then drop me on my bed. He looks down at me, and he honestly makes me feel like I'm the sexiest woman on the planet. 

I watch him push his jeans down his legs, displaying his beautiful naked body. His penis is rock hard already, and I want to pleasure him. 

Moving forward, I crawl towards him. He watches me through lustful eyes. Seeing him looking at me like that in all of his nakedness turns me on even more.

I look up at him as I lick up his length. He bites his bottom lip and watches as I tease his tip with my tongue. Taking him in my hand, I guide him into my mouth. He takes in a shaky breath as I take him as far as I can. Slowly I pull back, hollowing my cheeks in the process. His hand moves through my hair as I repeat the process, quickening my pace. 

Pulling back, I lick down his shaft to his balls. I give each one a little lick and suck the skin of each before licking up to his tip. A small bead of liquid comes to the surface. I twirl my tongue over the end of his cock, tasting the saltiness. 

"Megan,"

I look up at him as I move my hand up and down his length, his balls feel hot to the touch, and I know he's close. 

"I'm close," he says to me and hearing the pleasure in his voice makes me wet. I honestly enjoy pleasuring him. It gets me off knowing I do this to him. That he's going to come because of me, he usually stops me because he wants to pleasure me as he comes but this time he doesn't. 

I pull away from him and lay back on the bed. He looks down at me and raises an eyebrow as a small smirk plays on his delicious lips. 

"My turn," he says and grabs my legs to pull me to the edge of the bed. His head is buried between my legs before I can even think about what he just said. I moan as his hot mouth sucks on my clit. His fingers move inside of me; I move my hand onto my mouth to stifle my moans. He pulls away and looks at me. 

"No one will hear," he says as he moves his fingers in and out of me and uses his thumb to circle my clit. I try to calm my body before I speak. 

"Brett will," is all I can manage before I moan. 

"He's out, he said he was going to Vegas with some friends," he explains. 

"Oh," is all I say. 

"I've got a gag if you're disappointed," my eyes widen a little and notice he's smirking at me and that isn't a joke. "Or would you prefer a blindfold," 

"I'm good for now," I say, and I know I'm blushing. He chuckles. 

"Or handcuffs?" and now I know he's saying it directly to embarrass me. "I think having you handcuffed and blindfolded would be the hottest thing I've ever laid my eyes on," 

"I think I'd prefer the idea of you being handcuffed and blindfolded," I retaliate, and he tilts his head. 

"Is that a promise?" he asks. I giggle and stroke up and down my leg. 

"Only if you're promising," I counter. 

He chuckles and kisses down the inside of my thigh. The truth is, I wouldn't mind exploring my sexuality a little more. I've heard of BDSM, and I know what it consists of. Some of it scares me; I know there are some things I definitely don't want to try. It makes me wonder what he likes. 

I wasn't lying to Courtney when I said that Logan is an expert in oral. If I compare him to the other people I've slept with, there's no contest in all aspects. 

Running my hand through his hair, I feel my body tingle as the pleasure builds from my core throughout my body. I pull on his hair when I reach my climax, as his tongue twirls my clit and his fingers pump into me. 

"Oh fuck, Logan," I scream. I feel my body rise and fall as the after affects buzz through me. 

He takes my hand from his hair and slowly pushes my legs open to kiss up my body. I feel him nibble at my tattoo before making his way up my body, stopping to pay attention to my breasts. 

Lifting my body, he moves me up the bed and slowly pushes his penis into my core. I open my eyes and moan as his thick cock stretches me. 

"You seem to have the stamina of a horse," I say between kisses. 

"You do this to me," he says and then pulls back and looks down at me. I whimper at the loss of him inside me. "You make me horny," I shake my head at him. "Let's try a different position," he says and moves me onto my stomach. "If you don't like it say so," he tells me.

"I don't think I can dislike any position with you," I state and feel him lift my hips, it's then I realise what he wants to try. I've done this position once, and I didn't like it, for some reason I had some flashbacks. 

Getting on all fours, I feel his hands on my bum. He moves both of my hands onto my headboard and then strokes down my back. His cock pushes into me slowly.

"Relax," he says. I hadn't realised I'd tensed up. 

"Sorry," I whisper.

"Don't be, if you're not comfortable we can stop," he says, making me smile a little. He's so sweet to me even after everything. 

"It's ok, I am," 

He starts to thrust into me slowly at first. This feels so much deeper, with how big he is, I didn't think he could get any deeper, but I guess I was wrong. The pleasure builds faster this time, making me push back onto him to make him go faster. He does. He moves his hands to the front of my body, caressing my breasts and squeezing my nipples. 

Looking behind me, I see him watching himself, he looks up, and he smiles as if I had caught him doing something he shouldn't. I giggle and feel one hand move down to my core; he circles my clit with his fingers. He moves his other hand up to my throat and then leans in and kisses me; his tongue pushes into my mouth. 

"Harder, Logan, please," I breathe. 

"You sure?" 

"Yes," and it comes out as more of a moan. He does as I ask. My body feels like it's on fire as my orgasm overcomes me. He continues his pace, and the feel of him heightens inside of me. "Yes, Logan, oh god, I'm gonna come," he moves faster and harder. 

I orgasm like in England, he thrusts one more time, and I feel his climax. He presses his head on my shoulder and pulls me onto him as he moves back. I move my hand behind me to his hair as I try my best to get my breath back. 

"We should get a shower," I say between breaths. 

"Yeah, just give me a minute," I smile and feel him kiss the nape of my neck, "together?" he asks.

"If you want," 

"If we do what I want, we won't be leaving this bedroom for the rest of the year," he states. "Especially not after that, I love it when you come like that," I feel myself blush and shakily get myself off him. 

"It only happens with you," I confess as I stand at the side of the bed. He looks at me and frowns. 

"Are you serious?" he asks. 

"Yeah," 

"I think my ego has just grown," I laugh and stagger into the bathroom. My walking wasn't great before we had sex; my legs are like jelly now.