
###chapter One
********
Princess Volencia would surrender her crown to save her people—until a stranger with a possessed sword shatters her fate. To break an ancient curse, they must unravel a prophecy binding gods and traitors, where love may be the ultimate sacrifice.
********

The day was warm. The height of summer upon the rolling green hills where Thambair flourished over the last centuries. A beautiful, perfect day of clear skies and sunshine. The kind of day minstrels sing of, as the world blossoms into a fresh new start. Today was a day of destiny. A day her kingdom would never forget. The worst day of Volencia's short pathetic rule. Today she would lose her kingdom to the Council, and those who were in the Council would start the lineage of the Empirical rule they'd been seeking all these years.  

Kumaris, the large red sun, was just peeking over the mountains stretched to the east. Green rolling hills stretched for miles, awaking with the rising sun. The world was coming to life, though her life was ending. Her mother had died to save her and the kingdom. To give them hope. But it was a fragile thing and had withered as Volencia looked for a way out. Searching endlessly for an answer to lead her kingdom away from this Empirical Rule. There was no way out, and her time to find one diminished. 

Volencia herself knew very little of politics in general. Her mother had died years ago protecting her and her folk. Her father was worse than dead. His mind and magic separated by bindings driving him into maddening silence. He couldn't speak, couldn't use his magic, and was forced to watch his daughter slip into hopelessness as they came for her again. This time, she had no recourse. No power of her own to stop them and once they married her off, her kingdom would be the last puzzle piece to secure all the realms to the Empire. The kingdom would be under their control and her with it. 

Their goal? To take away the magical rights of anyone who would oppose them. It would become a world order that anyone who wished to study magic, would have to apply at the Magic Academy of Lalolia. An Academy that was currently under her rule, run by her Uncle Charlabisis, the Arch Mage, and her Aunt Toakencia, the Arch Deaconess of Rhelia. Once removed from the power the Academy provided them, they would be deemed traitors, and put to death. One of the Empire's own entitled, power-hungry goons would be placed in the Academy. The way their world, Rhelia, learned magic would never be the same again. No more apprenticeships, no more freedom to learn what you wanted. It would be replaced by an approval system, and anyone who wielded magic or tried to learn it outside that system, would be treated as traitors to the Empire. The sentence for this transgression would be death. Under this rule, entire towns and cultures would be at risk of treason. More folk for the Empire to erase, as they had erased the city of Claglion, in the War of the Magi. The attack that had forced her parents, and so Thambair, into the rebellion to fight against the Council, as they realized what the Empire's true motives were. 

The Empire also believed that women should not have power. Female rulers would become a thing of the past. Her rights, along with all women's rights, would be abolished. Treated no better than herd animals. Destined to be the property of the men that owned them. They were, according to the ideology of the Empire, too weak and emotional to think for themselves. Destined to turmoil of the heart and unable to make proper decisions for the good of others, because they can only or will primarily, make decision based on their families or selves. Therefore, it was better to remove them from the equation once and for all according to their ideology. 

Volencia knew very little magic because of these goals, already set in motion in so many ways. They had removed her main resources long ago. Her largest problem was that she had no idea how to control her magic. She could try to use it, but, in the end, it always got away with her. The more she tried to use, the more she lost control; it was too much too soon, and without a tutor, how could she learn? She was more likely to take down a portion of her city and wreak havoc on her folk than be any good against the Council. It broke her heart. That was why she had resigned herself to them. The shield that her mother provided the kingdom would fall. When it did, it would be her realm against all others. If they fought, they would die. The cost was too high. The chances too low. Instead, she would sell herself to them for the price of mercy on her subjects. And the folk would hate her for it. She just couldn't see another way. Any rebellion they had while her mother was alive and her father functional had long since died. Their allies in the past were forced to join the Empire already. 

Closing her eyes, Volencia breathed deeply of the air. One last day of freedom. One last moment before chaos. Her breakfast sat discarded on a table in her room. She looked at it, wishing she had an appetite. The fruit tarts on her tray were her favorite. Taking a seat, she poured a glass of tea, and tried a small bite, but it didn't settle so she gave in to her wiry stomach and left her room. She wanted to find her father. She didn't think they would kill him, but she didn't believe she'd be allowed to see him again. He would likely be forced to watch from afar, as everything he built through the years crumbled. This was her last chance to say goodbye. She hadn't heard the words 'I love you' since the night the Council destroyed his mind, but there was no reason she couldn't allow him to hear those words before she was forced to give up everything. 

The walk to his study was long and quiet. Though the folk watched as she went by, the castle was as silent as a tomb. They all knew what was coming. They just didn't know what she was going to do. Volencia swallowed hard as eyes followed her. Soon, everyone would be caught, and become part of an Empire her parents had fought and died to avoid. All she could think of was what a coward she would look like when she gave herself to them. Signing not only her own future over, but theirs too. How many would assume it was for herself that she did so? Volencia stopped in the middle of the entry way, pinching her nose, as she tried to come to terms with what she would do. A dizzy spell slammed her, and she felt her body sway dangerously. 

Leaning against the cold blue marble, she took several deep and shakey breaths. Her chest was tight, and it felt like she couldn't get enough air. Tears rolled down her cheeks and anyone walking through the halls avertaed their gazes, hurrying away. Though the castle was filled with folk, she was tryuly and utterly alone. Covering her face, her knees gave way and the wall slid cooly against her back until she could fall no further. Wrapping her arms around her knees she buried her face in the silky fabric of her skirts. 

It took her time, but she pulled herself together and continued to her father's, KingVenron's, study. She wished she knew more about what they would do. She didn't really have her father right now anyway, though she feared losing him permanently.  

She knocked gently on the door. "Princess." Gregron, her father's general, answered the door dressed in his uniform. Ice blue and white accents over a navy suit. He was a well decorated soldier with a broad scar cross his cheek where he nearly lost an eye protecting the outskirts of her kingdom when forces tried to take her lands. No one seriously brought war down on them, but only because there was no point in devistating the lands when all they had to do was wait. Gregron opened the door for her, "Come in."

Her father's ice blue eyes stared at her. His face stoic and unchanging as ever. He wore the robes of a king. They were the same ice blue as his eyes, patterned with small white-silver decorations at the bottom. The only remnants to speak of the powerful mage he once was, were the black bands along his flowing sleeves. Seven to each arm. The black bands told he had once completed the seven layers of training required to be a Master of Black Magic. Each band spoke of the steps he'd taken in his training. Once upon a time he'd been a force to be reckoned with, but that was a lifetime ago. The only thing to change in him since that night were the white streaks that now distinguished his black hair, which was now kept short. 

Volencia went to him, sitting at his knee and cried into his lap like she had a thousand times before. He said nothing. Did nothing. Like every time before. Only sat still, allowing her to soak his robes. "I'm sorry." She hiccuped, "I failed you and mother. I failed our folk. I have no way out of this, and no more answers now than I did the day mother died. I read every book in the castle and found nothing to save us. I cannot be the hero mother thought I could be. I'm so sorry."

"We're ready to disband the troops and protect you. Say the word and I'll have the entire Kingdom at arms, ready to fight." Gregron said, standing behind her father as if they were in a proper meeting with guests. Like always, he was prim, proper, and as unsmiling as her father. 

"No." She wiped her eyes. "I cannot wage war against the whole world. It might work today, but then they'll come back and destroy us. I don't have a plan to stop this. I can't fight, and I can't use magic. My only option is to give up the kingdom. To willingly go, and marry that scoundrel, and beg them to be lenient on my folk." Standing, she shook out her skirts, wiping at the crusty residue of tears on her cheeks. 

Gregron frowned. "We will fight anyway. Even just a little time could make a world of difference on how this goes for the kingdom and the folk in it. I've seen the smallest actions make the biggest ripples. All we need is someone to throw the first stone."

Volencia embraced her father, whispering, "I love you." In his ear. Likely for the last time. She put her arms around Gregron's waist and hugged him too. "I'm sorry. I just don't have any hope left."

###chapter Two
Leaving the castle, Volencia went to the gardens. It was the height of summer, and the flowers were in bloom. The air was fragrant and sweet. Her hand touched a lovely red rose. Her mother had been the whole bush. Beautiful and dangerous. Volencia plucked a petal, squishing it until it was just a clump in her fingers then held the ball in her hand. "A bush traded for a petal. You would have known what to do. You should have just let them have me so that you could do this. I'll never be close to what you were. At least you would have known how to protect our folk. You were the hero they needed. Not me. You were wrong." Dropping the mashed petal, she looked toward the cemetery.

It was the last day she would have here, free of their rules and laws. She decided she would make the best of it. She chose to visit her mother's oblisk, it was a beautiful white marble with light blue veins running through. But she had never felt her mother's presence in this place. So, she spoke a few words, letting her fingers trace the carved words there. Beloved Queen. Beloved Wife & Mother. Loved by All. 

	Leaving the cemetery, she thought of happier times. Roses bloomed over the headstones. Always her mother's favorite flower. She imagined her mother walking by, touching each stone. "Our ancestors. It's interesting to see how far they reach back." She walked, letting her fingers glide over the mossy headstones. "If you ask them, I do believe they will try to come to your aid." But she knew the dead would not rise to save them. She'd been reduced to such whimsical hopes already. The dead never answered.  

	Surprising herself, her feet were carrying her off the castle grounds, heading toward the city. She hadn't done that since her mother died. It would be a good way to spend her last hours as Princess of Thambair. Seeing her folk firsthand. The gates that lead from the castle to the city were large and open all day and night. It had been so long since anyone who opposed them could try to enter. The guards' eyes followed her as she went through the wide arch, following the cobblestone path. Gregron, Captain of the guard and General of the Army, would know within minutes about her departure. The arch itself was thirty feet, and the doors were enormous, made of thick slabs of wood and ornately adorned with brass regularly polished to keep it from greening. 

	The city wasn't far, the square butt up against the wall the castle, near enough to the castle that she could make out that someone was standing on the balcony of her father's study, looking down at the square. She guessed by wind-blown black hair, it was her father, King Venron. Merchant stalls, and tall buildings arched in a horseshoe shape. A large fountain where Ephira stood tall, hair frozen in the wind and surrounded by a number of the animals she was credited with creating surrounding her. One hand reached into the air, where her fingers grazed the extended wing of an owl, around her feet, fish of stone looked like they were diving in and out of the water. Deer, chiropi, and unicorns crowded around her. Most of it was open. Folk gathered around the fountain or met here to sit on the benches or in front of the few restaurants in the half circle. There was also an Inn, and a popular apothecary, and tavern. A little group of beautiful women were huddled around the tailor and seamstress's shop, holding swatches of fabric up to each other. Volencia wondered if whatever event they were planning would actually be able to take place? 

Entering the square, she felt vulnerable. Like people would know she didn't belong. No one seemed to notice her at all. They too were all well adorned, so she didn't stick out as she had assumed she would. These establishments catered to folk with means, so most everyone visiting the area had money. The majority of the folk that passed her by were either elves or humans, but the occasional band of dwarves passed, speaking in a language she didn't understand. 

	It was painful how normal the world seemed. The precipice she teetered on was going to swallow her whole, and yet, everyone around her was just going about their normal day-to-day life. 

	She sat on the lip of the fountain for a while, just watching folk pass by. A young elf took a seat not too far from her. Watching him from the corner of her eye, he seemed excited, as if seeing it all for the first time. He was much larger than other elves, standing nearly a head taller than anyone else in the square. His hair was long enough to reach the top of his shoulders, the color of chestnuts, and his ears nearly twice as long as a normal elfs. Their eyes met. His were shining emeralds, a wide lazy smile made him look approachable and friendly. Volencia looked away blushing as she realized she was staring at him. He was very handsome. She knew she'd never met him before, yet he seemed familiar somehow.

	"Excuse me? I'm new to the area. You wouldn't be able to point me toward a place where I could peruse some books, like a library or bookstore, could you?" Volencia heart danced a jig in her chest. His voice was deep and rich, its ring as attractive as he looked.  She also noticed, strangely, that he looked like a younger version of Gregron, who had always stuck out like a broken tooth. Hailing from a faraway land he hated to talk about. Maybe that was why he seemed so familiar?

	"I'm sorry," she had to hold her hands to keep them from shaking as he advanced closer. "I don't know the city well enough to guide you." 

	"I take it you're not from around here either then, huh?" A dimple showed on his right cheek. As his smile widened, it became crooked. Making him look even more charming. 

	She didn't know what to say. "Well" she blushed, shrugging. What would he think if she told him she was the Princess of the realm, living here since the day she was born and didn't know her own city? 

"Hey, no worries. I get it. Just know, you're not alone." He winked. 

Volencia closed her eyes, pressing at her powder blue skirts, "You really don't want to be caught talking to me." Her throat threatened to close on her, and the words came out as a whisper. 

The elf watched her for a long moment, his smile fading just enough that the dimple disappeared. "If you'd prefer to be alone, you can say so. On the off chance that's not your preference, may I ask why?" 

When she looked back up at him, his green eyes held no malice. Just simple curiosity. She bit her lip, something about his presence made her feel better. She offered him a sad smile. "You just shouldn't. And I don't mean to be rude, but I came out here to think and would prefer not to talk about it." Shuffling her skirts around, she looked away, feeling badly. It had been a long time since she had a simple friendly conversation. 

###chapter Three
"Alright. I'll be around if you change your mind. My name is Damion." His smile was reassuring, and she wondered if the small bow he gave hinted that he had an idea of who she was, or if he was just being polite? Lowering himself to the cobblestones, he leaned against the side of the fountain, pulled a leather-bound book from his satchel and settled into reading. His long legs stretched before him, crossed at the ankles. Though he looked relaxed, his posture remained straight and tall. 

Volencia watched him, wondering what he was waiting for. She tried to focus on what she would say to the Council when they came to the city, but her mind kept wandering back to him. He wasn't dressed like anyone else. His clothes were fresh and clean, even looked well-made and relatively new. His collar and cuffs were lined with fur, which was generally expensive, but the material of his shirt looked like it may have been hand woven, which was unusual. His tunic was not full, or button down, as was normal fashion, but a wrapped tunic. The style was much more traditional, and something regular folk hadn't worn in years now. Not that it took away his charm. When women passed them by, their eyes darted to look him over. Some even openly pointed. Though so engrossed in his reading, he was oblivious. His boots were worn. Likely handmade, but not by a cobbler if she had to guess. Someone who knew the craft, but perhaps didn't have access to all the proper tools. They were tall, nearly reaching his knees, and dirty, which meant he spent plenty of time on the road. The real head scratcher was the sword at his belt. The scabbard was decadent, finely crafted with silver accents. A silver claw graced the end of the hilt, and it held a polished mirrored ball. Guessing by the finally crafted work, it was a sword even her father would have been proud to own.  She wondered if the blade was as lovely as the rest of it. 

But how had he gotten into the city past the shield? No one had left or entered in 50 years, to the day. There's no way he could be new. It made no sense. 

An old human carrying two large buckets appeared from a nearby alleyway. Dropping a bucket, it rolled into a young elf's path. He kicked it away, cursing her. Which left the old woman scrambling after the pail. Volencia's fountain companion jumped up the moment he realized what was happening and snagged the pail for her. The elf who'd kicked it already far enough off not to bother with. He had simply dropped the book onto his satchel and taken off to help her. He was still over there, speaking with her, and she was pointing out in the direction she had come from, her hand gripping his arm. 

Volencia saw a passerby stop. His eyes bounced from the bag Damion had left to where he spoke to the old human, his back to them. He shifted direction, bee-lining straight toward where the satchel and book sat. Realizing what he was about to do, Volencia got to the bag first, grabbing the book, and the arm strap just before the other individual did. He grabbed at it anyway, holding the opposite strap. "It's mine, I forgot where I'd put it. Thanks for watching it for me." The elf said, giving her a slimy smile. 

"Funny, because I've watched the elf over there holding it and reading this book all morning. I suggest you drop it before I call the guards to arrest you." 

He laughed, tugging harder at the bag, pulling her with it. "A bag will be the least of their worries, especially today." 

Her anger ignited. "Agreed, but if their princess demands it, they will listen. Especially today." Her lips curled upward prettily as she batted her eyes at him. 

The look of realization that hit him almost made her laugh. She was dressed as royalty would be, though she didn't wear her crown. His eyes skimmed the detailed silk and jewels gracing her neck. But it was her long, uncut, braided hair that spoke the loudest, she knew. As his eyes skimmed her braid. He had no reason not to believe her. 

"Hey!" She heard the deep boom of Damion's voice behind her, and though she knew he wasn't talking to her, it sent a shiver down her spine. The thief dropped the handle he was holding and took off the way he'd been headed before. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have just left that there. Thank you for protecting my bag, it has everything I came here with in it." He set the buckets down on the ledge of the fountain as Volencia handed him the satchel. He stuffed the book in the bag, slinging it over his shoulder. 

"One good deed for another." She smiled up at him. "It was very gallant of you to run to help her." The little old woman was just reaching the fountain, looking concerned. 

Glancing between the two of them she said, "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to make such a fuss." 

"No fuss, I just needed to thank my friend here for saving my things. My hero I don't suppose you'd be in favor of honoring me with your name yet?" He leaned in toward her a little, smelling of campfire and mint. 

She wanted to give it to him so badly, but bit her lip wondering; would he recognize her if she did?

"I get it, I'm sorry." He shook his head, digging around in his bag. "I hope you don't think I'm being too pushy. Here," he held out a wooden stick from his bag, "I'd like you to have this, as a thank you." 

Flipping the stick in his hand, it became a beautifully rendered rose made of wood, with the petals stained red and all. She stared at it, blushing. "It's so beautiful. But I can't-" 

"Well, I wouldn't have it at all if he'd run off with my things. I really would like you to have it." She took it from him. He laughed as she put it up to her nose before remembering it wasn't real. "A reminder that things we think are just normal reaction can be construed as heroism." He lifted the buckets, dunking them in the water. "I'm going to walk these over to Gilden's house. If you'd like, you could join us. Maybe it would help take your mind off whatever's been troubling you? I can even promise to keep conversation light."

Twirling the rose between her fingers she glanced at Gilden. She smiled. Oh, how she wanted to she was really enjoying his company. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't. I'm waiting for someone." 

"Okay." He pulled the buckets off the fountain, looking disappointed. "It was nice to meet you, hero." He smiled again, winking, but this time, it wasn't wide enough to show his dimple. 

He hadn't gone far when she took a few steps toward them, calling out. "Damion?" 

Turning back, his green eyes shone at her, "Yeah?" 

"If I'm still here when you get back, maybe you could still help me forget my problems?" 

Straight white teeth flashed, his right cheek almost showed a matching dimple. "I'd love to. Maybe think about giving me a name too?" She nodded smiling as he walked away. It had been so long since she'd felt genuine happiness. She kept twirling the rose, staring at it, wondering, who it had been for? Maybe there was someone special back home he was going to give it to? 

###chapter Four
Volencia kept looking back in the direction they left in, hoping that she would see him coming back. She hadn't waited all that long when a crackle resounded through the air. Her hair stood on end. Magic. Fear tingled up Volencia's spine as nine grey hooded figures appeared before her. The Council was here. Blood running cold, she forced herself to her feet. Larkisis, the Council member they wanted to marry her off to, pulled his hood down first. As the second son of Belodia, he was the only member of the Council who didn't currently have his own kingdom. He was handsome, but terrifing beyond words. His cold lavender eyes watched her, calculatingly.

A malicious smile grew, "You left your safe haven?" 

"Yes," she raised her chin, hoping that she didn't look as terrified as she felt. "I want to speak with you all about the future. To make a deal." 

Her eyes skittered to Lock. He ran the Council, so she was hoping he would see the benefit of what she was doing beyond anyone else. A small figure toward the back, likely one of the dwarven kings forced into accepting the terms of the Empire, raised his hands over his head. That he was casting a spell in the square made her nervous. 

"And what deal is that little Princess of Thambair?" Lock sneered. There were nine folk in all on the Council. Four of which she believed had no real desire to be part of them. The two dwarves, King Travagrad, and King Jerellbangle. As well as the human Kings from Crath and the Isles. 

"That I will give myself up willingly, but what I require in return is a promise of mercy and amnesty for my folk. They don't deserve-" 

Pain shot through her face. Claven had appeared out of nowhere and punched her. She stumbled as he grabbed her hair marching her toward the others. "We don't need your deal. You were stupid enough to come to us with no protection." His voice was pitchy almost feminine, with a slight lisp that made her think of a snake. If the rumors she heard were true, evil was an understatement. 

As she crossed over the threshold of a protection spell, realization that she was utterly alone hit. No one was going to be able to interfere, and she panicked. Just as she was pushed through the barrier, her father and Greron appeared. Trapped beyond the magic.  

"You leave her alone!" Gregron screamed. Pushing his hands against the shield, it sparked around him, shooting him back into the crowd and knocking folk over. "No!" She screamed.

Lock laughed. 

"Oh, yes." Claven said, echoing his master's laugh. His perfect blonde hair escaped his cloak. His smile manic. "There is nothing you can do to help her now." He slowly unbuttoned her dress, every time she tried to stop him, he'd punch or kick her. The dress fluttered onto the the cobblestones under her feet. Her petticoats still covered all her secret places, but they were practically see-through. She'd never felt so naked.

"Please stop!" She screamed. 

He ripped the dress from her ankles, and she tumbled, her tears running hot, too afraid to stand. Larkisis was chuckling but Lock just looked angry. "I'm disappointed to see you here, Gregron. Such a waist of talent." 

"She is my Princess," he said, his voice shaking. "I have no intentions of allowing this." 

"Intentions are meaningless." Lock's voice was cool and calm. "You will allow it because you have no choice. We came prepared for you." Gregron charged the shield again, his magic connecting with it for a moment before he was thrown back a second time. Cursing, the folk around him helped him up, glaring at what was happening before them. Gregron's magic was different from most. He used an anti-magic, called nihility magic, which could negate many spells. But not her father's curse, or this shield. The spells were just too strong. 

Larkisis reached down to snag her skirts again, but she kicked out, catching him in the face with her heal. "I only said I wouldn't fight if you gave my folk amnesty." She got up, trying to run, but when she hit the shield, it wouldn't let her out. "NO!" She kicked out, before pressing her back against it, unsure what else to do. Her magic boiled under her skin, but she was as afraid of it as she was them. 

"Hero?" His deep voice hung in the air, calling out. Volencia turned to see Damion pushing through the crowd, his green eyes wide in horror. "What?" He hit the shield; it crackled around his hands, his fingers spread, and magic flew from where he touched it. He wasn't thrown back like Gregron had been, instead, it appeared that he was about to rip the shield apart.  

She sobbed, "I'm sorry." The desire to explain everything was overwhelming, but there was no time.  

"Motion denied," tittered a small elf. It was King Jaquisis, who people often teased for being half fairy, because he was so small, and giggled, incessantly. "You don't have a leg to stand on." Magic shot out, wrapping around her ankle. She fell, dragged over the cobblestones quickly enough that her skin ripped from her shoulder and leg. Two others converged on her, holding each of her arms, twisting her around so that she was looking at Damion. 

"I'm so sorry." She sobbed uncontrollably. 

Claven's hand ran a course over her shoulders, spreading an all-consuming fear through her body. "Now, what do we have here? Who is your deliciously large friend?" Licking his lips, his body pressing up against her. "Maybe we'll let him in to play? Hmm? Would you like that? Imagine both of you together in mine and Larkisis's pleasure room." His hand moved over her belly and hips, before coming up to squeeze her chest hard enough for her to cry out. "Like what you see, boy?" 

###chapter Five
"Leave her alone." Damion growled, pressing his palms against the shield. She expected it to throw him back, but instead sparks flew from where he pressed in on the magic. Fury deepened his emerald eyes to a forest green. His comforting friendliness gone, buried behind a ferocity that left the smallest glimmer of hope coursing through her. Hope. 

The Council Members stared in shock as a black hole rippled through the shield, and the member holding the protection grunted under the strain on his magic. An animalistic sound reverberated through Damion. His muscles rippled with the strain as he forced the shield open with not only the dark magic boiling over the shield, but pure brute strength. A white fracture blazed where he cracked through the shield with his hands, but as he ripped it open, a large black hole appeared. 

Volencia's heart pounded as his head pushied through the darkness. His eyes were now nearly black, and thin dark viens streaked from the corners of his eyes toward his ears.  

"Impossible." She heard Lock, but couldn't see him. Every one of her attackers watched in slack-jawed amazement. 

"NO!" Volencia tried to fight against the others, and wiggled free just in time to run toward him. But Larkisis used his magic to restrain her before she got too close. "You can't! Get out! You're not part of this." The last words trickled to a whisper as the magic holding her squeezed her so tight, she could barely breath, "Please" 

Damion surveyed their opponents, "You know Hero, when I promised to help ease your mind, I was thinking more along the lines of a nice chat." His hand hovered over the hilt of his sword as his eyes came back to meet hers, "You really better give me that honor I asked for earlier after this." He flashed her that debonair smile of his. 

"Do you have any idea who you are up against?" Larkisis laughed, taking Volencia from Claven. "I hope you have more than steel up your sleeve, but I have no doubt, whatever you think you're going to do, won't be enough." 

Snapping his fingers, all the other members looked toward Claven, "I want him, unmarred if possible. Let's get this show on the road. I'm eager to get home to play with our new, scrumptious toys." 

Damion dropped into a fighting stance, as they escalated on him. Pulling the sword at his side free, it sang upon release. Gasps went up from the crowd that gathered now. It was no normal sword. The blade was fully rendered coursebine, one of the rarest magical elements in the world; usually used to make enchanted jewelry, as it looked like multicolored-glowing-from-the inside opals. The element was incredibly rare, especially these days, because they all suddenly went white. Beautiful, but not capable of holding magic. Not since the Temple of Ephira was destroyed in the War of the Magi. The blade twinkled every color between blue and purple. 

"Where the hell did you get that?" Lock pushed past Larkisis. Every eye stared at that sword like it were a loaf of bread being waived before folk dying of starvation. 

"That's not really important. But I will make a deal with you. It's yours if you let the young lady go." 

Lock, Claven, and Larkisis all looked over at her. Her heart pounded in her chest; if they agreed she would be free. Then Claven winked, "Well, what in Ephira did you do to this poor fellow to make him want to trade such an exquisite piece for you?" His last word filled with revulsion, like she was a disgusting thing. "Not that I blame you for it, he is delectable." 

"Contain yourself, Claven." Lock scoffed.

Larkisis's hand squeezed her arm, pulling her back. "Don't you even think of trading my kingdom for a shiny sword, brother." 

"Of course not. Why give her up when we can just take the sword instead." Claven laughed. "Now." He flourished his hands. The others ran forward to attack. Five Council Members all wearing those grey hooded cloaks advanced. All worked different spells, not meeting him in hand-to-hand combat. As the spells came to fruition, the first to meet him was a stream of fire. Damion raised his hand calmly, even with vine ropes coming in from behind him, meant to hold him. 

"Watch out!" Volencia yelled. Afraid he wouldn't see the vines. Larkisis punched her in the face and she fell to her knees. Her stomach rolled from the pain pounding in her skull. Her eye swelled shut, making it hard to see what was happening. 

She did her best to watch and see what he was doing, and Lock cried out in anger as Damion's magic swallowed all the others, consuming it and spiting back nothing but smoke. 

Raising his hand toward one of them, the cobblestones opened beneath his attackers swallowing one up to the shoulders in dirt and stone. Reniza, the fairy King, the smallest member went to him, trying to free him with his magic, and the other three pulled their swords. Volencia missed half the fight as Larkisis kicked her side. Volencia wreathed in pain and she sobbed, rolling herself in a ball on the ground, several her ribs likely broken. 

"Make her scream." Lock demanded, "It'll distract him. Then we join in the fight." 

Larkisis just kicked at her for a moment. At her legs, shoulder, hips. She did her best to swallow the screams, but she had no idea how well she was doing. "Stop you idiot." She heard Claven hiss. "There are better ways to make someone scream." Claven was surprisingly gentle as he lifted her to standing. Facing her toward the fight. "If you fall to your knees or try to cover yourself, I will personally take you right here in front of your people, claiming you for the Empire. Do you understand?" 

Volencia's whole body shook with fear and pain, she didn't think she would be able to stand for long. She kept her eyes on Damion, who was holding his own against the others. She focused on not screaming as cold hard steel pressed against her cheek. 

"I asked you a question." The blade traced her jawline and down her neck just hard enough for her to feel its prick but not to draw blood. 

"I heard you." Her voice shook, barely a whisper. Her skin slick with tears.

Damion pushed away his largest attacker with a kick to the chest. Worry shone in his eyes as he spared her a glance. They turned darker and fiercer as he watched them. Even the whites of his eyes disappeared until they were nothing more than inky wells. They charged him again before he made it three steps in her direction. The clanging of their swords singing out. Still, he tried to press through the battle. Claven's dagger ran a line of fire down her shoulder and over her breast, coming to hover at the center of her chest. Slowly the fabric ripped away and she was sobbing, closing her eyes, begging herself not to try to cover up, despite how her body warred against her mind. 

"Please, stop." She couldn't do this. 

"Scream for your friend." He whispered. Damion, she knew, was aware of what was happening. Though he tried to press through them, they were able to keep him at bay. The blade ran down her belly, cutting away her petticoat, which floated down to her ankles leaving her last line of defense nothing but her slip, which he had already cut through from the neckline to her waist. He didn't slit it in half, instead, lifting the hem and running the blade up the inside of her thigh. 

Damion slashed at one of his opponent's knees, cutting him down. He swung again, jabbing another through the middle, dropping him in a heap at his feet. 

Volencia couldn't keep it in any longer, panic winning as the blade slowly progressed higher. "NO! No, stop! I can't-" her screams broke into complete panic as the blade nicked her skin and her body started to fall. 

	Damion stopped in his tracks, his eyes narrowing into dark holes at what he saw. Reniza took the opportunity to fly up above him dropping on his back and getting him in a head lock. Plants shot out from the cobblestones wrapping around his arms and legs until he dropped to his knees. His eyes now completely black as he struggled against the vines. The dark web around his eyes intensified, crawling down to his jawline, and running up over his ears.

Claven pulled the dagger away from her, smiling at his brother as he pushed her toward him. "And that is how it is done." 

###chapter Six
Volencia stumbled, collapsing on the cold stone desperately trying to cover herself and gain some semblance of control. Damion was close, no more than a few feet away but bound tightly. She wanted to remember his face, to remember heros can exist, even if they can't win.

"I'm so, so sorry." She sobbed, not wanting to look away from him. "I never meant for you to become involved in this." 

He never stopped struggling, but his eyes lightened a shade greener as they met hers. "I never even learned your name." 

Lock stepped between them, breaking their eye contact. "We need to separate them. Right now." His eyes watched Damion wildly, who's attempts to break free only renewed to the point where the vines were starting the break away the stones they'd grown out of. 

"Ten minutes." Larkisis stepped up behind her, bending her head back to make her look at him as he unbuckled his belt. "I'm going to show everyone what happens when they decide to challenge us." 

"No!" Lock cried, turning to Larkisis.

Squeezing her eyes tight, she sobbed. "My name is Volencia." When he dropped her head, Volencia got another quick look at Damion again. 

"I swear. If you touch her. I will kill you." Volencia could feel the cracking stone reverberating under her body. His voice didn't sound the same as before. It was lower. Snarling. She prayed he was right. 

"We need to separate them. Now." Lock demanded. 

Larkisis slapped Lock's hand away. "Look old man, we agreed." 

Lock shook his head, "This was never the way it was supposed to be. He wasn't part of the plan." A certain satisfaction grew in her chest at the fear in his voice. He deserved to feel it. That fear. No matter how small. 

"I will not let anyone make a fool of me. They need to learn their lesson." His heal pressed between her shoulder blades, forcing her to the ground. 

Damion's body started to spasm, his eyes rolling back in his head, clouding over in complete darkness. Lock stepped back, "No" he whispered, looking away and covering his eyes just in time for a blinding light to fill the shield. Stone and vine pieces flew around them, flinging debris threw the air. Knocking her attackers off their feet. Volencia threw her hands over her head, but not a single piece came close to hitting her or Larkisis. From where she was, all she could see of Damion were his boots, and they were headed straight for her. 

For one brief moment, she saw the tip of the sword, before it left her field of vision, along with one of his boots, and the next moment, the weight of Larkisis was gone. Volencia tried to raise herself up on her hands and knees, but didn't have the strength, so settled for curling into a ball instead. Warmth covered her body. It was Damion's cloak, as he was knelt by her side. "I'm here. No one will hurt you again." His hands were gentle as they lifted her up against his chest, holding her. "I am going to touch you, but I'm only to heal you. Don't be afraid." 

She had seen people take hours to heal smaller injuries, but his hands were quick, his magic efficient in making the pain disappear. Every muscle in her body tensed as his hand touched her thigh and breast, but they were gone just as quickly, not lingering a moment longer than the healing needed. Her head lolled against his shoulder, the last thing he focused on was her face, and eye. His thumb caressed the swollen skin, and the pain receded instantly. Once healed, her eye came back into focus and his eyes were no longer black or green. They had become swirling quicksilver. Not just around the pupil and iris, the entire eye from corner to corner swirled in a vortex that felt like she could fall into it for the rest of her days. 

Throwing her arms around his shoulders she blubbered, "I don't know how to thank you. I never I can't" words failed her and all she could do was weep. 

"It'll be okay. I would ask that you would allow me to take you some place so that we can discuss a few things. I'm just glad you're safe." His massive hand rubbed her back gently. Still wrapped tightly in his cloak, he stood, awkwardly putting his sword in the sheath then transitioning her to both his arms. With a snap of his fingers, everyone except Claven and Lock disintegrated into silver smoke. The crowd near the outside of the shield screamed and cheered, but the shield grew darker once the Council member who had been holding it was gone. Slowly swirling into a silver darkness that swallowed them. Just before they were gone, she saw terror wash over her father's features for the first time in years. Soldiers pressed behind Gregron, waiting for the moment the shield would fall. They started beating on the shield but were drowned out by the cheering and whatever new protection was now slowly encasing them. He went to where her dress lay on the ground and pulled it off the stone, shaking it out before laying it over her. "For later, so you at least have something to put on." 

Damion started walking toward Lock, and fear ripped through her. Was he possessed? Was he going to hand her over to them? He didn't have a hand ready to fight, and his sword sheethed. "It's been a long time. I can't say I was expecting to see you again. I thought I took care of you being able to come back." Lock scowled.

"Well, lucky for me, you failed." Damion's brow drew together. "What did you do?" 

"You'll find out soon enough, I'm sure. I don't plan on sealing my coffin just yet." For every step Damion took toward him, Lock took two back, keeping his distance. Claven just stared, dumbfounded by this turn of events. As Lock backed away and Damion gave slow chase, Claven ended up at his back. 

"Damion, Claven's going to attack." Volencia grabbed his collar watching the spell unfold. Damion stopped in his tracks, looking back, then shrugged. 

"Let him. He'll just get his own spell back at him ten-fold. If he's stupid enough to try to cast it, he's stupid enough to die." His voice was hard, but his features eased as he looked at her. "Are you okay?" 

"Do you and Lock know each other?" She couldn't pull her eyes from Claven, too worried about what was going to head their way. Before he threw it, the spell filtered out and his eyes bounced from them to Lock, clearly confused, throwing his hands in the air.

"Damion, who owns this body, does not know Lock. I'm only here because all the pieces fell into place. I could come to his aid. Your aid. I'm from somewhere else completely. Which I unfortunately cannot fully explain. But I need a moment to speak with him, if you don't mind." He nodded, closing the distance between him and Lock. 

"You killed my brother, and for that I will-" Claven started to storm toward them, and Volencia felt herself squeak, curling deeper into his arms. 

Turning on his heels, Damion faced Claven. Who stopped in his tracks, his mouth moved, but no words came out. Fury poured from him, but Damion, or whoever he was, was much more terrifying. "You are lucky to be alive, so count your blessings. I would have killed you already if I didn't need you alive for what I'm about to do. So, like a good lap dog, sit, shut up, and stop pissing me off before I lose the little patience I have left." 

Lock circled around them, so he was closer to Claven, "Let's not poke this particular beast, shall we. But, I am very afraid you won't be able to do what you are about to request." 

"I enact the armistice; full term, one year." His voice was flat, but there was no question in it. 

"You can't." Lock gave him a sheepish grin. "The armistice cannot be enacted after violence. You just killed Larkisis, the ultimate violence." 

"It is washed out by what you were going to do to her." 

"I don't care. I will not approve the armistice. We need to shake on it before it is set in stone. I will not. I do not believe that our transgressions are as great as yours." Lock crossed his arms over his chest raising his chin, looking more like a defiant child than the head of an Empire.

"If you refuse the armistice, I will choose to end our little game as it has been laid out previously. Today is an injustice I will not accept. I will, on this very night, meet my end, and take all of you with me. Every. Single. One." He growled low in his throat, the silver becoming nearly black in his eyes, "If in their heart, they follow you and your unbalanced, unfair rule, they will die. Everything you have built will crumble to the ground. I don't care how devastating it is. Those left behind will rise from the ashes of your bones and have a fresh start. Be free of you and yours. And my beloved will be free of your curses and strife. I, along with my counterpart, will leave our prisons and end this now." 

Lock stumbled, his face going pale white. "You wouldn't. You wouldn't loose that on the world again." 

"I will. Deny me. I'm tired anyway." Shifting Volencia in his arms, he held out his hand challenging Lock to refuse. 

The Head of the Council, who had been so close to Empirical rule not even an hour ago, stared at that hand like life itself depended on it. And if her hero's words were true, Lock's would. "Like all the other times before, you will fail. The only sacrifice you have is still her. And unlike the others, she is a coward." Lock spit. 

"What does he mean?" Volencia pushed away from him as best she could, considering he was holding her. 

"Not what it sounds like." He smiled down at her, this time, the dimple she'd admired on Damion earlier was there, but on the left cheek. She could have sworn it was on the right before. "It can never be her. This time it will be different. We will win. Our dearest Volencia certainly is no coward. At the start of your attack, she was willing to give all of herself in place of her folk. That is an agreement you will regret denying the rest of your days. But she is a true and noble leader if ever there was one. Those are not the actions of a coward." 

"Suit yourself. A thousand times you've failed. What's one more? Oh, right, you kill the world yourself a little more every time you try if it goes as it has in the past, you'll ultimately be the reason I achieve my goal." Lock laughed, taking his hand and shaking it. Damion's smile faded. "Are we done here?" 

Nodding, Damion snapped his fingers and the shield melted away. His eyes met Volencia's, as she watched smoke whirl around them, and they disintegrated into it slowly. She was able to see just enough, the crowd encircle Lock and Claven. Gregron, racing toward them. They were distressed, her father crying. Their faces red. They had been unable to do a thing when she needed it. If Lock was afraid of the elf holding her, she guessed she should be too. But she wasn't. 

###chapter Seven 
When her vision came back to her, and the smoke settled, Volencia was still in the arms of Damion. Or Damion's body? She had no idea who he was if not the elf who'd introduced himself earlier. They were in the middle of an old ruin of a room, a large dead tree sat in the center. Rays of sunshine filtered down through the broken ceiling. It smelled of death and decaying leather. The floor was slick, covered in moss and a never-ending wetness seemed to cover everything. 

Damion sucked in a breath, "I can't believe it's gone." 

He finally lowered her feet to the ground, making a beeline for the tree, and placing his hand on the trunk, looking down at his feet. He looked so upset over the death of the thing, but it looking like it had been this way for centuries. "Where are we?" Volencia asked, noticing that the books lining the walls were all covered in growth. Many looked to be rotting, most of them weren't even on the shelves anymore, but rather scattered all over the room, mixed in with the debris of the crumbling walls. 

"This was once the Temple of Ephira." He looked completely distraught over the ruins, but it had been over a century since its destruction. Those silver eyes tracing over the walls, and room at large. He bent to trace a hole in the ground around the tree, there were five in fact, circling all around. "So, this is what you did. Fool that you are, Locke. Though it does make everything harder from here. Do you know the story they tell? I wonder if he's honest in this, or if he's trying to hide things and make it look like someone else is doing his dirty work." 

"It was him. We all know it. Lock and the Council waged war against Claglion. They wanted the city for themselves. When the Samanthians refused to give in to them, they decided to take it. Lock believed with the power of the Temple, he could turn it into a flying city, but it fell. They say they took whatever magic was left here in order to build a new temple, but they have yet to erect one. This happened over a hundred years ago, when it fell, I was just newly born. It had to do with ruling over who could and couldn't teach magic, and that a lowly race such as the Samanthians should not have access to every important magical item hidden inside the Temple of Ephira."

	"What happened to the folk?" He looked at her in horror. 

"Very few of them survived. I think they were hidden away by my parents. But I don't know where, or how many." Volencia looked at the overgrowth surrounding them. Some of the flowers still grew wildly around the garden, but most weren't meant to survive like this or in such a climate. It was cold here, and she was glad she still had his cloak to wrap herself in. "I'm going to change into my dress over this way." She dressed as quickly as possible. The dress was dirty, but they hadn't ripped it apart when they forced her out of it, so it would do for now. "Thank you, I'm finished." 

"I'm sorry." He looked around the room, clearly upset. "If I had known I wouldn't have brought you here. This must look, awkward." 

"The Temple has been gone for a century, how have you not heard of this?" 

"I don't get out much." He circled the tree, pushing his hands deep into his pockets. "I don't even have my own body that's why I had to borrow one." 

"So, what are you then? What's your name, and could you really have done those things you told Lock you were going to do?" 

"I just am, I don't have a race. Not really. I have had many names throughout time but, none I can say myself, so pick something and go with it. We'll just add it to the ever-growing list. And yes. I would have done everything I said if Lock had refused me again. Mostly because I'm tired and he does this to everything I love." His hands waived at the room at large, his eyes settling on the tree. 

"Couldn't we just heal the tree? I thought plants never really die." She put her own hand against the white bark. "And how do you not have a race?" 

"How can I have a race without a body? I suppose, in this moment, I would be considered and elf of the dark hive." He put his hand on hers, "And we cannot bring the tree back. It's a special tree, the only one of its kind. When this one died, it chose a new home where in this new life it will be loved. Considering, it has already started growing new roots, I would hate for it to die, so that I could make this one come back to this lonely, desolate place." He looked sad, his eyes still lingering on the tree. 

"How do you have the power to do what you say you could, but you need to borrow a body?" 

Rubbing his face, he seemed to have a hard time reconciling the question. "Because I am? I can't many of these questions cannot be answered. Though, in my experience, someone knew enough to see how you and Damion fit into the larger picture and planned this meeting. Possibly even for the sheer purpose of saving you from the Council." 

"Why wouldn't they have told us? And what about the armistice and sacrifice you and Lock were talking about?" Volencia went to the wall where the books were, thumbing through them in hopes of finding one that may be salvageable. Considering the fader of their conversation, she knew she should be afraid. But she wasn't. She knew he wouldn't hurt her, though she had no idea how. 

Waving a hand over an old, crumbled chair, it pieced itself together seamlessly. He sat watching her. "I'm guessing, like me, maybe they couldn't. Or there's a reason they wouldn't. I'm just not sure all the needed elements could be there without intervention. There's always the possibility I'm wrong too. We've had some pretty interesting meetings with no intervention so" She lifted a book that looked to have promise, but the pages had all turned to a large brick. "The armistice is like a truce with rules and a set time frame. In this case, one year from today. The basic rule is, they cannot interfere with your search for the truth. If your search leads you to the heart of Belodia for a book, and you have just cause, they have to give it to you. They also have no ability to harm you or your folk. Not unless you were to harm them first, anyway. As far as the sacrifice-"

"Wait." Volencia stopped, putting her hands on her hips. "We'll get back to that bit. What happens if they deny us?" 

"Then I can come back and force them to give you the item or access to whatever it is you need. I can promise, Locke isn't going to want to see me again, so he'll not deny you if it means I'll come back. However, if he does, and I don't show, that means it has nothing to do with our issue, and that they don't need to assist per the armistice." He sat back, crossing one foot over the other, his silver eyes following her. 

"Okay, great. That is important information to have. See?" He chuckled, smiling at her. The recognition was simple but made her feel better. "Now, before we move on, what do Damion and I have to do with any of this?" 

"Everything. You're the keys. The entire puzzle will revolve around the two of you. For each piece you find, the better your understanding of it will be. The ultimate goal would be to assist in my rescue and make it possible for Ephira to come back." 

"Where has she gone?" Volencia asked, she supposed the Goddess wouldn't be here, otherwise she wouldn't have allowed the destruction of the Temple or the harm to those she had left in charge of it. 

"She's not really gone, just mostly trapped, like me." His head cocked at her. She wondered if he could read her, because she couldn't tell in any way shape or form what he was thinking. "Though I am trapped in a physical space, and she is not."

###chapter Eight
"And if, when he wakes, Damion thinks I'm completely mad? What then?" 

"He won't." Those silver eyes sparkled. She kept getting further and further away from him, so he got up and followed her around the walls and shelves. "He is used to strange. What happened today is not going to be as hard for him to believe as you might think." 
	
Volencia thought back to his easy banter, that smile so forthcoming. He seemed honest and sweet. It was what had drawn her to him to begin with. His innocence. But when the moment had come to fight, he had. He was no stranger to the sword and he certainly believed he could face them. When he first entered the fight, he'd even joked about it. "I sincerely hope you are right." But she didn't know the boy, and the thing before her was sitting in his body. So, he likely knew more than she did. "Hey, is there any way you could make this easier?" 

He gave her a charming lop-sided smile, "You need only ask." With a wave of his hand, every book from the room zipped through the air. Dust clouds filled the space, and the smell of old or rotting leather was overwhelming as they quickly piled into four different sections. The largest was the pile of ruined books, next were the ones that still had titles and a page here or there that could still be read, the third had whole sections that were legible, and the last was a pile of five books. A table stitched itself together just as the books landed on it. Each one pristine leather with gilded pages and stamped with ruins unlike she had ever seen. 

Lifting each one up, she frowned. "I know the main seven languages, and I have no idea what these are written in." 

Chuckling, he handed her a bag. "You should take those with you. It's an ancient language, but the Samanthians would be able to read it. They'll be able to help you." He lifted a large black book, even the pages were grey and dark. "Except this one. This one deserves to be on the bottom of the ocean." He started to walk away with it, and panic settled over Volencia. 

"Wait!" She grabbed the book, holding it to her chest. He scowled for a moment, before sighing. "It doesn't matter. You'll likely remember before you figure out how to read it anyway." He waved his hand dismissively.

Volencia sighed. She didn't know why the black book seemed so important, but it did. She gently placed it on the top of the pile. He looked back at her curiously, as if knowing she put it in a special spot in the bag. She cleared her throat, "Out of this entire library, is this really all that survived?" Volencia looked longingly at the books. She wanted to read them now. 

"Yes, but perhaps someone was trying to make sure no books survived, and these just happen to be the best protected?" He offered.

"Why would anyone attack books?" Volencia asked, surprised. 

"Because they teach what the destroyer doesn't want you to know" he looked around the room, seeming surprised. "But you're right, there should have been more." 

"My parents might have them. Or the Samanthians. They gave the city up, so there could have been time for them to grab what they wanted." He pulled his sword out of the sheath part way and looked down at it in contemplation. 

"Hm. This is making more sense by the moment." 

Volencia couldn't help but laugh, "No it's not." But the smile he gave her with that response made her heart quicken. 

"Fair enough." He nodded. Volencia put the books in the bag he'd handed to her. "I always enjoyed that part of the journey. The reading, and learning, finding out about new languages. Sometimes trying to figure out old ruins. In the moment, I hate it, because I have no patience, but those are the times I look back on most fondly." He amused himself with the pile of ruined books, turning them into their own table and chairs. It seemed his magic worked absently and apart from him. He didn't wiggle a finger or shutter an eye. 

"Alright," She moved toward him, wrapping her arms around her chest. "Let's talk about that sacrifice now."  

"I promise," his hands held her shoulders lightly, pulling her gently against his chest, his arms wrapping her in a warm and comforting embrace. "It doesn't mean I love you any less." He rested his chin on the top of her head, explaining, "I can never allow my beloved to take my place as the sacrifice. One who comes to rescue me must come of their own free will. No one can be forced, and they must have certain traits in order to be able to freely be a sacrifice. It's no small task to find a certain kind of person who is willing to not only give up their life, but take my place for eternity. You'll find out more about all that through your travels should you chose to take up this journey for me. It's nothing at all like Locke made it seem earlier." 

"Oh." Volencia waited.  

He shrugged, "So far the only one who has been willing to take my place and met the needed criteria, which you'll figure out on your own, is my beloved. However, I will not trade myself for her. So, here we are." 

"And you can't tell me who your beloved is or offer any more insight into what our journey will bring?" He shook his head in answer, "Is there anything else here I should look for? Anything to help us on our way?" 

Pursing his lips, he looked around the room. "There is, but nothing I can help you with. It wouldn't be a bad idea to come back here with Damion one more time. Or even your Aunt, Uncle, or Father, they may know it if they tried to help the Samanthians when the war was waging." 

"Okay," Volencia nodded. "I should probably head home. I'm sure my father's worried sick about me." 

The entity before her blushed, watching her. "Would I would you allow me to, well join you?" His eyes turned away from her, looking back toward the tree. "At your home I mean?" His blush reached from his neck to his ears, turning his entire face red, his hands went up, "Not that I wouldn't take you if you said no, it just-" 

"After what you've done for me today? I would give you anything." Volencia offered, placing her hands on his arms. "I would be honored if you would join." 

"I only have tonight." His fingers touched her waist briefly before falling away. "At dawn, Damion will be back, and I'll be trapped again." He looked away, but she could see how uncomfortable he was. 

"Then come back home with me? Stay with me, and I'll talk to him about everything in the morning." His hand reached out, freezing just before touching her cheek. Clearly second guessing himself. 

She stepped into his touch. His shields crumbled and he pulled her close, holding her tight. His hand found her chin and made her look up at him. "May I kiss you?" She felt her panic rise. She'd never been kissed before, and after today he did not wait for answer. He lowered his face to hers, hovering in front of her for a moment. When she didn't fight back, he leaned in, gently pressing his lips to hers. Closing her eyes, she allowed his soft warm tongue to coax her lips appart. Butterfies flittered low in her abdomen as his breath filled her. His hands cradled her face, gentle but strong, as she wrapped her arms around his neck. 

Breathless as they broke appart, her head swam dizzingly to see that they were standing in the middle of a familiar room. She clung to him as a darkness crept in from the corners of her eyes, she felt like she was about to faint.

###chapter Nine
"That was fast." Volencia's head spun. "I'm so off balance." Their aloneness seemed much more intimate here, in her personal rooms. 

	Pulling her into his arms, he sat her on the bed. "I'm sorry, I didn't know that it would effect you so." 

"I should call up for some food and warm water for a bath." She held her head in her hands for a moment, waiting for the dizzy spell to relent. "I really need to get out of this dress." She didn't realize how dirty she felt, but now that she was in her room, she didn't want to taint it with the ugliness that followed her around with the dress and ripped undergarments. 

"Anything your heart desires will be given freely." When he glanced at the table, out of nowhere, food was there. Many of her favorite items too. "Your bath also awaits in your dressing chamber. You have but to ask." He pushed his hands into his pockets and looking around the room, as if pointedly avoiding looking at her. She wondered if he felt the intimacy changing too. 

Her heart's desire though, was something she'd never dreamed it would be. She wanted him. For the first time in her life, despite what happened earlier, she wanted to kiss him. To hold him. To let him know, if she would have her way, he would never be lonely again. 

"You too?" His eyes searched her, desire burned there in the swirling silver vortex as she pressed her hands to his chest. He cocked his head in question, as if unsure what she meant, but didn't trust himself to speak. "I mean, if you were my heart's desire, would I be allowed to have you? I owe you for rescuing me anyway." She stepped into him, resting her head against his chest. 

His eyes hardened, "No." She jumped at his harsh tone, pulling away from him. "You don't owe me for doing what is right. There should never be expectations placed for repayment simply because someone chose to help you." Her hands fell in front of her, and she felt heat crawling up her neck, so removed the cloak, tossing it onto a nearby chair. "You are worth so much more than that. Anyone who thinks they can own or control you is a fool. Anyone who thinks they deserve you is an idiot." His hands cupped her face, and her body tingled with the anticipation that he might kiss her again. 

"You deserve it. No one could have done what you did today. I know what you saved me from. I want to give you what they would have stolen." She pulled the rose Damion had given her from the hidden pocket in her dress.  "Besides, I want you." 

He closed his eyes, taking a long deep breath. He went to the table, pouring himself a glass of wine, drinking it down. "I will not be strong enough to deny you if you pursue this." He said, refusing to look at her. "But you should know, there are few who deserve you less than me. And if you pursue this, you will likely hurt Damion's sensitive nature. He's never been with someone before. I don't think he would take kindly to the idea of his body being used in such a way." He took a seat at the table.

Twirling the rose between her fingers, she thought on his words. She didn't care about him not believing he deserved it, but the last thing she wanted to do was hurt the elf who'd come to her rescue when no one else could or would. She sighed, "This isn't fair." She pouted. 

His head bounced onto the table, his hands weaving through his hair. "You have no idea." His words were muffled, but there was no doubt he was fighting something hard. 

Unable to stop herself, she went to him, running her hands through his hair. "I'm sorry." She leaned against the table. "If it weren't for Damion how long has it been since you've been able to talk to or touch someone?" 

He shifted, putting his arms around her, pressing her closer so she stood between his legs. "So long. When I am able to join this world, it's only for a night. Most of the time, the person doesn't trust me, and wants nothing to do with me. You're the first to see and hear the things that I've dealt with in such a way. I'm just so tired. There hasn't been anyone who's wanted to be with me in this way since I've been trapped. At least not at any point where we physically could." The way he clung to her broke her heart. "But this is enough. I'm glad that you wanted this too. I am not entirely sure I would have been able to take another moment in that awful place without some small kindness."

"Hero? I've been alone for a long time too. I don't want to be alone anymore either." Volencia ran her fingers through his hair.

"Hero?" He looked up at her in surprise. 

"Yeah, well, you told me to choose a name. That you'd add it to the long list you had already. I chose Hero. It seems fitting." His eyes sparkled up at her as he looked at her with pride, tears shining in his eyes before he hid his face in her stomach.

When he finally let her go, they enjoyed the food spread before them. Both drank a little too much wine, and their intimate moments became more frequent. When she finally departed for the bath, she looked back at him, "I'm going to take a bath. You wouldn't want to join me, would you? I have such a hard time taking my hair out and washing it myself."

"As you wish." He stood, following her into the changing room where her bath was already full.  

###chapter Ten **
Volencia stopped near the tub, looking down at it. She felt suddenly self conscious as she felt his heat at her back. "I'll just take your hair out and help you wash it. I'll bath after you're done and dressed for bed." Even as he said the words, he was behind her, slowly releasing her tangle of hair from the braids woven together. When her hair was unbraided, it trailed the ground behind her, and she hated it. So, her maiden often worked hard once a week to put it up tightly, and when it would start to fall out finally, she would take it down, helping Volencia wash it, before putting it all back up again. She hated her hair. "No wonder you can't do this alone, there are so many pins and ties."

"Yeah," she sighed, "We're not allowed to cut our hair." Though his hands hesitated a moment, he didn't respond. It took him a bit to loosen it all, and as he did, his warm fingers caressed the back of her neck and shoulders. 

"Now, this is just a suggestion, but if you would like, you could climb in the tub. I can cover the top of it with bubbles and turn around while you do. Then you'll still be covered, and we'll make sure your hair stays out and before we wash it, I could brush it out for you." His hands were warm as they rest on her shoulders. Leaning back against him, she felt her face heat up. The wine was definitely starting to do a number on her. 

"I would love that." She started to unbutton the front of her gown, and a moment later, it was down around her ankles. Without thinking, she ripped the undergarments off, leaning over to grab them and throw them in the opposite corner of the room from where she normally put the clothing that needed to be washed. She never wanted to see them again. When she turned around though, Hero eyes were as large as gold coins and his face was as red as a raspberry. "Are you okay?" 

Shaking his head, he swallowed hard. "Uh, yes. I'm fine. I just was expecting you to warn me before you stripped naked." His gaze was riveted on her. 

Looking down at herself, her hands touched her breasts. "Oh. I guess, I wasn't thinking." She didn't bother to dwell on it too long. Instead, she climbed into the tub, making sure her hair stayed on the outside. "You really don't mind brushing it out for me? Trishia says it's the worst."

"As long as I get to spend the night by your side, I swear I don't mind." As Volencia laid back in the tub, resting her head against the edge of the brass tub. A moment later, she felt him lift her head, sliding a towel under her neck. "Is that better?" 

"Much. Thank you." Relaxing as he started working on her hair again. Her head spun a little as she laid there letting him work at her hair. He was so gentle. This felt amazing. 

Eventually, he stopped, leaning over her shoulder he whispered in her ear. "There. You're all done. Do you really need help washing it? Or are you ready for me to leave you alone?" 

Volencia sat up, and he snagged the towel just as it was about to fall in. "I don't want to wash it. It'll be wet forever. Could you help me was my back though? I'll help you with yours too? There's enough room. You could join me." 

Hero stared down at her a moment, before he slowly untied the bottom of his wrapped tunic. "Are you sure? If not, I need to leave now." His smile was gone, but his eyes were alight with excitement. 

"I'm sure." She moved to the side, giving him room. Volencia watched as he removed his shirt. He was beautiful. Though he had muscles, he was also slim. Toned muscles covered his arms and chest. Now that his shirt was off, she wanted desperately to reach out and touch him. Instead, she settled for bitting her lip. His skin was so much tanner than what she was used to seeing. As he pulled off his britches, she turned away embarrassed. 

"Are you sure you want to? I feel the need to remind you-" 

"If you don't get in the tub, I will lose my nerve." She was staring at the clothes lined against the wall of her dressing room. Suddenly enthralled with the idea that she had clothes for just this occasion. It had embarrassed her before, but there was a pink silk and lace thing she really wanted to wear for him. His hesitation didn't last long though. A moment later, he was lowering himself into the water with her. As his legs touched her body, she felt like fire was set ablaze along her sides. Volencia couldn't help but nestle herself between them as she laid against his chest. The difference was, this time, she could feel his erection against her back. He was sitting ramrod straight behind her. 

Though he sat like this a few minutes, eventually he picked up the soap and lathered it so that he could help her wash. Starting at her back he worked over her exposed skin, washing her, just like she'd requested. From there, he worked her shoulders and arms. Anything that was above the surface of the water. "There." He said finally, relaxing back. "I washed you as much as I can without becoming a total deviant." 

Volencia knew the word, but for some reason couldn't think of what it meant. "Does that mean it's my turn to wash you?" 

"This is my abosolute, and final warning. I really don't want to do anything you'll regret. But I can't say no." His eyes fixated on her. He clearly wanted this as much as she did. 

"Turn around." She wanted to touch him too. So, very, very badly. 

"No. You'll have to scootch behind me." His face was red and he was staring at the water. "The tub is too small for me to move around in well." When she stood up to try to get around him, he nearly tackled her in the tub. Arms wrapped around her waist, and his mouth found the base of her belly, kissing his way up her hip. The dip in her waiste was too sensitive, and her knees nearly buckled. Hero held her fast though. "Let me wash. I'll be quick. Then I can take you back to your room and we'll have all the space we need." He grabbed the bar of soap and immediately started to work it over his skin. Volencia crumpled to her knees, watching him. "Sorry, I have to wash up. I don't know what this body has been through. I need to wash." 

Volencia relaxed back against the opposite side of the tub. But as he stood before her, she couldn't help but get up on her knees. With her hands at her side, half submerged but her breast laying just atop the water, she looked up at him. "May I touch you?" 

"Yes. Please." He handed her the cloth and soap knowing he would regret it. But it would be the kind of regret you wanted to do over and over. As she worked up his body, he was already standing tall. When her fingers found his cock, he shivered. "I won't be able to take that for long." 

"No?" She smirked, blowing on his tip, loving the way he squirmed. Kissing him, her lips suckling at him. "I think I want to go to bed."
###chapter Eleven **
After he was fully washed, he reached down, pulling her into his arms. Giggling, she put her arms around his neck, kissing his neck. Laying her down on the bed, he crawled over her, kissing her deeply. He played with her breasts, flicking his thumb over her nipple. She shivered under him, enjoying the way he touched her. As her thighs rubbed together, his hand slid down her belly, playing at her juncture. "I don't think I'll last long the first time, this virgin body is already reacting so strongly to you." 

"I-" He cut her off, pressing his tongue into her mouth. She moaned into him, her hands going to his chest again. When his fingers found her most sentive spot, she gasped. He played with her until she was quaking beneath him. As he moved over her, Hero pressed himself against her opening. Her fingers clawed at his back as pain radiated through her entire body. When she cried out, he thrust into her again. "W-wait..." he didn't though. 

"Mgh, you feel so amazing. It's been so long." He ravaged her, and her body cried out in pain. Just as the pain started to subside, and she could feel the heat growing in her body again, he drove into her one last time. His body stiffened, and he moaned as he filled her, his orgasm racking his body. 

Volencia swallowed hard. This was still better than she had imagined losing her virginity would be. At least the council hadn't stolen it from her. Hero's head was pressed against her shoulder. Rolling off, he laid beside her. He panted for a moment before rolling over to look at her. "I'm sorry. I should have given you more in the beginning. I didn't know it would be like that. Let's grab another bite and have a glass or two of wine. When we're done, I'll make sure I take care of your needs too." His hand caressed the side of her face, tucking a long strand of hair back off her face.

"It's okay. I'm pretty tired. I haven't been sleeping very well." Sitting up, she moved toward the chamberroom again. "I need to relieve myself, I'll be right back." 

Hero leaned against the headboard, something red on the sheets caught his attention. Frowning, he left the bed, pouring himself a glass of wine. Volencia came back out wearing a light pink robe with large floral designs on it. His silver eyes watched her, and he tapped his lap for her to join him. He held out a glass of wine for her too. "I'm so sorry. I should have been so much more careful with you. I didn't realize you were a virgin." 

Feeling embarrassed, gulping down the wine. "I assumed it was obvious. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I didn't think it was that big a deal." 

"I would have been far gentler had I known. Hopefully it didn't hurt too badly?" Curling up in his arms, she sighed. 

"It didn't." Her fingers spread over his chest, loving the warmth under her hand. With her ear pressed against the other side, she could hear his heart beating, rhythmatically, strong. "I finally feel like I'm not alone in the world." She said, letting her eyes slide closed. "Will you hold me tonight?"

"Of course." He nibbled more of the food, and poured another glass of wine before lifting her against his chest and bringing her back to the large canopy bed. Laying her down, he pushed the large cover back only covering her with the sheet on the bed. As he laid down beside her, he held her close. Brushing her hair back, her lips kissed at the tender flesh of his neck. His body reacted to her kisses quickly, and he tilted her face up to his, kissing her tenderly. 

Lifting himself over her, he kisses down her neck, fondeling her gently. She responded completely different compared to the first time, arching toward him, caressing hi gently too, playing with his hair, scratching his back. As his lips slowly descended to her belly, she shivered under him. Hero pet her little bud, but only touched her entrance, never actually dipping inside. He kissed along her thigh and calf, rubbing her feet before making his way back up. 

As he placed himself between her legs, he slid his shaft up the center of her mound, rubbing over her bud. Her hips joined him, her cheeks red with desire. This time, she moaned, her hip girating with his movements. "If you're gentle, you can come inside me again." She wanted to feel him fill her up again. It may have hurt the first time, but now, it didn't. He moved ever so slowly inside her to start, easing himself in, and retreating any time she seemed to be in any discomfort. "It's okay, it doesn't hurt anymore." It was a small lie. She was still sore, but she would rather feel him inside her now, than the emptiness that had followed her throughout these last years. 

Hero still didn't rush, taking his time, slowly bringing her to the brink of orgasm. Their bodies sleek with sweat, tangled together. "I could never get enough of you." Lifting her against him, he rolled them over so that she was sitting atop him, leaning against the headboard of the bed. 

"I think I like this better." Volencia cooed at him. She felt like she had some sort of power straddling him, taking control of their movements. Tilting her hips, the trail of hair on his lower abdomen tickled her body in all the right ways. She kisses him deeply, driving him inside her again and again. Her own movements became desperate as she clung to her shoulders and he suckled at her breasts. 

"My beloved, I missed you so much. I love you." He buried his face in her shoulder. Volencia knew those words weren't really for her, but they made her heart swell none-the-less. Her hands tightened in his hair as she rode him, racing toward the precipice her body desired most. When she clung to him, her body rippling with spasms as she felt like she was exploding from the inside out. He growled low in her ear, prolonging the explosion as his body moved much like the first time, claiming and taking her as he needed. When he found his release, they didn't move from that spot. Clinging to each other, panting. He looked up at her, those swirling silver vortex eyes seemed to look right through her. "Was that better?" He asked messaging her back as she relaxed against him. 

"Yes. That was incredible. I had no idea anything could feel that amazing." This seemed to passify him as he laid them both down carefully so that he didn't slip out. He kept her wrapped in his arms as they laid there in the dark together. 

As Volencia slipped to sleep, she thought; Apparently, heroes do show up with no prerequisites to save Princesses from bag guys. They may not always be princes, but she couldn't have had a better hero woven from starlight and sculpted to suite her every need. This was perfection.
 
###chapter Twelve
"No!" Volencia heard a hiss, which pulled her from the deepest sleep she could remember. She had made love to the most amazing elf. The type of whirlwind romance Ephira herself would have envied. Feeling the covers pull away from her, and the shocked intake of breath, had her mind in a frenzy. Something was wrong. Then there was a flurry of movement which roused her in a jumble of arms and legs. "How in the Goddess's name!" 

"Hero?" She said, sitting up to rub at her eyes. "Are you okay?" 

"No. No no no no." He kept backing away from her until he went over the side of the bed in a heap of blankets and flailing arms and legs landing with a loud thump. Volencia cringed, his emerald eyes wide with panic, making enough noise to startle half the castle.

It took her a moment to register what was happening. "What are you-" her hands flew to her mouth, "Oh no." Since Damion pulled all the blankets off the bed, she grabbed a pillow, covering herself. She peeked over the side of the mattress. He was laying there with his hands covering his face. "Are you okay?" 

As the morning light spilled over him, she admired the ripple of muscle on his chest and skin. Though she'd notices the scars on his sides, chest, arms and back, they were even more noticeable now. She wondered what happened to him. Her heart hammered in her chest. How could she possibly be so careless with him and his feelings. This wasn't the type of person she was. 

His fingers parted so she could see his emerald eyes peeking though at her. "Please, please tell me we didn't?" The silence that followed his statement made clear what he was referring to. Why hadn't she and Hero been more careful? Her heart pounded. In the heat of the moment, they had forgotten about everything else. She felt heat rising from her belly to the top of her head. Not knowing what to say, she remained silent. "Oh Goddess. What I have I done?" He pulled the blanket up over his face, and she could hear him mumbling into it, but couldn't make out what he was saying. 

Volencia cleared her throat in the stretch of silence that followed. "You rescued me from a fate worse than death." She whispered. "I gave you what they would have stolen. It was beautiful. Possibly the best night of my life."  

Damion shot to a sitting position. "The best night of your life? How?" He looked genuinely horrified. "What happened?" 

Kicking her feet over the side of the bed, she pressed the pillow to her chest and thighs. His eyes ran over her, his face going bright red before focusing on the blanket. "Well, what's the last thing you remember?" She tried to act casual. 

"I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude. I know I asked, but could we get dress?" 

"Of course." She nodded. "Your clothes are near the tub in the changing room." She pointed at the half ajar door behind her. 

His eyes closed slowly, and he pinched the bridge of his nose. Swallowing hard. He struggled with the blankets, making sure they were securely wrapped around him before disappearing into the adjacent room. Volencia tossed the pillow aside. Standing to see if she could find anything in the room to cover up with. She had thought there was a point when she had her robe out the night before, but she wasn't finding it. When he came back out, she was bent overlooking to see if it had been kicked under the side of the bed. He was fully clothed, and she was standing there, as naked as a newborn babe. Damion walked right up to her, surprising her as he draped the robe around her shoulders.

"I'm sorry if I seem fuddled." His brow drawn and distressed. 

Volencia nodded. The way he avoided looking at her made her want to cry. She had known he wouldn't remember. She knew he would be upset. But it hurt deep in her chest. The sky beyond the window was starting to lighten into dawn. She wondered if she would feel better about all this with more sleep, she was still so tired. 

He perched on the edge of a chair, looking very much like he would be ready to run at any moment. "I'm sorry. I really, truly am. But the last thing I remember was watching that monster unbuckle his belt and pressing his foot into your back. I remember the anger that filled me and then there's nothing."

Purposely choosing the closest seat beside him, she recounted the entire evening. From the armistice, to the books, the Temple, and everything after. Sparing him the details of what they did together. When she told him about how Hero had mentioned he would be upset, his eyes flashed with anger. At the same time, she broke down into tears. She explained her feelings, the way he held her. Everything. She had been alone for so long, as had he. They both needed to feel something, maybe it was a need for anything. To be skin to skin, to feel cared for. Their aloneness had been too much for either of them to bare. "But now it just feels so much worse. I thought it would be enough. I just don't want to go back to being alone." She sobbed, unable to stop herself. 

Damion listened. Occasionally covering his face. His jaw clenching and unclenching. The only times he met her eye was when she mentioned the books and how she wanted to find the Samanthians to help translate them and then again when Hero originally told her no. When she broke down, he was kind enough to wrap his arm around her shoulder and hold her. He soothed her back, and whispered kindly, easing her fear and worry. 

"I know what it is like to feel alone. Don't worry, I won't make you go through that now. I'll help in any way I can." He assured her. 

A knock on the door made them both jump. Volencia looked at the window, this would be the normal time for her hand maiden to come to the room to see if she was ready to get dressed and what she would like for breakfast. Damion went ramrod straight, his arms falling from around her as he stared down at his boots. 

"It's probably just Trisha. She'll want to help me get dressed and bring up food." His eyes darted quickly from her to the bed, where a red stain told the story of what happened the night before. The door opened before she was able to react. 

"Good morning, Princess, I wasn't expecting-" she trailed off the moment she saw Damion sitting in the room, so close to her. Her eyes bounced to the bed, and immediately to the ground. "you to have company. My apologies for barging in." She curtsied. "Before I leave you, will you be needing my assistance to help you bathe and dress this morning? And would you like me to bring up some food?"

 "I would appreciate your help in the changing room." Volencia bounced to her feet, pulling a blushing Trisha into her dressing chamber, closing the door behind her. 

"Are you safe Princess? Do I need to call for help?" Her eyes were wild with concern. 

###chapter Thirteen
"No! No." She shook her head, taking Trisha's hands into her own. "He rescued me yesterday. Everything that happened from there was by my choice. I just need to be quiet about all this, please." 

"You let him?" Trisha pushed open the door a crack and looked out. Damion looked over unimpressed, raising a brow at the door.

"Stop it." Volencia closed it again. 

"He is incredibly handsome. But so serious, especially considering." 

Volencia went to her favorite wardrobe, "I need to pick something out that's simple and nice. Not too overwhelming." 

Trisha nodded eagerly. "I think this one will do you well." She pulled out a simple white dress. It was layered with a hem around the neck, bell sleeves, and adorned in silver lace, but otherwise was simple. "And these." There were a set of matching white shoes that had small silver embroidery to match. Volencia nodded, pulling the robe from her shoulders. Trisha eyed the tub, "I don't mean to pry, but who filled the tub for you last night? I just want to make sure any questions that may come to light are snubbed out quickly." 

"He did." Volencia nodded to her room. "His magic is incredible." 

"It would have to be to take on the entire Council." She agreed. "Okay, that is something I can take care of then. I'm going to take the sheets off your bed and burn them." 

"Folk will talk" Volencia worried her lip between her teeth. 

	"No. Folk will understand when I tell them you were tired and dirty after the day you had.  That you fell into bed too exhausted to care. If anyone questions the blood, there was an injury left untreated from the abuse you took. Which has since been taken care of. They are offensive now that they are marred, and everything that was on the bed is to be burned." Trisha finished lacing up the back of her dress and nodded solemnly. "No one will speak of this. And if they do, rest assured, I will put any rumors to rest." 

Trisha continued to work on Volencia's hair, even added a touch of paint to her eyes and lips. She didn't want to make Volencia's cheeks any redder with the frequency in which she was blushing. Trisha was quick when working to get her hair finished. She didn't bind it in tight braids like usual, to keep it out of her way. No, today, she simply had just two braids holding the hair tight around her head bound at the nape of her neck, letting the rest of her hair fall around her. Her hair was never loose making it feel even more strange. 

"There. Now, if this doesn't put a smile on his face after last night, I might be forced to box his ears." Trisha's laugh tinkled quietly though the small room.

Volencia felt tears sting her eyes. "Can I tell you something in full confidence?" She turned her eyes up to Trisha. Who nodded, the laughter falling from her face as she looked at her Princess's worry. "I have been alone here for a long time. I have been terrified of what yesterday was going to bring since I can remember. I was weak and stupid, and I let that interfere with how I treated him. What I did hurt him. I was warned it would. A few hours and glasses of wine later, I stopped caring about anything. All I wanted was him. He told me his story, and we had so much in common. The little touches turned to sweet kisses, he told me he wouldn't be able to resist. He didn't, but I feel awful because I knew better. Now he feels like I took advantage of him." 

"You can't take the blame if he can't resist." 

"Even if he wasn't in his right mindset to make the decision? More like, someone else was making the decision for him?" Volencia wrung her hands in her lap. 

"Nothing about that would be okay, Princess." Volencia nodded in resignation. She knew what she did was wrong. "Why would you do this?" 

Shrugging, she wiped at her tears. "Like I said, I wasn't thinking. There's no excuse I can give, I just didn't want you to think less of him if he seems angry with me. I deserve it." 

Trisha nodded, messing with her skirts. "You do. I won't deny that. But I can't imagine the type of stress that you must be under, even still feel, after everything you've faced. It is likely harder still to have him approving it, standing before you, even if you knew he wasn't really in control of such decisions. Magic is confusing at best, and this makes no sense to me at all. I hope he doesn't think less of you considering the circumstances. I don't believe you would never hurt anyone on purpose." She touched Volencia's cheek, "And I think with all the pain you had, and the fear you've felt, was why you were easily pulled into this bad decision. I'm sorry you've had to deal with all this." 

Volencia stood, pressing on her skirts. When they went back to her room, Damion was standing with his legs straight his hands wrapped around the toe of his boot and his head was making slow movements with his chin ducked toward his chest. Despite their reentry, he didn't bother cutting the stretch short. Volencia stood quietly and Trisha set herself to collecting the offensive sheets. 

Making a slow walk of his hands up his leg, he straightened to standing, finally looking her way. "Sorry. My whole body aches. I was hoping stretching my muscles would help." 

"Did it?" She asked curiously. 

"No." He frowned. Trisha quickly asked if there was anything either of them wanted for breakfast, but they didn't have any special request, so she left to get whatever was hot and ready. 

"I am sorry. I never meant to hurt you." Volencia said into the silence that swallowed them when Trisha left. 

"I know." He sat again. "It just complicates everything. Of all the things I thought would happen yesterday, this option never came to mind." 

"We don't have to tell anyone. And I'm hoping you'll let me make it up to you." She sat beside him and he shifted so he was facing her.

"I don't lie well. If the question arises, I will be honest." His emerald eyes seemed worried. 

	"I won't lie. I just have no intention of telling anyone about it freely." She touched his knee, "The only person who has a right to know who I'm spending time with is my father, King Venron. So, it makes it easy. He's cursed and won't be asking questions."

Damion snorted, his hand grazing the sword that was leaning up against the chair beside him. "That's an ironic statement." He sighed. "Would you like to know why this puts me into such a precarious predicament?" She nodded. "Four days ago, my dad made a request of me. He had learned that the daughter of his childhood friend was in trouble. I was adopted by the Samanthians, and being the only elf, made me the only one who could come. I was supposed to wait for trouble to start somewhere in the city and follow it. Imagine when I realized it was the elf I'd met at the fountain that very morning?" 

"Your parents are Samanthians?" 

He nodded. "They'll be none too please to know about what happened last night. Being care takers for the Temple of Ephira, they believe in the sanctity of such relations. That it should only take place between two folk who truly love each other and want to spend the rest of their lives together. If they knew" 

"No oh no, Damion, I'm so sorry." She went to reach for him, but the way his eyes panicked following her hand, made her stop. Every time she went to touch him, he looked at her like she was a snake to strike. She turned away trying to hide the hurt and tears in her eyes.

He nodded, "To add that little extra layer of fear, I'm supposed to go to your father, now that you are safe, and start the work I need to do to remove the curses from him. My parents were hoping your father would be so impressed with me, that he would find me a job. To help me buy new blood for out livestock. Possibly even some fabrics for clothes. Even just simple items to make life easier." 

"All of this can still happen. I can make it right with you. You rescued me and saved my folk. You didn't deserve what I did to you. But I need your help. I cannot do this alone." She rung her hands in her lap. "The other you said that I should bring you with me to the Temple of Ephira. He thought maybe you would want to help. That we should work together." Her lips pressed together as Trisha came up with a tray heavy with food, two cups of milk and a tea pot. 

###chapter Fourteen
Volencia invited him to sit at the table across from her. "I want to give you a job. I want you to be my protector. I want you to train me how to use my magic and how to fight." He nibbled on a fruity tart, looking it over. Realizing he'd probably never had one before surprised her. 

He poured a cup of tea for both of them but sipped at his milk while waiting for it to cool. "And your father will be okay hiring me?" He asked, sounding skeptical. 

Volencia bristled, her hand dropping away from her mouth as she was about to pop a small piece of fruit into it. "I don't need his permission to hire a protector for myself. And I don't need his approval." She felt her back straighten and her chin rise. 

The corner of his mouth quirked up, a shadow of the smile he had the morning before playing there. "I don't know. I'm guessing you don't like when folk assume you need permission? I'm just asking because my dad said I should reference the King in all decisions. The rules are much simpler in Samanthia, there is little room for misinterpretation." 

"I've been running this kingdom without need of his wisdom for a long time. I don't need him now." She took a sip of her tea to calmed herself. "Though I will be grateful to have him back. To be able to speak with him, and learn from him. I'm not upset that you are going to try to give him back to me, I just I'm tired of folk assuming that because I am female, I don't have a mind of my own or the wit to decide for myself." She broke a biscuit in half, dipping it in her milk before taking a bite. 

Damion cleared his throat, his smile widening. "I never thought anything of the sort. You clearly have your wit. And I've never seen bravery like you showed yesterday. You begged for amisty for your folk but not yourself." He blushed, looking away. "I only meant that with waking your father from the bindings holding him, he's not going to come out angry about my being here, or think it's inappropriate to have a male protector?" 

"I can't imagine what he would have to be angry about? I've just never had anyone I trusted enough to ask."  

"Then why trust me? You don't even know me." 

She placed the wooden rose on the table between them, "A reminder that things we think are just normal reaction can be construed as heroism." She smiled. "You jumped up to help an old woman who had nothing to offer you. You came to my rescue, having your own agenda to worry about, and risked your life for me. You didn't even know my name." 

"Still don't." He mumbled. 

"You've shown your true character more in the last day than most ever do in their lives. I would risk having you as a protector over anyone else. And my apologies, my name Volencia." 

"Thank you, Princess." He smiled. It wasn't deep enough to show his teeth or dimple, but it was enough for now, considering what they'd been through together.

Damion didn't look back at her, instead focusing on his food. The quiet surrounding them didn't seem as stiff or awful this time. Their eyes fluttered around the room and each other like an intricate dance. Their lips joined in a small smile here, the way he licked a drip of honey where it clung to the edge of his lower lip. Her mind wandered to the night before, and she wanted to desperately to pull him into her arms and show him how wonderful it had been. 

Sitting in silence together, and the way their bodies spoke to each other seemed incredibly intimate. Before she'd finished her tea, her whole body tingled with desire. She closed her eyes, bringing herself back to what they had been talking about. Hoping the thought of business would put her emotions back into check. 

"Okay, so I'm thinking I should pay you two gold pieces a fortnight. A total of four for every turn of the moon. If you would be willing to be my protector, as Gregron is for my father. Plus teach me how to use my magic and fight." 

"Is that a normal pay for something like this? Our village doesn't use any form of money, so I don't know the price of salt here in the city." 

"Gregron gets paid this same amount, and your job would very much mirror his. So, you should make the same amount. I also want you to help me with everything Hero talked about yesterday, and-" 

"I don't like that you call him that." His green eyes were hard when they looked back up at her. "That was what I called you when we first met. Remember?" 

"I do." She nodded. "I'm sorry, the turn of events at the time I started calling him that. It was supposed to be endearing to our meeting and how things unfolded. I wasn't trying to be rude. Do you have something you'd prefer?" She watched him over the edge of her teacup. 

"How about Ghost? We don't know anything about him. Who he is? Where he is?" He looked like he wanted to say more, but chose not to, instead grumbling under his breath.

She tucked the name Hero away in her heart sadly, remembering how proud he'd been when she first called him that. Certainly, it wasn't important enough to upset Damion over it any more than he already was. If she hadn't been so careless with his feelings, she wondered if he would bother over the name at all. 

"She nodded, Ghost it is then." She gave him an encouraging smile, hoping he would understand that all she wanted was to make things right. The more they talked, the more she found they were leaning in toward each other, making eye contact more than briefly, and even inching their chairs closer to one another. It happened the same way last night with him. It hadn't only been Hero she'd felt that physical pull toward, just being near Damion, she wanted to touch him.

Once breakfast was finished, they parted ways. Damion wanted to bathe, and she needed more sleep. Since her bed had been relieved of any blankets, she took a throw blanket from the back of her sitting couch and curled up on it. It was a comfortable place to rest, as the cushions felt like they were wrapping around her and holding her. She drifted off into peaceful dreams, where silver eyes twinkled down at her, and soft lips claimed her fully. 

###chapter Fifteen
	Loud noises were coming from the hall pulling her from the sweetness of her dreamscape. Her body tingling. She wasn't ready to wake. For a moment she rolled over, pressing her face into a pillow that still smelled of campfire and mint. They were officially her new favorite fragrance. She giggled at her own silliness. 

	"I demand it!" someone screamed from outside her chamber. 

	Volencia shot up, staring at the door. There was more talking, but whoever was responding to the shouter, was being quiet, and she couldn't hear them. She moved across the room silently. 

	"You can demand anything you want until your face turns purple, but I'm not letting you in this room." She heard Damion's voice, soft and steady, on the other side of the door. 

	"What are you trying to hide from us, tell us what happened after the two of you left." 

	"I will not. You will wait until the Princess is ready to meet with you. I will not wake her at your request." 

	"You must. The King demands it." There was some shuffling, "You pushed me, that can be seen as a threat." 

	"So can trying to force yourself into the Princess's bedchamber while she's asleep." Damion growled. "And if the King wants something, he has a voice to request it." 

	Volencia clicked the lock on the handle of the door nob. It was cold in her hand as she turned it open, peeking out. "It's about time you decided to join the waking world." Lock sniffed down his nose at her. Some of tension left her father's face, though there was barely any noticeable change. 

	"Hm, well, if I recall, I haven't slept in days," she muttered, "for obvious reasons. This is the first real rest I have had in a long time. What is so important, that you have to come harass us?" Damion stepped to the side, allowing her out of the room, and closed the door behind her. Gregron and Damion stood almost shoulder to shoulder. She'd never met anyone who even came close to his size, so seeing Damion standing beside him, a hair taller, was strange. 

 "We are here to discuss options with your father about your newest betrothal. We have come up with something we believe will make him very happy." 

"I already told them I felt it would be best for them to come back when you are rested and have had a moment to speak with your father about everything that happened yesterday." Damion nodded at them both. When Claven stepped forward, Damion pulled his sword placing the blade against Claven's chest. "Take another step-" 

"Damion, please." Volencia reached out. Touching his hand and forcing the sword away. "But you get within arms reach of me, either of you, and I will deem it a threat. I will let him kill you." 

"Regardless of anything else, it is customary to allow your guests to stay with you while we work out the newest agreements for a betrothal. Since your last fiancé met such an untimely death. We wouldn't want to do any irreparable damage to the already stringent alliance with Belodia." Damion snorted as Claven gave a wide, arching bow. Volencia was sure it was meant to mock her. 

Every eye turned on Damion, except hers, which remained on Lock and Claven. She had absolutely no intention of letting them out of her sight. "Fine. I will speak with you about this impending betrothal. But what I say goes, and in the end-" Volencia turned on her heals, starting down the hall. 

"You know your father will speak for you." Lock laughed. Damion clearly meant to stay behind them, which made her more comfortable since it was appropriate for her to lead her guests. 

"No, he will not." She turned on her heals, stomping back toward them. All their eyes went wide. Except Damion who gave her a small, reassuring smile. "Not unless you release him from his bindings and allow him to speak freely of his own accord without your puppet strings forcing whatever nonsense you want on him. If you'd rather I chose a male to speak for me," she waved her arm at Damion who lifted his right eyebrow curiously at her, "then I have chosen. He is officially on my ledgers as of this morning as my protector. Which means, if I am unable to speak on my own behalf, then it's his job now." 

She knew they hadn't spoken about that little fact of becoming a protector for a royal family member, or anything else required of the position, but Damion's face didn't give away that he'd had no idea. Instead, he smiled at the elves. "I would prefer to advise that we go somewhere more private, so that we can actually take a seat and talk like the fine folk we are." Damion waved a hand at Volencia, who raised her chin and stomped through the hall again. 

"Oh, she's got fire in her veins today." Claven whispered to Lock, as they followed behind Volencia, who had calmed enough to pull her father's arm into hers and was now speaking at a low level with him. "When someone as cowed as she was yesterday suddenly finds such flame, it does make one wonder what changed?" 

Damion glared at them when they turned to look at him, but headed up the rear, Gregron marching beside him. They were talking in the back, but Volencia couldn't hear them from here and chose to ignore it. The had to go nearly all the way around the castle to get to her father's study. Leaving behind the private rooms in the east wing towers, down through the main level until they reached the west wing. A guard opened the large mahogany door, his eyes following them in before closing it behind them. 

Venron immediately took his seat beside the hearth. A large leather chair with mirrored pins pushed into the fabric. Originally purchased from the Chiaro Isles in the South. Gregron stood to Venron's right. Dressed in the grandeur of his General title, he struck an impressive image. Volencia moved more slowly into the room. She hadn't had time to give Damion any instruction as to what he should do or how to act and worried at her lip. 

Choosing the seat across from her father, Damion placed himself in the same relative spot to her as Gregron had to Venron. His clothes were simple and worse for the wear after yesterday; but standing beside her she thought he cut just as impressive a figure as Gregron. 

Of course, Lock and Claven would show up without introduction or warning, Volencia did not bother to wait until they sat first, as would have befitted guests of the King. It was her small way of making sure they knew they were not welcome here. Lock and Claven sat together on a large ornate sofa.

"Damion?" She turned her head speaking his name softly. 

"Yes, Princess?" He knelt beside her, his tone meeting hers, but his eyes were everywhere but on her. 

"Would you please ring to have someone come in to pour some drinks?" She was almost whispering because he was so close. The urge to reach out and touch his arm, which was now resting on the edge of her chair, was almost too much to bear. 

"Would it somehow be offensive if I just poured drinks myself?" He looked at the bar set up near her father's desk and then his green eyes met hers. He was close enough that she could smell the mint on his breath. 

"Not offensive, just weird." She wondered if he felt as breathless when they were this close as she did. 

He smiled warmly at her, "And what can I get for you?" 

Heat curled around in her belly, her hand fluttered near his arm, but fell to her lap as she said, "I'll just have a glass of wine. And my father and Gregron always have the whiskey out of the crystal decanter with the gold on it." His hand squeezed her shoulder gently as he stood. Her eyes followed him as he went to the bar. He poured and offered her glass first. 

"Not very hospitable, are we?" Lock frowned at the goblet in her hand. 

"Not to those who would steal my kingdom from beneath me. Nor those who come to my home to rape me in front of my folk and force me into their services." Her smile faded, as her eyes locked with his. She was in no mood to deal with him today. Damion delivered Venron and Gregron's drinks next. Gregron said something that made him chuckle before heading back to the bar. "To be quite honest, you've stated that you have a plan to keep the peace between Belodia and Thambair, but really, I'm not interested in the least." 

"You don't want to keep peace between our kingdoms?" Claven's words were pronounced but spoken softly into the room. His eyes narrowing at each of them in turn. 

###chapter Sixteen
"Your father agrees that we should keep the treaty, and since Larkisis is dead, Claven should take his place." Damion shoved Lock's drink at him hard enough to splash some onto his grey robes. If looks could kill, Damion would have a dozen daggers sticking out of him. 

He turned gracefully to Claven, holding his drink away from him. "And you agree the only way peace can be maintained is through this marriage?" Damion asked. 

"I'm not a fool. Peace can be subjective and there are, of course, other ways. However, this is the straightest line and most beneficial to everyone. I hold any further thoughts to myself to see what happens." Damion handed over the drink without fuss. Volencia had been excited to see him throw the drink in Claven's face. Instead, he returned to his post beside Volencia, crossing his arms. 

Lock cleared his throat. "Your father agreed already to the change of betrothed. There's nothing else to discuss, other than when and where you would prefer to hold the wedding. It may be in your best interest, considering yesterday, to have something public, so people don't start talking about you running off with a stranger, all alone." His eyes swept over Damion. "Considering everything, I would personally want to see whatever agreements you made with this heathen annulled. But it would be up to Claven to decide what to do with that." 

"I am aware that your Empirical Law states that a female is incapable of making her own decisions. I am also aware, that Thambair never agreed to these laws of our own free will. My father never agreed to any of it while of sound mind, and therefore, I will not honor it. You have the right to choose to bring this to war, and then I have the right to choose how to handle it from there. But I will not marry Claven. I am the true ruler of my Kingdom at this time, and I will not stand idly by and simply hand you the crown." 

"You listen here-" Lock jumped out of his chair, quickly closing the distance between them. Damion's arm went out. A warning not to get too close, his hand rested on the hilt of his sword. 

"That's enough. You will remain arms reach away, and if you take another step, you will be considered in breach of that agreement. Therefor we can construe the advance to be a threat." Lock took a step back, pushing the sword down. "Also, you will give our Princess her due respect."

"Venron." Lock commanded. "You agree Volencia should marry Claven in the wake of Larkisis's death, do you not?" 

Venron gave Lock an icy stare before nodding, "Yes, I agree." 

"See. Perfectly of sound mind." Lock's arm arched toward him as if that were all the proof he needed.

"Father. Venron, you agree Lock can marry Claven if he wants a wedding so badly, do you not?" 

For the first time Volencia could remember, Venron gave a shadow of a smile before saying, "Yes, I agree." 

Lock's smile vanished. She couldn't help but laugh, Damion and Gregron both cracked smiles. "How dare you, you stupid little whore." 

It wasn't Lock who was in danger of breaking the armistice this time. Damion was halfway to him, sword drawn, before Volencia threw her arms around his waist, pulling him back. "Don't!" She circled him, getting in front of him and pushing at his chest to force him back. "We can't be the ones to break the armistice." 

He stopped, pointing at Lock. "Then hear this; we will do what we must to meet the agreements of the truce. But that neither means you are welcome here, and it certainly means the Princess will not, under any circumstances marry into your Empire to be treated less than any normal folk deserves."

"The armistice itself demands that any previous agreements made must stand." Lock gave them all a wicked smile. 

"Then let us finish this now. We'll take your war today before she agrees. Not that I believe for a moment that she or her father ever willing agreed to any of this."  Damion's arm wrapped around Volencia's shoulders protectively. She curled deeper into his arms, reveling in having someone to lean on. The idea that she wasn't alone made all of this easier.

"After all this talk about not needing to hide behind a male, here you are letting him speak for you? It's our treaty. Do you deny me? Will you break the armistice?" Lock challenged, his look put her on edge. She needed the year, but it would all be pointless if she was locked away by a horrible husband. 

"I agree with his statement. I will take war today over a marriage I never agreed to." Volencia squared her shoulders, and looked up at Damion, hoping with all her being he really would stand by her. His eyes were dark, nothing like yesterday, his pupils looked like little pieces of coal, and the whites of his eyes were too small. All his focus was on Lock and Claven.

Anger flared around them. Like a child in the midst of a tantrum Lock screamed, stomping his feet. He knocked everything off the side table, where a lamp shattered on the floor. Steam might as well have been coming out of his ears. If she wasn't so afraid of them, she would have been tempted to laugh. Claven rolled his eyes, moving to stand beside Lock. "Well, that's embarrassing." He frowned watching Lock's ridiculous actions. "Anyway, that's not really part of the armistice, if you couldn't tell. Though we can come to annoy you all we want, welcomed or not. Instead, let me say this." His eyes flicked from Volencia to Damion. "Leave her to handle this on her own. You owe her nothing. Just met yesterday if what I saw was telling." Claven scratched at his chin. His voice lilting and full of promise. Volencia grabbed her skirts, her heart thrumbing painfully in her chest as he raised a brow looking down at Claven. "I'll pay you ten times her agreed price. If your name, Damion, tells me anything, it's that you were raised by the Samanthians. I'll provide them full amnesty. Either rebuild the Temple of Ephira, assuming you can find it, or Claglion. A whole city, all to themselves again. They can live happily under your rule. I'll give you full jurisdiction over them. I can off you any companionship you could want. Gold. Jewels. Even adventure if you prefer. Forget this child's play. I can give you so much more." 

Volencia's hand found his, entwining her shaking fingers through his. As she touched him, his dark eyes glanced down at her, unsmiling. She couldn't tell what he was thinking and was terrified he would accept this other offer. What did she have to offer him? No where near this much, and she needed him so much more. 

Claven put his hand into his robe, offering up a small envelope, holding it out to Damion. "You can even come see it all before you agree, Volencia is more than welcome also. I'm having the other Council members over for a meeting and dinner this next moon. Come and speak with them. Hear what our side really feels and thinks. It's not all that bad. I think you'll enjoy it." 

Damion took the invitation, pulling the wax seal away from the paper. Pulling the lavish card out, his muscles stiffened around Volencia. His eyes dulled. It looked like his pupils exploded in his eyes as the darkness filled their entirety from corner to corner. 

	Claven smiled, putting his hand against her cheek. "You enjoy. It's time we take our leave." 

	Lock was in complete control of himself, and the realization that all this was set up for this moment hit her. She didn't know what they did to Damion but didn't think it would be good for either of them. What she didn't understand was how they could do it. Damion started pacing back and forth, his hand weaving through his hair. 

	"Are you okay?" Volencia's heart pounded. She reached for the card, but he pulled away from her. 

	Gregron stepped forward, locking the door to the study. "There was a spell on the card." 

	"Damion?" He covered his face in his hands, and when he looked up at her, they were inky wells of nothing. The shine was gone, and they looked more like shadows than eyes. The veins around his eyes bulged, also turning black all around him.  "What is happening to him?" She gasped, watching as his hands clench and unclench as he paced back and forth, shaking his head like a wounded animal. 

***

*If you're enjoying the story so far, leave a comment and let me know what you think.*
###chapter Seventeen
"It's fine." He tossed the card onto the side table. "Don't touch that." Crossing his legs, he plopped down to the floor keeping his face covered. All around them, the air grew thick with the tingle of magic. Keeping his eyes covered his right hand dropped to the floor and started to trace shapes on the thick carpet. Volencia could hear him muttering under his breath. 

"What are you doing?" Gregron's eyes were narrowed at him, watching his hand move silently over the carpet. As the veins in Damion's arms grew dark, looking like broken black spiderwebs all over his skin. 

Damion took a deep breath, "Expelling magic." 

"What? I have nihility magic, and I've been around creation magic long enough to know what it feels like. This is not either." 

Damion only shrugged, not wasting his energy on explaining anything. They sat quietly, watching Damion work to control him magic, though why, Volencia wasn't sure. Normally, Gregron's face remained impassive and unreadable. But there was something different today. As if panic were starting to settle over him. His eyes were more wild than usual, his hand weaved through his hair more often. A nervous tick. Interestingly enough, she noticed Damion did the same thing. As time slipped away the black webbing across his skin started to fade, looking at first like bruises, until it finally tanned to his normal skin color. The tingle of magic in the air started the wain until he looked back up at them with a crooked smile. "Well, that was a nasty little trick." 

"I don't understand what happened." Volencia leaned over the card, looking at it. There was nothing strange about it's looks, but that didn't mean much. 

"It's a poison. Comes from the talbert plant. They grow close to my home, so I'm familiar with it. The oils on the leaves force magic out of you. It kinda feels like your blood is boiling, and the magic starts to overflow forcing it out." 

"I had no idea something like that even exists." Gregron crossed his arms over his chest. He gave Volencia a knowing look. 

"I touched the leaves accidentally the first time when I was just a stripling. I'd thought I was going to die. Since then, I've found it useful in certain doses for spells and potions. For those who have no magic, it increases the immunity in the body, which helps fight or stave off sickness. Very useful to my folk. After the original shield around the village failed, I had to work to keep it up. Using the talbert oils, I was able to draw on more magic when I was younger and was able to finally get to the point where I made a permanent shield that was able to hold." Damion kept looking over at Gregron. She could see the questions building up brick by brick in his mind. 

"What kind of magic do you have?" 

Damion cocked his head sideways, "Both. That's why I was able to expel the magic without actually using it. I let go of the creation magic and swallowed it back up with the nihility. I basically threw it into a void."

"I've never heard of such a thing." Gregron circled him, still sitting on the floor with his legs crossed underneath him. "I've never heard of anyone having both magics." 

Damion stood, hooking his thumbs in his pockets. "My parents hadn't either. You know, it's a little strange, don't you think?" 

"What?" Gregron asked. 

"That we look so much alike. It makes me feel like I'm looking in a mirror at an older version of myself. I feel like this isn't just a coincidence." 

The panic in Gregron's face increased, and for the first time Volencia had ever seen, he looked embarrassed. "There is an explanation. But it would be best to have King Venron be part of that conversation. Am I right in assuming you came here with the intention of trying to help him remove the curse?" 

Damion raised a brow at Volencia. "Oh no," shaking her head, her hands flew up in the air innocently. "I know nothing about any of this. It's all news to me." He nodded, excepting her answer before crossing his arms over his chest and going to stand in front of the cold hearth. 

"Are you my birth father?" Gregron stared at his back and shuffled nervously. "It's okay. I know my real mother died during birth, and overall, I had a happy childhood. Nothing you can say now will change that." 

Gregron got closer to Damion as if thinking about putting his hand on his shoulder. Venron hadn't moved in his chair at all. Still just watching with a glassy stare. Volencia perched on the sofa, shocked at what she was hearing. His hand lifted, but fell back to his side, as he turned away. 

"I'm not going to ask again and will be perfectly content to never speak of this after today." Damion's voice was chilling. She could tell there was anger stewing in him. 

"I think we should wait until the King can help explain." Gregron turned to face his King, clearly uncomfortable. 

"Your adversity to telling me makes me question why I don't deserve to hear it from you? Are you afraid if you tell me you abandoned me, I won't help you?" Volencia bristled, this was a question of Damion's honor as a person, he wanted the truth, despite anything else. Volencia was suddenly aware, he would not withhold his assistance regardless of what he was told, but it gave him an absolution to prove his merit. 

Gregron bristled at the comment, dropping into the chair beside Volencia. "The answer will illicit more questions which I won't be able to answer." Trying to ease his mind, Volencia put her hand on his shoulder, nodding, hoping he would be willing to open up. 

"You are right. I owe you what explanations I can give. Let me start by telling you how our race lives so you'll understand when I tell you, I don't know if I'm your father or not, I mean it." Damion's head turned slightly, acknowledging the statement, but didn't look directly at either of them. "We aren't called the Dark Hive for nothing. We have a Queen. Only she may give birth to the females of the tribe. If any others bare a female, it is to be offered up to the Gods. So all the females are sisters. There are enough of them to care for the boys we have. Your mother, at the time, was the youngest of the females who could carry. I was her first choice every time. They chose us, and we were quite simply happy to be chosen. Some of us never get the chance. Some of us were picked every night. I was among the later group. The fathers never matter to our people. The males labor, and the females raise the littlest until they can be taught. The oldest teach the youngest the easiest jobs until they can proceed to the next thing. A male's greatest achievement is making warrior young and staying there as long as possible. Warriors are claimed more often by the females. Your mother had a soft spot for me and I for her. The only time I wasn't with her is if someone older claimed me first or the Queen intervened. So, there is a chance I could be your father. But I could not tell you so for sure." 

Damion nodded. "Why did we end up here?" 

"Because of something written on a sacred wall I've never seen." He shrugged, "You were to be Brambee's first child. Something about the pregnancy had everyone spooked from the start. I remember one night your mother simply cried, all night long, after finding out they were going to kill you. She swore up and down that she knew you were special and that they couldn't. She begged me to run away with her for your protection. At first, I refused. Then Venron and Rosencia showed up. They tried to convince the Queen not to kill you. But when she refused to change her mind, they offered Brambee a safe place to come, where you would be happy. But she refused to leave me and I refused to leave. I blame myself for what happened to your mother. When she finally got me to leave, she was heavy with child. She wasn't strong enough for the long journey. We were found during labor, not too far from the Samanthian village. Venron brought Kirna to help. Rosencia was at home, that same day, giving birth to Princess Volencia. He tried to save your mother, but there was magic at work no one could understand.

Your mother was gone before you were free from the womb. I would have taken you with me, and we would have traveled the world, but I was never taught how to care for a child. Kirna tried to teach me, but we didn't see eye to eye. She thought I was a bad influence on the community. When she gave me her ultimatum of leaving you with her to grow up with a family or sending us out into unsafe territory, the only piece of my Brambee left to the world I didn't think I was better for you than Samanthia or Kirna. So, I left at her request. Alone and frightened, your father told me to come here and speak with Venron. Everyone said we would reunite again. So, I've waited." Silence enveloped them. Volencia had never known this story of Gregron. Never knew where he came from or why. It had never even occurred to her to ask. 

Volencia was captivated by the layers that continued to evolve around Damion. He stood still, staring at the cold hearth for a long time. The leather sofa beneath her creaked as Gregron fidgeted uncomfortably beside her. It was her father who stood placing his hand on Damion's shoulder. He didn't say a word, but it didn't seem he had to. Eventually, Venron went behind his desk plucking a book from the shelf and brought it to Damion. 

"Why would it have been dangerous to leave Samanthia?" Damion asked quietly, though the anger seemed to have fled.

"Because the Hive wanted you dead. Venron was concerned others may also try to hunt you down if they knew you existed. Samanthia was already hidden and protected. It made sense for you to stay there with them rather than taking such a chance with me." Gregron sighed, "I'm sorry." 

Venron went to stand beside Damion again, as he nodded his understanding. A book was held down at his side in between them. Outside the window, clouds rolled over the city turning the day dark. A storm was brewing, which always left Volencia on edge. Eventually, Damion reached down, plucking the book from Venron's grasp. From here, she couldn't tell which volume it was, but Damion's hand slid over the cover and a shadow of a smile graced his lips. 

"Thank you, Your Highness." Damion's hand rested on the King's shoulder a moment. "I'm sorry I cannot help you today. I need time to take this all in and do some thinking." 

They stood there in silence for a long time. Their silence was in someway a communication, in-and-of-itself. Venron eventually turned back to his chair, settling in, but now there was a sparkle in his eye. He looked more alive than he had in years.

"I'm going to head back to my room. I need time to think some things over." Damion said, cradling the book to his chest. Turning to look at Gregron, he gave a sad smile. "I don't blame you for any of this. Assuming everything you've told me is true, I have no doubt in my mind that you made the right decision in leaving me with my parents. And perhaps, it will set your mind at ease to know, I had a good childhood and have been happy." 

Volencia stood, straightening her skirts as his gaze settled on her. "Would you care for me to show you back upstairs to your room?" She asked.

"I would appreciate that, immensely." He smiled, but it felt sad. 

###chapter Eighteen
Over the course of the next moon, Damion grew more comfortable in Thambair with them. Gregron took him through the motions of what would be expected of him as her protector. He had abilities and responsibilities that would be considered inappropriate for any other male. He'd started meeting her privately for breakfast every morning. Checked to see if she would need him, they even sat for hours some sometimes while he read to her from the books they'd gotten from the temple. At least those she couldn't read herself. Even worked to teach her how to read them.

The book her father had given him highlighted a number of rare and hidden creatures or species. Many which had become things of legend and myth, like the Sand Dragons, Crinchaw, and Merfolk. But it also spoke about the Dark Hive, and Samanthians in the same vein, leaving her to wonder, were they really myth? She would have assumed the Dark Hive were too, not a moon ago if she hadn't known that's where Damion and Gregron came from. It was fascinating to have him read the information to her. She appreciated being able to spend time with him alone. And she loved the eagerness he had in learning more. He, too, had assumed many of these creatures were of myth, but was suddenly convinced, there may now be an option to prove they are real. Though the book didn't tell them were these creatures would be found. 

On the days she had nothing in particular going on herself, he would tell her what he hoped to accomplish for the day. Many days, it was him wanting to spend time in the library. Once he made an appearance with the troops, they became so impressed with his strange fighting style, Gregron asked if he would go to their daily training sessions to assist and show them his fighting techniques. He politely agreed to do what he could, but ultimately let her decide. The more time they spent together, the more Gregron approved of him. Though he was anxious to have Venron back, as was Volencia, but he was much more forthright with Damion about it. 

Volencia found she was content with just having him here with her. He explained what it was like back in Samanthia and Volencia wanted to go there desperately. When she asked, he was cordial, but made no promises. He did say that he would be going back soon, but never told her when. 

Though Damion usually went to her room for their meetings, she got annoyed when she went to his. Claven's invitation sat on his nightstand, open, showing the date as it grew ever closer. It was one of the few things they argued about. She wanted him to have nothing to do with the prince. He kept telling her had had no intentions of siding with Claven and that she shouldn't worry but hadn't decided he wasn't going to go. That was what bothered her. He argued he could learn a lot. What they knew, wanted, even knowing how they lived could help him.  Volencia didn't understand why he needed to know any of this. She hated it. Though she'd avoided saying anything more to him about it, worried the more she fought him on it, the more likely he'd be to go. 

"Volencia?" Her door opened slightly, and Damion poked his head in. "Sorry to just open the door," he took a step in when she smiled and waived, "We've eaten together every morning and I've knocked for a few minutes now." 

"I'm sorry, I was lost in thought. I didn't even hear you knocking." She was already sitting at the table, their usual meal spread before her. 

"Ah, what were you thinking about?" He didn't sit across from her as usual, this time he sat beside her. 

"Nothing, really." She blushed. 

He sipped his tea, smiling at her. "Do you have anything particular planned for the next few days?" He asked before taking a bite. His eyes sparkling. 

Volencia shook her head. "I haven't had anything to do for 50 years. I'm kinda new to the idea of freedom." 

"Good." He skootched his chair closer to her and leaned in. "I was thinking today would be a good day to see what we can do about your father. Gregron finally agreed to let me take you to Samanthia with me. So, we could be ready to go either tonight or tomorrow. I'm going to transfer the curse from him to my sword, then I have a place near home where it will be safe to expel it. I'm afraid to have it laying around too long."

Volencia nearly fell out of her chair as she jumped up and threw her arms around his neck. "Really? You're going to help my father and take me to Samanthia?" 

Damion wrapped his arms around her. "I was worried you would get angry if I tried to help your father and then left right away and didn't take you. I've been waiting for Gregron to approve you going with me. Hopefully your father doesn't disapprove right away when he can finally speak again. If he does, I'll still need to go myself. Just don't get mad if that happens, okay?" 

"I won't, I promise." Volencia kissed his cheek. "I had no idea that's what you were waiting for." 

Damion blushed, "I didn't want to say anything and get your hopes up. I didn't think he'd approve, but I didn't want to keep waiting either. I also didn't want you mad at them for saying no either. So, I've been bidding my time." 

"I knew there was a reason I like having you around." 

	He bit his lip, "I've enjoyed being around." His blush deepened as he focused on his breakfast. "I'm not going to lie, I'm excited for you to meet my family. I think you'll all really like each other." 

"If they're anything like you, I'm going to love them." She reached for her cup and Damion choked on whatever he had in his mouth. His blush only deepened. 

"You shouldn't say things like that." 

"What did I say?" 

"You'll love them" 

"I uh" It was her turn to blush. "That's not really what I meant. But, I mean, other than my parents, I've never been as close to anyone as I am with you. You're technically my first friend. So, it doesn't have to mean anything else." 

Damion gave her half a smile and nodded. They finished their breakfast in a comfortable silence. "I'm going down to practice. I'm doing the first hour of training and then we'll go see your father before lunch. I'll probably use too much energy and sleep for most of the day. Can you just make sure my sword stays safe?" 

"Of course. Mind if I come watch training today?" 

"Not at all. I don't get what is so interesting though."

###chapter Nineteen 
She was glad he wasn't paying much attention. She suddenly felt really hot. He often practiced without his shirt and watching him fight was amazing. He was amazing. She learned a lot too. He always spoke to the others with such care and made sure they understood what he was saying. "One of these days, I'm going to convince you I should train to fight too." 

"Oh, you will. I just want to get your father on board. Though I'm not expecting a battle there." He flashed her a smile and offered her his arm as they walked through the palace. Damion left her on the field as he went to the armory for a fake sword. As usual, when she came down with him, he left his sword with her. Today, her father sat on the bench she usually watched from. 

"Oh, I wasn't expecting you here." His ice blue gaze met her eyes, but as usual there were no words. "Did you know Damion is finally going to see if he can release you from the curse?" His mouth twitched into a near smile. Volencia reached out, covering his hand with hers, "He's also asked Gregron if I could accompany him to Samanthia. I'm hoping you'll let me go?" As that smile deepened, her heart soared. Squeezing his hand, she went quiet as Damion walked out onto the field, holding a long stick.

	"I asked you all to be prepared for this. I presume you are." The hundred men standing before him called out, each one brandishing a similar stick. "Good. We're going to see how you fight an opponent with a better weapon than you. Cunning and wit are important in this exercise. When it's your turn, you will need to be able to move faster and think faster than the man with the sword. Gregron, if you don't mind?" 

The Captain of the Guard stepped forward, training sword in hand. The men cheered for their favorite. Usually, most cheered for the Captain, but today, many cheered for Damion. 
 
Gregron moved first. The fight looked like an intricate dance every time they lunged. Neither of them ever won though. They usually only went on for a few minutes until they switched places. Gregron wasn't as versed with the switch and struggled. There was a moment when Damion took three quick advances and Gregron nearly lost his footing and Damion held up his hand. "Alright. This is a quick move where you may have a hard time blocking. Keep in mind, they'll have steel." He handed his sword to Gregron, taking the weapon from him. "I want you to advance. No mercy. They should know this is real." 

Nodding, Gregron advanced. After a few quick jabs, he advanced. Damion blocked two before feinting the opposite way. With the advance already on, Gregron didn't have a chance to redirect and Damion ended up at his back. When he hooked Gregron's legs, taking him down. He made a show of fake whacking him in the throat before turning to the crowd. 

"This is not your only move, but it's a personal favorite. Remember, I live with Samanthians, they are larger than you and your opponent will be expecting this. If you pull this off, I'll be impressed, if you find another opening, I'll be double impressed. Pair off." 

As his contingents partnered up, Damion ran over to them, something he didn't normally do when she was watching alone. "I told you I could fight like a Samanthian. I hope this eases your mind." Her father held out his hand and Damion took it. "Good." He smiled, nodding to Volencia before trotting off after his group. 

"You seem to have a system with him. He understands you in a way I cannot." Volencia looked at her father. He squeezed her hand, but barely looked at her. "Did you love my mother?" As his hand squeezed hers, she realized what Damion had figured. They were communicating. In a way Volencia had never even thought of. Not until Damion showed up. 

"Did I do the right thing with them? A month has already passed and I'm scared." Venron squeezed her hand again, also turning those cold blue eyes on her. She was sad she hadn't thought of doing this earlier. "Thank you." She whispered, wiping away the start of tears in her eyes. Her stomach started to roll, and she pressed her hand to it, trying to calm her nerves. 

Her father's head turned forward toward the fighting again. Gregron and Damion wove between the men, a few times, his eyes wandered back to her, a smile playing at his lips. 

The Captain and Damion watched each pair individually, some numerous times. Damion cut an impressive figure, walking around his men wearing no shirt, just a towel he would wipe himself with here and there. Gregron rarely worked outside his uniform, but today was different. Both had scares, but the elder's were far worse. None of the soldiers that were commanded here were seasoned, so they only bore the bruising from their peers, or what their Captain had done to them. Sometimes, Damion would jump in to spare with them, and show them what they could do, or what they did wrong. Just watching him teaching them helped her understand fighting better. 

When one particular young soldier lost with his switch numerous times, Damion went to him to offer advice. It wasn't received well. Throwing his like a javelin, his voice rose above the hum of battle. "This is stupid! We are elves in the royal army learning to fight like heathens. It's pointless to learn to fight with a damn stick. You say it's in case we lose our weapon, but no good soldier will just lay down his blade during battle. This stupid wooden board wouldn't do much against cold hard steel anyway." 

Damion cocked his head to the side, his eyes trained coldly on the boy. He was even younger than she and Damion, who only shrugged. "Then leave this training. If you feel it's barbaric and unnecessary. It is your Captain who requested I come here for you in the first place." 

The boy waived him off, walking back toward the barracks. A few others dropped their weapons to join him. "He only wanted to show off without a shirt in front of our Princess anyway." 

"Before you go," Damion leaned on his switch, looking unimpressed, shaking his head, "I'll have you know. I go shirtless so that you can see these scars. Proof I'm not an untested child, as many of you see regardless. I'm not much older than many of you, younger in some cases. But not untested. Tell me, Tatron, have you ever woken in the middle of the night to your family and friends screaming? Watching them bleed to death in your arms?" He started pacing, and more than half the company was enthralled. 

Those that were walking away with Tatron stopped, dead hold, turning. 

"That's what I woke up to. We'd trained every day. With swords, bow and arrow, dagger, knives, spears, everything we had." He paused, his back to them. When he finally turned, there was fire in his eyes. "Yet, in the night, when we least expected it, our shield failed." He threw the towel into the dust at his feet. "That was the night I gained many of these." He pointed to the scars, "Night creatures, the like of which have had grown men piss themselves. They were upon us. The warriors from our village were on a hunt, so we were all that stood against them. I was a child. My brother also a child. We fought. There was no time to get to our weapons. No time to find a safe hold. It was now or death. I watched women and children younger than myself fight for their lives. I watched them die slow deaths. You know what my most valuable weapon was?" 

Many of the men shook their heads. Tatron stopped walking, nearly to the barracks. 

"Logs. Sticks. Most half burned. My brotheren and I stood against those monsters and we saved the village. Our houses burned, our village destroyed and in the middle of a forest with nowhere to run. No weapons were attainable that night, tucked safely in my bed. I was well younger than anyone of you standing here now with me. So, when I tell you, you must be prepared for anything, I do not lie. We learned. Just as your Captain," He waved his arm at Gregron who nodded, standing stiff and firm as ever, "wants you to learn." 

Tatron crossed his arms, smiling. "You learned how to use sticks against mice. Here we're learning to fight armies. We're not children." 

"No. You're not." Damion nodded, taking his switch in hand. "But I'm ready. Go. Get your steel. If you do, you had best come at me with all you've got. For I promise you, it will not be enough." As he walked into the training field, he dropped his weapon at his feet and turned. Yelling at the men. "If he does not come at me, one of you others should. We'll see what it looks like to fight steel against wood." He turned, sitting in the dirt, his back to the others the switch laying out of arms reach, 

The soldiers talked; someone would need to try to fight him. To leave such an easy challenge left un-called, would be shameful to all of them in turn. Gregron motioned to them, awaiting someone who would step up. Tatron threw his training sword down. "You want someone? I'll do it. We'll prove who can do better." He stomped toward a young soldier who had a sword at his hip, 

Volencia put her hands to her mouth and gasped. "This can't be right or safe." Venron's hand turned up. If it was something he had done in the past, she'd not noticed before. Grabbing her hand in his, he squeezed again, apparently believing in Damion more than she did. So, she watched. Waiting. Afraid. 

Damion simply waited. 

Tatron drew his sword. Walking toward Damion. Gregron threw an arm out. "You didn't know this, but he did something similar with me, it's the reason I wanted you all to train with him. Your reach won't be as long as his, keep that in mind as you fight him." 

Volencia yearned to yell at Gregron, to tell him not to say anything more. She didn't though. He took on the Council and won, she had to believe he knew what he was doing. For the first time, Tatron looked nervous. 

Clamping his fist, he made his way toward Damion. As he closed in, Damion stood. His hands in his pockets. "I was trying to give you a chance to sneak up on me. But stomping around like that is no way to do it." 

"You think you're quick. But you don't stand a chance." 

The smile that crossed Damion's face took Volencia's breath away. It was the same smile he wore the day he faced the Council. Terrifying in its own right.

###chapter Twenty
Tatron roared, charging. He jumped toward Damion, quickening his attack, swinging the sword down on his opponent. Damion moved so quickly; she didn't even see him grab the switch that had been at his feet moments before. When the sword came down, it lodged in the wood lengthwise, cleaving the switch in two about a quarter of its length. If the sword had made contact, there was a good chance he could have lost an appendage or his life. However, he twisted the switch around, topsy-turvy, forcing Tatron off balance, who landed hard in the dirt Damion gained full control of his sword, and pulled the steel from the switch. He didn't smile or gloat. Instead, he tossed it at Tatron, stepping back, ready for another attack. 

"Even if I only use a stick once to disarm my enemy, I've not only gained the upper hand by taking you off your feet, but I've also gained your weapon. If you learn nothing else today, learn that. Any item, to a good warrior, can be used in battle. I once used bramble and stuffed it in the nasal cavity of a night creature, sending it into a flurry. Once it was focused on that, it was easier to take down. That is our purpose here today. But feel free to continue if you think that was a cheep shot." Damion wasn't just standing anymore, his feet were spread, knees bent, ready for an attack. 

Tatron looked down at his sword, as if in shock, and picked it up slowly. Damion had the switch, the part that had been cleaved, resting on his shoulder, the bottom held just above the dirt, and his other hand held out before him. "Why do you stand like that?" Tatron asked, rounding Damion, readying himself. 

"Knowing your weapon, and what you can do with it is imperative. Such as knowing that my best chance at throwing you off right now are large flashy movements you wouldn't have seen before, because ranged weapons are rarely used here. The way I'm holding my weapon now, allows me to be preemptive on your strikes. Another thing many of you lack is the ability to use both arms, so if I can throw you off further by switching from a one-sided attack or block to the other, I gain the advantage. My final objective this time around is to keep you further away. Though I have other moves that will allow me to take your weapon, my best option is to maintain the integrity of my switch, which has already been compromised. This is my main concern when it comes to having the inferior weapon. Yours will last, mine will not. Before it loses all constitution, I need to make sure I take your weapon again." 

"Do you always tell your secrets to your foe?" Tatron went in for an attack, which Damion side stepped, his own weapon catching his opponent behind the knee, sending him stumbling. 

He shook his head. "Talking throws, you off too. You think too much." Just as Tatron gained his feet and started to circle again, Damion feinted left, then grabbed the switch and spun it into his other hand. Tatron blocked it but left his back open to attack with the move. In one deft move, Damion caught Tatron's belt between the broken end of the switch, and had him locked too far for his sword to be of use. Because the stick was at his back, Tatron struggled to get it off him. "Trapping you with my weapon and keeping you at bay something your sword would never be able to do." 

	"What the hell!" Tatron fought against him. 

"From here I can either throw you or pin you. Either way, you get hurt and I get the advantage again. Or you can take off your belt, try to throw me off, now that I think I have you, and try to win back the advantage." 

"I can't get that if you are already thinking about it." Tatron did as he said though. The clasp came off hard, and the belt slid out. "Now stop talking so much." 

"Training. If I don't tell you what you're not seeing, then I fail you. If you can't stay focused on the fight, then I fail you. You'll hear far worse than my voice in battle. You need to train hard enough that this becomes second nature. You need to hear my voice telling you to look for what you can't see. Now open your eyes. Look for something I can't see." Volencia wondered if there was anything he didn't see. A move Tatron might have an advantage on, but she saw nothing herself. 

Tatron did though. He ripped the scabbard from the belt and flung it right at Damion's head. The later was able to duck and avoid the scabbard, but Tatron, using his belt like a whip, caught Damion in the side of the head as he was ducking. From there, he moved in quickly. Damion had the belt wound around his forearm in an instant, but Tatron didn't try to save it. He let the item go and focused on his attack. That was when the younger soldier gained his own advantage and had Damion on the defensive finally. In one deft move, Tatron finally got an opening at Damion's back and Volencia had to cover her eyes as he attacked. Flipping the switch around so that the broken end dug into the dirt, Damion flung himself into the air. 

Tatron staggered, losing sight of his opponent, his sword was already in swing, waiting to hit, so he struggled with his balance having to pull himself up short. Just as he regained his footing, Damion dropped on his back, one arm linked around the front of Tatron's neck, the other securing the back. "I could choke you out right now, tap and I'll let you go, and we'll end this round." 

Tatron tapped out. 

When Damion let him go, it was gently. He held his hand out to him, "That was an excellent move. You did find something I did not expect. Throwing your scabbard and using your belt as a whip. Nice work." 

Tatron frowned. "Yet, I still missed my mark and you bested me, even when I finally thought I had the upper hand." 

Damion handed Tatron his belt and scabbard, "Knowing your opponent and what they are likely to do is what saved me. When you got to my back, I assumed you'd be quick on the opening. Had to fly blind from there based off what I thought you were going to do. Instincts. Hone them. Trust them." 

Tatron nodded, "I was wrong. I haven't had a fight like that before. Did you take it easy on me?" 

"I did not. That will never help you improve to your best, which is our goal here. My hope is to teach you all how to get to the point where you can hold your own or even best me in the end." Damion nodded to the others as they stood before them again. The men cheered, all of them slapping the others on the back. Tatron nodded to Damion, they would be cordial from here on out, Volencia guessed. "I feel that was a very telling session friends, thank you for letting me help out again today." He shook Gregron's hand before heading over to Volencia. 

"I was sitting on pins and needles nearly that entire fight! There were a few times I thought his aim was to kill you." 

"Me too." Damion laughed. "Don't you worry though. I'm not crazy enough not to take necessary precautions when it comes to those types of fights."

"Like what?" Volencia cocked her head curiously. She was having trouble keeping her eyes off him as sweat glistened on his skin, running in rivulets over his chest and stomach. 

"I can't give you all my secrets, Princess." His laugh sent a shiver up her spine. "I'm not a piece of meat. Up here please." He tilted her chin up to meet his eyes. "I think I just figured out why you like coming down here for training." 

Volencia tried to control the blush rising, but it was impossible. She poked him in the chest with a finger. "Honestly, it is a perk. You're gorgeous and you know it. However, I also have no intention of simply rolling over if I'm ever caught in a trap like the day we met. I may not have been given leave to train with you yet, but I can watch and learn at least something. I don't want to be helpless anymore. Even today, there was much to learn simply by watching." 

"Good. That's the reason I thought you were coming down. Others are starting to disagree." His smile was gone, looking down at where her finger pressed at his sternum. "Don't let yourself get distracted. If you do that, you'll lose. You already have a disadvantage. But we'll teach you how to use it instead." He grabbed her hand and ran it down his chest stopping just above his navel. "Regardless, you can't swoon every time you see a bare chest." 

Volencia rolled her eyes, wiping her hand on her skirt. "I don't. It's only yours, Damion." She felt like she was going to choke on those words. 

"Hm." Damion grunted, giving her a half smile. "Be prepared to join us after your father and Samanthia have been taken care of. You won't be fighting, but my bare chest won't be the only thing you will have to face. It'll be a good lesson for the boys too." He winked, turned on his heals and went to the barracks. 

Frowning at his back, she stared after him. What was that supposed to mean? Her father was still standing by the side lines. His eyes shinning. She felt like he some how knew exactly what Damion was talking about. 

###chapter Twenty-one

Volencia and her father made it to his study first. As they waited, she paced back and forth in front of the hearth contemplating Damion's comment on the training field. He was very much a distraction and she already worried about fighting him. 

Venron sat in his usual chair, his fingers drumming on the armrest. "You must be nervous?" Volencia smiled at him, trying to look more confident than she felt. His lips turned down into a slight frown. There were a few lamps lit, but the room glowed in the afternoon sun coming through the windows. 

Sitting at his knee, she rested her head on his lap as she usually did when she needed his comfort. Volencia was out of sorts when Damion finally got to the room. She desperately wanted to have him tell her what he meant, but he only laughed and told her to pay attention to what they were doing now. 

"Let's focus right on now instead. I think a few days in Samanthia will help prepare you for this training." He was dressed in a hunter green, simple tunic. Gregron had made him stand for hours getting fitted for a proper uniform, but so far, he'd refused to wear it. "Any way, your job is to make sure the King's hands remain just so on the hilt of the sword. If he lets go, it could be dangerous. I want to keep the magic contained." He tapped the mirrored ball on the hilt. "Also watch this. The moment it looks like it's cracking, you need to let me know. Also, something in me changes when I use a lot of nihility magic. It'll look like when Claven handed me that invitation. Depending on the curse, it could be worse. Please stay as calm as possible. I've never done this before, and emotions do a lot to drive my reactions while using this side of magic. If you get scared or start to panic, it's better to leave than to let it affect me. Do you understand?"

"Yes." She nodded, placing her hands on her father's, "Is that why Gregron's not here?"

"Correct. I was worried he would panic if something were to go wrong and get in the way. Repeat the instruction for me please?" 

She did as he rolled up his sleeves. Her father still held the sword blade between his boots, his hands positioned just so. "How dangerous is this?" 

"I don't know. Dangerous enough." Damion frowned. 

"Are you sure I can do this? I don't know much about magic." Volencia's stomach dropped and churned. She wanted to be the one he trusted, but feared she wasn't the best choice. 

"I have reason to believe it will be much safer if you stay in the room with me. I'd be less likely to try this without you here." His eyes narrowed on her a little. "Are you having second thoughts?" He looked nervous himself. 

"No. No. I trust your judgement. Let's do this." 

He nodded, putting his hands on the King's shoulders from behind. As in the battle with the Council, his eyes went from emerald to forest and soon bordered on black. Like before, he whispered under his breath, but she couldn't hear what he was saying. He closed his mouth and eyes, reaching forward and covering her father's as well. The mirrored ball in the claw twisted and turned, it's shine dimming. Damion's hand returned to Venron's shoulder and he did this set numerous times. The more he touched her father's mouth, the darker the skin around his eyes became, the veins in his face spiderwebbing out over his cheeks until his ears were as inky as his eyes. 

The fourth time he placed his hand around her father's throat. At this, Venron's eyes flew open and she could see panic in them. Wanting to make sure to keep fear down as Damion had suggested she placed her hand on his knee and gently spoke. "It's okay. He won't hurt you." 

A moment later, Damion's hand ran up Venron's throat until it was under his jaw and his fingers pushed the joint there until his mouth opened wide. When Damion forced three fingers into her father's mouth, her heart started to race. He slowly pulled something out that was grotesque. It looked like a long, smoky black snake. About halfway through Venron started to choke and sputter. His hands started shaking and one pulled away from the ball to make its way to his throat.

Volencia grabbed his hand and forced it back. "Damion, he can't breathe." Volencia said the words calmly, but her own panic was rising, and she had to force herself to swallow it. She only knew he heard her because his brow drew down in concern, but he didn't stop. The hand that was on Venron's shoulder moved up to the back of his head, forcing it back. 

"Breath." Damion growled his lips turning down as the snake grew longer. Venron's entire body started to shake. Damion's eyes shot open, and the mirror ball started to turn black as coal. "Breath, damn it!" Damion started to twine the black snake around his arm since he couldn't pull it any further. "I can't pull it fast enough." A large crack resounded through the room and Damion cursed for the first time since she'd met him. 

"That was the ball, it's cracking." 

"I don't know what to do" Damion's black eyes were wide as he stared down into her father's face. 

###chapter Twenty-two
Volencia bit her lip then went into action, calling on her magic. She could only pray it didn't back fire. She grabbed the snake and started to pull. "No, stop!" Damion growled, but she didn't. She wasn't going to lose her father when she was so close to having him back. She let the light inside her, which was screaming to get out, go. Damion let her father's head go and focused on the black curse now wrapping around his arm. As her hands covered her father, his shaking eased and he took his first breath past the evil. "He's breathing again. Keep going." 

"The ball, is it cracking more?" 

"No, I'm fixing it." Volencia's brow drew down as she focused. She had to keep it in check, she didn't want to overwhelm either of them. The beastly curse was nearly as long as Damion's arms spread wide. When it finally broke free, Damion nearly fell back, her father slumping in his chair. Volencia grabbed for the sword so it wouldn't fall, afraid the strain on the crystal would harm it. Her fingers missed, but her magic eased it to the carpet for her. 

She gently let her father's head rock to the side, checking to make sure he seemed okay. At the least, he was breathing. Damion, however, went back, falling through the glass door to the balcony. Volencia's body kicked into gear again going to him as he wrestled the curse, despite the broken glass he was covered in. 

"What can I do?" She asked, her hands open before her, afraid to call her magic again. 

"I need one hand free to call the void!" Damion struggled, his skin no longer tan, but ranging from ash grey to coal black. "Ahh!" He cried as the thing slammed his chest, looking like it was trying to get into his body.

"Come on, I need you" She whispered, pulling her own magic outward. "Damion needs us." Her finger squeezed and her mind focused on stilling the curse. It slowed, Damion breathed hard, rolling until he was holding it beneath him. His right hand went to the marble balcony pushing the glass around and leaving blood streaks as he worked his magic. 

"Volencia, I need you to decrease your magic. It's too much." 

"I'll lose control of the curse if I do." 

"Voids open-" his body was shaking, sweat was pouring from him. 

Closing her eyes, she focused on cutting the magic off. Pulling it back into that secret room inside her where it's been locked away. When she reopened her eyes, Damion was sitting up looking mush worse for the wear. His body lurched forward, and he vomited. Volencia's arms wrapped around his shoulders just as his body gave way and he started to pitch forward. "Damion?" His eyes rolled back in his head, and his body slacked. Volencia had to fight to keep him up, he was just too heavy. His arms, hands, and clothes were stained with blood, though none of the scratches seemed too deep. 

The door burst open, a white faced Gregron ran in, "What in Ephira is going on?" 

"Gregron," Volencia sighed with relief, "I can't lift him" She had Damion in her arms, holding him tight, trying to keep him from the shards of glass all around them. 

"What the hell happened?" He stopped beside Venron, who was still out. Then slid the door open. Hunkering down beside them. "I could feel your magic from the training field." 

Volencia felt a tear rolling down her cheek. "We were trying to remove the curse from father. It's gone now. At least a good portion of it. It was like a living thing, it attacked him once released. It's gone now though." 

"It must have been a hell of a spell." Gregron hooked Damion's arm over his shoulder and heaved him up. Volencia grabbed his other arm to help. "Go put down a pillow for him and make sure there's nothing on the sofa." 

She nodded, adding a pillow from one of the other seats. She tucked it under his head, as Gregron laid him down. The black was finally starting to fade from his skin. "You all look like you just waged a war in here. He looks the worst though. Let me go call the healers and have them assist." His hand caught her chin, turneing her face, his rough thumb rubbing a spot on her cheek. "That your blood or his?" 

"His. I didn't get hurt." 

Gregron nodded and left to call in the healers. They had no issues with her father, but they couldn't do anything with Damion. His magic was still ramped up and running through him, so any time they tried to use their magic on him, his skin blackened like it was being attacked, and made the healers nervous. 

	"It's fine." Volencia placed her hand on the distraught elf. "Once he's rested for a while, we'll call you back up to try again. I think he'll just need a little time." 

They had said the same about the King. That he was healed, but they didn't suggest waking him. After so much magic runs through one's body, it wears them out, and trying to force them to wake with magic, only makes things worse in the end. So, they got his shirt off and checked his back. His chest was bruised, but there were few cuts that were able to make it through the fabric. An errand boy ran to get him a clean shirt. 

After the healers left, Volencia called for something light to be brought up, then tucked herself next to Damion on the sofa. Gregron was sitting across from her, his arms crossed over his chest. "Why would you have done this without me here?" 

"Damion wanted as few people here as possible. He was worried that if someone panicked, he could lose control of the magic and it would have made things worse. He wanted me here in case something happened, so I could help. To be honest, I worried that you weren't here. But I think it was the right call. You would have tried to stop it at the wrong time things could have gone very differently, but it worked. And that's what's important." She frowned, standing to go to the fireplace. "I'm sorry." 

"Don't apologize. If it's rescued your father, it will be worth it. In the future though, if you do something like this again, I expect to be told what's happening, even if you don't want me there with you. I deserve to know." His green eyes were hard, but he followed her, "I'll get it going for you."  

It took nearly the entire day for the king to come to. Gregron and Volencia were talking over dinner in the study when he rolled over with a groan. Gregron jumped up, eager to know how he was. He knelt before the king. "How are you feeling?" His fingers brushed the hair from Venron's forehead, resting his hand on the King's shoulder. 

Venron groaned again, and Volencia had her hands pressed to her lips. He couldn't even do that before. "By the Gods, I'm starving." Tears sprung to Volencia's eyes and Gregron gave a congradulatory hoot. Venron was clearly surprised by his own hoarse voice. "That boy is a walking miracle!" 

###chapter Twenty-three
Volencia made her father a plate, but as she handed it to him, he put it on the table and pulled her into his arms. "I'm so sorry. I love you so much." He squeezed her tightly in his arms. 

"I love you too, father." She crushed him back. 

"I thought for a moment you guys were going to kill me. You really took the reigns there at the end, I'm very proud of you." 

Volencia sobbed in his arms. "It's finally over then? Your curse has been lifted?" 

Venron scrunched his face. "I can feel parts of it still in me, so we might have to try again another day, but until I try to talk about something in particular, I don't think we'll know what's effected."

Tapping her chin, she looked at him, "Did you have anything to do with Damion showing up here the day the shield fell?" 

That too familiar glaze fell across the king's visage for a moment, before lightening back up. Her father shrugged, "I haven't been able to tell you, how much you look like your mother. You're so beautiful, just as she was. Come, sit, let us enjoy dinner conversation for the first time in 50 years." 

He pulled her chair out for her, sitting to her left. He would randomly grab her hand, and smile. He said I love you enough over their dinner that she was pretty sure he made up for the entire 50 years that same evening. But they didn't talk about anything heavy. They reminisced, enjoying every moment. "So, I've been watching silently. What do you think of our new friend?" Venron popped a potato piece in his mouth. Volencia was enjoying the sweet savory goodness of the glaze the chef put over the boar and vegetables. She tried to hide her blush by taking a drink of wine. 

"Honestly, I don't ever want him to leave. Not only because he rescued me, and I've never felt safer, but because well, I finally have a friend." 

"Helps that he's easy on the eyes too, right?" When her father wiggled his dark black brows at her, she nearly dropped her chalice. 

Wiping at a drop of wine that spilled, she couldn't bring herself to look up at him again. "It's not like that I mean we don't have the option for a future anyway. He's not royalty." 

Gregron laughed, "Didn't you know your father was a Clagonian? He wasn't royalty when he met your mother." But when he looked at Vernon for confirmation, his eyes were glassed over. "Damn." The Captain frowned. 

"Wait, I thought he was Charlabisis's brother? They're not my aunt and uncle?" Volencia asked in shock. 

"Oh, no. They are. But because Toakencia's your father's sister. They married on the same day, right after the Floating City fell. The day after your father killed your grandfather. I never knew you had no knowledge of this." Gregron's brow drew down. 

Anger roiled up in Volencia, squirming around in her belly and chest. All this time, she didn't know the truth of her family. Yet, Gregron had. And he'd been right in front of her this whole time. He could have said something. She could have asked. She never even thought about it. 

Gregron sighed, resting his hands on the table. "Let me explain:" 


"Your mother was born in this palace. That was when Lock only had Treveric and Claven's father as allies. The rest of the world still fought against the rule of the Empire. Either because those rulers didn't want to see the magic reform take place, or because at that point, many women were still in power and didn't want to see an assembly of men replace them. 

Rosencia hated the Empire more than anyone. Her mother was the first Queen forced to recognize her husband was allowed a harem. It destroyed her mother, who ended up taking her own life out of shame. Rosencia was betrothed to Charlabisis. Lock and Treveric believed it was the best way to gain complete control over Lalolia and the Campus. Though technically already with in Thambair's realm-the King or Queen has little influence on how the academic world ran. That honor belonged to The Arch Mage. 

Your father's mother was the Arch Deaconess of the Temple of Ephira. Which is how your aunt got the title, who was training for the spot when the war began. Everything changed just a moon before Rosencia was to wed Charlabisis, when his father who was proceeding over the match, died in a sudden accident. Charlabisis claimed a year of mourning and put the wedding off, also claiming sanctuary to stay out of the war efforts. 

To put it lightly, Lock and Treveric were furious. They tried to force his hand by sending his betrothed, whom he'd sworn to protect, into direct harm. They sent your mother to the war zone on a peace envoy. When she met with the previous Deaconess, her children and the Samanthians who served the temple. Rosencia spoke of the fake peace her father prepared for her, though she believed every word of it. Her eagerness to please and do her part was what endeared your father to her in the first place.

The Deaconess left her son in charge of providing a tour and introducing her to everyone else. She was in the middle of meeting the records keeper when her troops, those sent with the peace envoy, turned against the city. Their main objective was to kill the Deaconess and anyone under her. 

A young lizardess saw it all. She ran to the Temple for help. Venron raged, killing every last man in the envoy that didn't fall to others. Hunted and tracked them down, believing they had killed his mother and sister. When he returned, he nearly killed the princess. But she bowed before him, tears streaming, and claimed she deserved death for being part of such horror, even if she were an unwilling participant. 

It was Lennion who stopped him. The lizard Damion calls father, in fact. Your father's dearest friend. Lennion spoke for the princess, told his friend about how when his sister was brought back bloody and broken, it was she who took charge. She was the one who used her magic as much as she could to heal Toakencia. She was the one who refused to leave her side even when there was nothing left for her to do. Without her, Toakencia would have died. After this, Venron not only decided to release the princess and give her amnesty, but he chose to forgive her completely. Even told her he would allow her to go home, as long as she carried a message to her father. 

Your mother was not going to be sent away though. She wanted to protect her folk, their folk from the vile King who would murder on the promises of peace. She begged your father not to send her away. To let her help. But your father worried about her being there with him. Instead, he wrote her fiancé, planning her escape and his sister's. He wouldn't take the chance this could happen to either of them again.

Then, in the time it took Char to travel down for his bride, agreeing to come to her rescue after what her father put her through. He hadn't known what was really happening but had been receiving death threats and black mail from Venron, which he had been paying to keep her protect on the thought that they would one day return her to him or her father. It had all been a lie. He just hadn't known until Rosencia had reached out to him, because of Venron, with her own seal. 

Charlabisis, at that time, did what no one expected being the new Arch Mage. He left his home to go to the war ridden Temple. He lost men on the travel down to 'brigands' but expected to have to fight to save his betrothed. When they welcome him with open arms and only asked him to bring one other woman home, he was perplexed. By then, they had their rebel leader. Venron wouldn't leave. And threatened the women that he would yield if they did not go. 

Charlabisis was enthralled by the Rebel Leader. They wanted the same future. It was why he had stalled the wedding in the first place. Rosencia came forward though, told him what happened to her friend. That it was her father who had made the orders and exposed everything. Venron was angry with her when she left. Afraid he would side with them. But Char never wanted what they wanted. He believed fully those who could learn outside his collage should. He believed in the sanctity of the Master and Apprentice. But Venron was an immovable mountain. He would not allow harm to come to Rosencia or his sister and went to Charlabisis on bend and knee, begging him to relinquish them to his bidding. He couldn't fight if he was worried about them. 

At first, Char refused. Believing the women would keep him in line in a way no one else could. But Lennion stepped in, again, telling him the whole story. Angering Venron all the more, he took that spite. After hearing what happened to Toakencia and finding out what Rosencia did after, Char agreed. That was the moment your father and Charlabisis made a pact. The didn't want the Empire to have anything to go back with.

Venron killed your grandfather before they had to flee. A fortnight later, they held a coronation and wedding at the same time, naming Venron King of Thambair in one fell swoop. It was all very scandalous. That was when Venron chose to fall back and let them take the city. The war had taken too much of a tole on the entirety of the Samanthian race. So, they left. Abandoning their city and Temple, leaving it to the Empire in leu of losing all that remained of the Samanthians. They were hidden out in the middle of the forest, which was for the best. 

War raged around us, but the strength of Thambair and Lalolia had put the Empire in need of stepping back. Your father had squashed their attacks in order from the first to the last. They stepped back and re-grouped, going after other cities and grew their power. There was little your parents could do to stop them, so far from home, without endangering their own troops and leaving the Kingdom open to attack. Your mother was also very pregnant with you at the worst of these times, which made things even more difficult. 

The same day you were born, you father was called away to the Samanthians. I'd shown up with Damion's mother, Brambee, and we needed the help the Samathians could offer. She was so sick and weak from moons of traveling, trying to get somewhere safe. We'd had to flee, or the Dark Hive would have killed him the moment he was born, as you heard before. 

I believe you know most of what happened from there. Damion stayed in Samanthia, I tried, but we were all too different. I left for Thambair only a few years before your mother passed. I didn't know her as well as I know your father, but she was as strong and beautiful as they say." 

###chapter Twenty-Four
"My mother fell in love with a commoner and married him?" Volencia stared across the table at Gregron. The icy stare from her father was still plastered there on his face. 

"He wasn't exactly just any commoner. He was a war hero and son to the last Deaconess. Brother to the current one."

A groan behind her told her Damion was stirring. He lifted himself to half sitting, his head covered by his hands. Pouring a glass of water, she brought it to him, kneeling beside the sofa. Venron's eyes cleared now that no one was talking about something being stopped by the curse and he smiled over at them. 

Touching his arm, she held out the water, which he swallowed down in a gulp. "How are you feeling?" Volencia rested the glass beside her. 

"Tired." Damion said, clearing his throat. "And my head is killing me." His eyes didn't seem to be focusing, though they looked normal otherwise. "How's the King?" 

"He's right over here, doing well. It worked, Damion. Because of you, I've finally heard the words I love you from him. I'll never be able to thank you enough." Damion tried to look around but ended up covering his eyes and holding his head. "Are you sure you're alright?" 

"Yeah, just outta sorts." He tossed aside the blanket but teetered as he put his feet to the ground. Volencia tucked herself beside him. He was bent over, elbows on his knees, face in his palms. "I just" 

"It's okay. Take it easy." Her fingers messaged his hair and scalp. He sighed, leaning into her, and she put his head in her lap. Rubbing his head and shoulders, his eyes closed. 

Her father chuckled from across the room. "Getting comfy over there?" Damion started to raise himself off her, but Volencia held him fast and he didn't fight her.

"You saw that I tried to get up to come join you, but your daughter's holding me prisoner." His arms half created a pillow on her lap, half held her. 

Venron left the table, sitting in his normal chair across from them. "An oh so unwilling prisoner." He chuckled. Damion lifted his head enough to open an eye, but then nuzzled against her lap again. Volencia chewed her lip, enjoying the feel of his hair under her hands. Her fingers found the back of his neck, and he shivered. "Are you hungry? I could make a plate for you." The King offered. 

"Never thought I'd have a King offer to serve me. But no, thank you. I think I need a little time for my head to straighten out." 

"Are you up to talk about what is going to happen next? You still will need to go home, is that correct?" 

"Yes. I have to dispel the curse that is held in the sword. It's all too much for me to do without a conduit myself. I'm guessing there are still things that will trigger parts of the curse. I had to break it, so we're not going to want to wait too long before doing this again." The small fire in the hearth started to cast shadows along the bookshelves and furniture as it danced. Gregron threw another log on and lit a few candles around them as the sun set and it grew darker. "How are your thoughts? Do they feel addled or out of sorts? No blank spots of confusion, like you're reaching for something that missing?" 

"No. Despite your previous worries, from what I can tell, all my memories remain intact, even if I can't speak of all of them at this time. No blank spots." Venron looked down into his cup. "You did well protecting my mind as you pulled that beastie out of me, and not only do I thank you, I owe you."

Damion sighed, trying to sit up again, this time able to look at Venron directly. "No. It was my honor, Majesty. You owe me nothing." His hand went to Volencia's knee, "I'm sorry to ask, but could you grab me another glass of water?" 

"Of course." She squeezed his hand before grabbing the pitcher and refilling his cup, leaving the pitcher on a side table. She went back and filled a small plate. She started with a partridge breast with a drizzle of honey and herbs, a seasoned side of fresh garden vegetables, and a biscuit that she sliced and added a small amount of cream to. Bringing the plate with her, she held it out to Damion. "If you want anything, if not, I'll just put it over here." 

"Thank you," he snagged half the biscuit from the plate and waved the rest away. 

Venron watched them both carefully, he drank down another glass of wine, and narrowed his eyes at Damion. "So, you come to my kingdom, save the princess from certain doom, train my army in new attacks and methods, befriend my General and gain his trust-which mind you is not an easy task, and free me from a curse that I never thought I would be free of yet, you ask for nothing?" 

"You were my father's best friend. He thought of you as a brother. If it were him doing this, would you be surprised if he refused?" 

"Not at all. But it wouldn't stop me from asking what I can do. Just know that if there is anything you need or desire," his eyes wandered over Volencia. Damion's started to follow his gaze, but when he realized where it led, he jerked back around. She looked away her heart slamming. Did he just offer her to someone without even asking? "Then I hope you will let me know." 

"Fair enough. Then, yes, there is something, in reference to your daughter, I would like to request." Volencia looked at Damion in surprise. That her father had made the reference had been odd at first, but that Damion was getting in on it, made her wonder if her mind had wandered somewhere different. "I would like to remind you that I will have to leave for Samanthia early tomorrow, before the sun rises. I would like to see if you would object to the Princess coming with me. It was at her request to begin with, but I couldn't say yes without knowing how you felt about it." 

Gregron cleared his throat. "It wouldn't be in the Princess's best interest. Imagine the rumors that would spread. It would be catastrophic. Folk would assume the worst." 

Venron eyed Gregron for a moment, before looking back at Damion and Volencia. "Did either of you come up with a way for it not to look like the Princess is running away with her hero?" 

Damion blushed, looking away. "I'm sorry, I hadn't thought of it that way." 

Volencia smiled, touching his arm. "Yes. If anyone asks, it's a matter of needing information for our new quest, and Damion's family can assist with that. I'll bring Trishia, so that we are not left unescorted. This isn't about running away with anyone, there are answers I seek, and I believe the Samanthians will be able to assist me with them." 

"Then" he looked toward the fire pensively. "I suppose I agree this is something she should do. When you get back, be rested. I do believe a visit to Lalolia is in order."

"We need to go to the Fallen city too. If we only have a year, we'll need to start making progress much more quickly." Volencia added, "Would you like a glass of wine, anyone?" Venron nodded, but the others declined. "And Samanthia will be the first stop."

"That's right." Damion nodded, standing. "I want access to the swords abilities before we go anywhere else. We'll keep it as short as possible. Sounds like we've a lot to do." He grabbed a few items from the table. "Is it okay if I take the items that we can travel with? Breads, cheeses, and fruits?" 

"Of course. But" He sat forward, his eyes wide, "You've found the Fallen City?" 

"We did." Volencia didn't go into detail. And Venron seemed to come to an understanding that she didn't want to get into it right then. 

From there, the conversation waned, directing more toward Damion and how the Samanthians faired. Damion even invited Venron to join them. But he declined, worried it wouldn't be safe until the full curse was removed. Damion filled a bowl with two loaves of bread, a few blocks of cheese, and other items here and there. He looked at them sheepishly. "No one cares if I take all these sweets with me, do they? I know a lot of children who would love to try them." 

###chapter Twenty-five
Volencia could barely believe her father was letting her go. "Well, our parents were the best of friends once. I'm pretty sure he knows you have nothing to worry about." He said, shoving a few pairs of pants and shirts into his bag. Everything he put in there was perfectly folded and he seemed to have a place for everything. 

Not unlike his room. Everything had its place. "It probably helps that you have no interest in me." Volencia mused, grabbing the books they had been reading through together from a shelf in his room. He only grunted in response, refusing to be bated. "How long is the travel?" 

"We're taking horses. So, a day and a half at most. If we leave early enough, and ride hard, we may even make it by tomorrow night. But that's not really my goal. It would be taxing on everyone, and the forest isn't always the safest of places. If we don't have to change course too much from the way I came, which we might since I was on foot, we'll make it to a safe little camping area about two thirds of the way there. We'll stop early, make camp, then continue on." 

"We could try to make it in a day riding is my one skill." She went to the door. "When you're finished, do you mind coming to check to make sure I haven't forgotten anything?" 

"I'll join you now. I'm mostly ready." 

"You're barely bringing anything," Volencia eyed his half-packed satchel, remembering there wasn't much more in the day they met. 

"We're headed to my home. Most of what we need is already there." He held out his hand and took her pack. He grabbed the handle of the door but didn't open it. "You don't truly believe you have no skill, do you?" 

Volencia blushed, regretting the comment. "Come on, Damion, it's getting late." He hadn't reached out to touch her this tenderly since the night they met. His hand pushed a lock of black hair behind her ear, cupping her face in his hands. 

"Your magic, your courage, even your ability to gain people's loyalty. You have many skills. Don't count yourself short." 

"Compared to you, everyone is short." He groaned, and she curled her fingers around his wrist, feeling his steady heart thrum under her fingers. "I can't use my magic, I don't know-" 

"I'll teach you." 

"I'm just always afraid. Every day, for years, I've felt nothing but fear. My attempts to learn my magic haven't always worked. Bad things happen. Same reason you can't consider me courageous either." His hand on her cheek prevented her from looking away as he held her fast. 

"And yet, you still were willing to give yourself up for your folk, despite that fear. You knew what they were like already. I do remember that much. The worry was etched over your face that morning."

She pulled his hand away, looking down. "I had already tried everything else. I was in a corner. Besides, my kingdom is only loyal because of my parents. I have not earned their loyalty." She turned away from him, wrapping her arms around her chest. "I don't want to talk about this anymore. My failings. You are seeing something that's not here." 

"Then, this is something else I must teach you." His hand came down warmly on her shoulder. She looked at it, saying nothing. "Have you not realized it yet, Volencia?" She inhaled deeply. He never used her name. His breath was warm on her neck and ear when next he spoke. "You've already convinced me to follow you to the ends of Ephira. I would do anything for you." For a moment she could only stand there, unable to breath, feeling his heat behind her. 

Then his hand was gone and the warmth with it. She heard a click behind her. It took time for her head to clear, and she looked around the room. Everything had its place. Organized. Neat. Tidy. He was someone who always had to have control of every situation. Volencia wondered what it cost for him to let that go. To lose himself in the few moments they shared. Or if he treated her with orderly precision, like his things. Did he plan when and where he would say such things? Did he plan out the way they would make her feel? 

She followed him out finally. He stood at her door, still in the hall, leaning against the wall pinching the bridge of his nose. His eyes were shut tight. As soon as he realized she was there, his demeanor changed. The mask came back, and she realized the answers to those questions. He didn't plan it. That it happened without planning was costing him. She couldn't figure out if that was a good thing or not "Damion?" 

He sighed, smiling slowly. A cautious smile. Not the easy going one that she's grown to love so much. "Sorry, you caught me off guard."  Her hands touched his arm, trying to bring back whatever warmth he'd shown her before. "I didn't know" 

"Look." His hands fell to his side uselessly. "I was out of line. It is getting late. We should finish up and get off to sleep. I'd have gone in to pack your things myself, but it didn't seem appropriate for me to go riffling through your personals." Reaching behind him he popped the door open. 

She took the bag from him and slipped past him into her room. She fiddled with it as he joined her in the room, clicking the door closed behind them. He was her protector now. This was fine. It was appropriate. "I'm going to go pack, but first you should know, I'm not the only one whose gained loyalty you know. So far, everyone in my kingdom you've had contact with has grown to trust you. Myself more than anyone. That's a pretty big deal, not just to me. I would do anything for you too. I just wanted to make sure you saw that also." 

Embarrassed she flew to her closet, wanting to avoid any come back he might fling at her. Already pawing through her things, she focused on trying to find anything that would make sense for travel to a small village and continued to come up lacking. There was only one pair of riding pants she owned, and she didn't exactly own a regular tunic. She pulled down a dark purple cloak and set it aside for the morning with the pants. As she searched for a shirt, she felt his eyes on her. 

"I'm sorry I can get a little clumsy with my words. Sometimes I can't quite control myself around you, and I'm not really used to feeling that way. It happens more often with you than anyone." Volencia put a pair of black slippers in her bag before standing. Damion held out his hand. "Why don't we make sure you have what you need?" His lips quirked into an almost smile, but at least it was genuine. 

"You'll want a brush and maybe some ribbon for your hair. Not that we won't have that at home, but probably not as much as you are used to. I'm the only one in town with any hair." He chuckled, and she went and grabbed what he told her to. He tucked each item into a small space either in the front or side of the pack. Depending on size. He'd packed the smaller pockets first when he'd done his own too. "And enough under garments for five days? Just in case?" She did not. So, she went and grabbed them. "Here, in the front space." 

He looked around, "A night gown?" 

Her lips pressed together, and she shook her head again. Shuffling through those hanging closest to the door. A light pink one caught her eye. Knowing she shouldn't, she pulled it down and held it up to her frame. It was all but see through. "As we'll be sharing sleeping quarters, do you have any preferences?" She joked. 

###chapter Twenty-six
His eyes were the most telling. They went dark, no longer emeralds, but forest green dipped in shadow. His lower lip disappeared into his mouth for a moment and a hand absently pushed back his hair. "Let me be honest," he said, pushing away from the floor and slowly moving toward her. "I couldn't handle seeing you in that." Volencia felt herself frown, considering their previous conversation it didn't sound like much of a compliment. "And second, my mother won't allow us to sleep in the same house, so I don't know where you got the idea we'll be together at night?" 

"You you said you have your own house. I guess I assumed that's where we'd stay." 

Damion chuckled. "Okay I can see where you might think that but our homes are small. Just one big room. You'll stay in my home with Trishia, and I'll be staying with my parents or Travion. Though our folk like visiting in the dead of night, so something my mother or brother could also see you in would be best." He took the hanger from her and put it back, running his fingers through her nightgowns. All she could imagine was him picking one of the gowns that was frappish, she didn't want to look like an old maid. 

But he surprised her when he took down her favorite. It was ice blue, light, and had a matching robe. It was made of silk and lace, and she loved it. It wasn't overly sexy, and where the bosom dipped down and the sleeves showed her side, the robe easily covered. More than anything, the nightgown made her feel beautiful. 

"It's my favorite anyway." Volencia blushed as he pulled it gently from the hanger and folded it, putting it in her pack as neatly as he had his own. 

"I know." That's when it happened. He gave her that no-holds smile. The one where his dimple shined on the left side of his mouth. "You have clothes for tomorrow?" 

She pointed to what was on the chest near the door. "Kinda. I don't have a tunic to wear." 

He nodded, "That's okay. Worse comes to worse, I'll give you one of mine. It'll be big, but-" he shrugged, "It'll be better than a dress. I'll find something for you tonight and bring it in, as long as you don't mind me coming in while you're asleep. I can always leave it in my room for Trishia to grab early." 

"I don't mind." 

	It took them another few minutes to grab two dresses for while they were there. He only let her pick one pair of shoes, and her riding boots went next to the rest of her clothes for morning. "Okay, that should be everything, unless you want to bring your own soaps or anything personal. But I have a lot of that kind of stuff at home. A favorite of mine to make is a rose soap for Birna, Trey's wife. I love how it makes my house smell for days." 

	Volencia knelt beside him, putting a few personal items in the front pouch. She was late on her regular monthly ladies and expected it to start soon. Rather than embarrass him, she tried to make sure he couldn't see what she was placing in the satchel. "It sounds lovely. I'm not going to burden our packs with anything unnecessary. This is the first time I'm leaving my kingdom for more than a few hours. I want to experience everything I can." 

Without notice, Volencia had gotten very close to him while putting the last few items in the bag. His eyes were still dark and watched her every move. Feeling emboldened, she pulled the stings on her satchel closed, buckled it, and half leaned over him as she tossed it toward her morning clothes. When she did, her side rubbed against his chest and she backed toward her own spot ever so slowly. Letting her body run along his. Since they'd met, he'd been very careful to keep moments like these at a bare minimum. She was going to take advantage. With one arm over his lap, the other brushed her long tresses back over her shoulder, and her breasts pressed against him. He inhaled sharply, his eyes narrowing. 

"Sorry," she laughed lightly, "I didn't realize-" 

Damion's hand curled gently at the back of her neck, pulling her into him. His mouth covered hers, parting her lips with his tongue. Kissing her deeply, gently just like before. A moment later, she was in his lap, straddling him. His fingers worked at the laces of her dress as she dropped her head back with a sigh. 

His lips blazed a trail over her neck, pulling the dress down over her shoulder just enough to expose her collarbone, letting his tongue run over the divot there. As his lips met her neck kissing up toward her jaw line, she sighed, "Oh, Damion." His kiss deepened to a light bite, and she heard him growl deep in his throat. "I've been waiting for you to kiss me like this again." 

That's when his hands hardened on her for a moment before disappearing altogether. When she looked at him, his face was flushed, his eyes burning a hole in her carpet. "I-I shouldn't have" He stammered, "I need to go bunk down. We have an early morning." 

Volencia tried to cling to him. "Please. What did I do?" She tried to hold him, but he was pulling away. "Don't go. What did I say? Please, don't go." 

"Just-get off me, Princess. I can't do this. I never should have even tried. It was-I was-Please, just let me up." His voice was filled with so much agony, she couldn't help it. He was up as soon as she moved, staring at him from the floor. He paced back and forth for a moment, "I was being shellfish, stupid really, I just-" his shoulders sagged as he turned and left through the door. 

Straightening her dress, she hoped he would still be in her room, waiting to talk about whatever just happen. As she left the closet, she realized he really was gone. Throwing herself onto her bed, she sobbed into her pillow. The one that smelled like him. The rose he'd given her lay on the night table. Grabbing it, she clung it to her breast, sobbing. She spent her night trying to figure out what she did wrong, only to eventually cry herself to sleep. 

###chapter Twenty-seven
Damion, on the other hand didn't sleep at all. The word again echoed the waters of his mind incessantly, drowning his peace. He'd gone back to his room long enough to grab his things and made his way out to the gardens and sat silently under the moon. 

He felt awful leaving her the way he did. But if he'd stayed, he would have done something he would have regretted far worse. It was better this way. The pit of his stomach ached half the night, making preparation hard. When it finally ebbed, he piled their things in the stables. It wasn't hard finding a smaller soldier, Tatron to be exact, to lend him a shirt. That's when it got hard. He had to go to her room. He had her shirt, and he needed her things. When he tried, thinking it had been long enough, she had been awake still, crying. His hand hovered over the doorknob. He wanted desperately to comfort her. But that word echoed through his mind. AGAIN. He hadn't been part of that the first time. He knew things she didn't, and it was killing him. He wanted to talk to her, to explain. Though he couldn't. He knew telling her would be the end to anything they had. It had to be. There was too much at stake. But he wanted to. He wanted to burst in there, pull her into his arms, and tell her he was sorry and stop the tears that seemed to never end. His guilt warded him away though. He tried again just before first light. This time, the room was silent. 

They were leaving hours after schedule, but when the time came that he could wait no longer, he was almost grateful. It was still dark when he sent to have Trishia wake her. While he waited for them to come down, he got the horses ready. The heaviest pack they had was the tent and bedding in case they needed to make camp for the night, which they would. They'd be lucky if they made it to his safety point now. They went on Volencia and Trishia's horses, since they weighed substantially less than Damion did. By the time they met him at the front of the castle, the only thing left to put on the horses was Trishia's bag and them.  

"Hope you both slept well? It's going to be a long ride." He greeted them; glad it was dark. As soon as the words left his mouth he winced. He was too aware of how well the Princess had slept. The only thing darker than the circles under her eyes were his own. 

"You look bright eyed and bushy tailed. It would seem you slept just fine?" Trishia countered, slinging her own bag over the saddle horn as Damion promptly removed it to secure it properly. He knew full well Trishia was as close to a friend as Volencia had and wondered how much of the night before she knew. 

Volencia stood by her mare, Morning Star, silently. He helped Trishia up without another word, he wouldn't be bated. He was cranky enough with everything as it was. They still had a long way to go, starting off tired would be hard enough, he didn't want to add a fight to the mix. He adjusted her stirrups and reigns to fit before going to Volencia. 

"Princess, I'm sorry" 

"Don't." Volencia didn't snap, in fact her voice was barely a whisper. "Trishia may think you look right as rain, but I know you slept less than I did. If at all." Her hand caressed the mare's neck, "I don't want your apologies for anything. You've been perfectly clear all along. I don't blame you. I just want us to be right." When her eyes met his, he nearly melted. He'd expected tears but found fire and desperation instead. 

He wrapped his arms around her and held her ever so briefly. "We will always be right." He felt, rather than heard, her sniffle against his chest before she pulled away. Unlike Trishia, who wore a ridding habit, Volencia had on britches, Toran's tunic, and a cloak. Anyone who came upon them would assume Trishia the lady and Volencia a maid or hired hand. Not that he wanted to see anyone on the road once they left the city. 

Damion would have helped her up, but she didn't need it. From standing, she tucked her boot in the stirrup and with barely an effort was on Morning Star's back. A well-rehearsed rider she was, though he'd not seen her on one since he got here. She pulled her cloak high over her head before giving him a pain smile. Going to his own stallion, whom she'd named Dark Night, he pulled himself up. Leading them though the darkened city. 

It was barely light, the sun just rising, as they made it to the forest. The city, as expected, was quiet. Thambair was used to being on a lock down, getting used to their newfound freedom was as difficult as it was for him trying to figure out how to live around a woman of his kind. Euphoric and Dystopic at the same time. He pulled Dark Night up short, "We'll rest here until daybreak. Any water or food needs yet?" 

"I need to relieve myself." Tricia bounced on the horse until Damion finally made it to her. 

	"Okay." He reached up, "but don't go more than a few trees in. Stay in the light. The forest can be dangerous, so keep an eye out." He placed her on the ground. "The two of you should go together though. Be careful." Turning to Volencia, he started to go toward her. What a sight. The sunrise shinning behind her. Cloak tossed behind her shoulders and britches hugging her legs. The hood had fallen back, but not completely. Just the top of her hair showed. One stray curl loose, hanging at the side of her nose. 

	Just as easily, her foot slipped from the stirrup and she pushed off. Landing perfectly beside Morning Star. "I'll go with her. You should stay though." As she walked by him, her fingers grazed his shoulder. Her hand pressed Star's reigns into his palm. "Don't let her wander too much if we're riding, please? And water would be great." 

	Nodding, Damion watched her slip away beyond the trees. Letting the horses loose he went for the water, keeping an ear open. He couldn't hear Volencia or Trishia. A few minutes passed before he became nervous. "Volencia? Trishia? Everything okay?" He called out. When there was no answer, his magic tingled though his veins. Searching them out. There was rustling in the brush to his right and left. He went to each horse, pulling their reigns up and over their heads. 

	He heard a murmured curse and a deeper mutter off to his right and followed. Dipping into the darker part of the forest. "We shouldn't have bothered with this one. She's all piss and vinegar. Should have known. No lady wears pants like a man." 

	Watching his footing, he avoided branches and leaves, roots, and limbs, twisting his way through the brush. His magic swallowed any sound he made otherwise. A cry went out. From a heron apparently. Though it wasn't the right time of year, the call was perfect. He was closing in. 

	There were at least five of them. Regardless of anything, this would get worse before it got better. How much worse was the question? 
	
	"It's only a guy. I don't know why were avoiding a fight. We should'a just walked up and kilt the poor bastard."

	"'Cause, we don't know if anymore be comin'. Any signs?" 

	"Nah. Won't be neither. He went divin' inta the dark. They don' void it like they should." 

	A low growl to Damion's left told him he wasn't the only one hunting right now. 

	"Tark's got them horses. If'n anyone was comin' ta help they'da been here by now." 

	They seemed to have stopped, and he saw Volencia double over. She ran to the side of a tree and vomited. "He's going to kill you, you know." Volencia spit. "You won't even know he's coming." 

	"Though' I told'ya ta gag the bitch." Another man growled. 

	Damion crouched, paying attention to the beast at his left. If he knew his creatures at all, this was a flier. Slim, about the same body build as him, with a large snout and ears that stood on end. Large wings like a bat with claws running their length. It would be eating someone before they saw it coming. It had been tracking Damion, but its attention turned to something up ahead. Something he guessed would be easier prey. 

	"She keeps spittin' the thing out. I dunno how, but she doin' it." 

	Damion realized they were likely waiting for him to show now. They didn't want to wait for him to surprise them. He stayed low and out of sight. He worried there were too many. He was good, but there were at least twelve brigands here. He couldn't defeat them all and protect Volencia and Trishia at the same time. He would need to come up with a plan. 

	One of the other men yelled. "Stupid bitch!" A loud snap broke through the trees and Volencia staggered. "Bit me, she did." 

	"Hit me again and I'm going to kill you." She hissed. 

	"Don't bate them, Pri" Trishia had started, but covered her mouth, eyes going wide. 

	All the men laughed, not noting Trishia's mistake. "I think this one needs a lesson." Damion felt his magic clawing at him as the man undid his belt, tossing his sword aside, he started for her. "Hendair, hold her for me. We'll switch places after." The other men cheered, "This one too? Or do we see if we can ransom her?" 

	"Even just the horses and provisioned they had made this worth it. Alls' the better if we just do away with the troublesome rabble and leave them for the nightmares. Have your fun boys." Damion's fingers curled around his sword, he was out of time. 

###chapter Twenty-eight
	Then he felt it. A raw surge of power humming in the air. "I will not be a victim again." Damion's hand left his sword and started to make the signs in the grass to call up the void. He wasn't used to having to use magic and the void at the same time, but he called a shield up around himself and Trishia for protection, afraid of what her magic might do. He hadn't seen her lose control of it yet, but he'd heard the stories. 

	"Helpless girl, you'll always be a victim of the strong." He advanced, and the wind blew around them. Horrifying screams went up through the dark parts of the forest and ground shook. "What the-" the brigand never got to finish. A bright, fiery light consumed the forest around them. The trees burst into flame and the wind couldn't stop it. The men screamed as a fiery tornado wrapped around them. 

	Damion fought to keep the damage at bay. Pulling her magic into one place. The light around them was blinding, but he could feel Trishia screaming through his mind as he held the shield around her. Widening his ruins, he worked to keep his nihility magic surrounding them. With Trishia in the middle of everything, he had to focus more on her shield than his own, and he could feel the singe of heat on his skin. 

	"Volencia, enough!" The men's screams had long since faded. And he couldn't see her now, the wall of fire had them cut off. "Volencia! They're all dead!" 

	"I can't!" She cried back.  

	"Pull the reins in! Demand it! Close your fists and push it deep!" He tried to close the distance around them, which was difficult holding both magics in place, and having to continually maintain the abys, even trying to close it around her. "You must! I can't-" He tried to push himself up, abandoning the ruins in the dirt to try to open the void in a bigger capacity through the air. It didn't help, without a grounded ruin, he was losing power. The fire was starting to lick at his skin and he could feel himself losing control over his magic, if that happened, Trishia didn't stand a chance. 

	She screamed from within the flame, "It burns!" 

	Volencia must have heard Trish, because she started to reign it in. She was chanting something, though her words were lost. The fire started decreasing more quickly, and soon Volencia was panting, standing in the charred remains of the forest. Trishia was on her hands and knees, the edges of her hair singed, her dress dirty and wet with sweat, and one of her arms bore the marking of a burn along its length. She was sobbing as she collapsed into the soot. 

	Damion let his magic go, calling one back and forcing one out, letting the abys that has swallowed the outer rims of her magic go slowly so that it didn't crumple in on them. Then it was done. And both staggered.  Damion tried to make his way to her, but she was in better shape and ran at him, wrapping him in her arms. They feel to the ground in a heap. 

	"I'm so sorry!" Her hands roamed over him. "You're hurt."

	"I'm okay you need to check on Trishia." Her mouth covered his, kissing him deeply. His hands went to her hair, giving himself over to her. When he pulled away, she whimpered. "I was right." 

	"About what?" Tears were falling down her cheek. 

	"You are incredibly brave." She opened her mouth to argue, but he swallowed her words with a deeper kiss. When they broke apart again, he nodded behind her, "Trishia. We need to help her." 

	Volencia pointed behind him, "Damion. We're not alone?" 

	"What the?" A man walked into the forest, staring at the destruction around them. 

	"You help her, I've got him." Damion got to his legs unsteadily, as Volencia rushed to Trishia, clinging to each other. He could feel the easy magic Volencia called forward to heal her wounds and felt proud.

	"What did you do?" 

	"Nothing, actually. But you will meet the same fate if you don't get out of here. And make sure you leave our horses, or we will find you." The man looked around wildly, "You won't find them. They're all dead." The trees hadn't even had time to fall they'd burned to ash where they stood. That's how intense the fire had been. No mortal body would be left in this aftermath. The brigand backed away, tripping, dragging himself through the ash. Getting up, he fled in the opposite direction of their horses. 

	Damion looked at Volencia and Trishia and decided to give them a moment. So instead, went to collect their steeds bringing them to stand beside them. "We should be leaving soon, it's already much later than we wanted it to be."

	"You're kidding right?" Trishia stomped her feet. "We almost DIED. This is ridiculous!" 

	"We're not dead. And if we stick to the path, we'll be fine. We'll meet no more out laws in the forest." 

	"Right, just ghosts and monsters." Trishia countered, watching Volencia shuffle off to vomit again.

	Damion lifted Volencia into her saddle, then went to offer Trishia help up. "We'll bed down early. Besides, it'll be more dangerous on the road back the Thambair than it was earlier." Damion argued, but she shook her head, arms over her chest. 

	"We're all hurt. Let me take my Highness home. Please. I don't want to do this anymore." 

	"You may go back, if you must, Trish. But I need to go on. It's the best we can do, the sooner we start, the better off we'll all be. I didn't mean to hurt anyone, I'm so sorry." Volencia wiped at her cheeks, worried Trishia would return and tell her father everything. Knowing she wouldn't stop her. 

	"Before we do anything, I need to know," She looked straight at Damion, "are you a demon?" Damion took an affronted step back, staring at her. The problem was, he didn't know how to answer that question. Not without saying too much. "If you're not, then tell me, why do your eyes turn all black? Why do you start to look like one when danger arises?" Her eyes were hard and calculating, as she stiffly made her way between him and the Princess. "I love her. She is my future Queen, and I would lay my life down this very moment to protect her, from you or herself." 

	Damion nodded, stepping back. "I wouldn't have it any differently. Trish, we both respect and love you. I'm not perfect. I never will be. But you deserve to know that I love her too." He looked away, uncomfortably. Messing with the saddle packs of his horse. "I have magic that works differently from most. I know that you have very little magic at all and it will be hard for you to see mine in action. From what I've been told, no one else has both magics. There are two. Creation and Nihility. Do you know what that means?" 

	She shook her head. "I don't know magic." 

	"May I explain?" As she nodded, he let out a breath of relief. "Okay. So, you know the magic you've seen the Princess do, the King, her mother, and many others, yes?" She nodded. "Have you ever seen Gregron, who is the only one in Thambair that I know of who has Nihility magic, use it?" She shook her head. "Okay, that makes this harder" His brow scrunched, looking for an explanation being denied him.

	Volencia coughed. "It magic and anti-magic, Trish."  She explained. "Most people have magic. Anti-magic is hard to come by, but you know the Captain of the Guard? My father's most loyal he has Nihility magic himself. My beloved Damion, he has both. According to the laws of magic, it shouldn't be possible yet, here we are. When his eyes turn dark like that, he's using Nihility magic. It's only as scary as it is because it's so rare. He would never hurt us. Not you, not me. I trust him wholly with this. We wouldn't be here now if he hadn't. My magic earlier would have killed you. The only reason I knew I could use it was because I knew that he was close and would protect us. You know I have a problem controlling my magic." 

Trish nodded. She knew, better than most. She'd picked up more of those pieces than anyone else as the Princess desperately tried to gain hold of it. 

"I know you know. I want you to trust my judgement on this. He protected and save you in a way I couldn't. He's not a demon, but a hero, Trish. His magic works in mysterious ways, to everyone. He's a once in a millennia exception. There are no records of a mortal being able to hold both magics." 

Damion grunted, looking at the sky. It was definitely getting later into the afternoon, and they needed to start riding if they wanted to get to Samanthia by nightfall tomorrow. "Either way, we need to go. Are you coming with us? If so, she can answer any of your questions on the way. If not, we'll move forward and you can go back, at your own peril." 

"Damion!" Volencia scolded. "That was too forward." 

"Was it?" He countered, "We've waisted over an hour here now. And we still have to get through the forest. We'll be lucky if we hit my safe spot for the night now, let alone having time to put up camp. You're not the first to think me a demon for my magic, and I doubt you'll be the last. However, we are running out of time." He even wondered; would they be safe if he lost control? Volencia had no idea how bad it could get. 

"And yet, I watch you break her heart again and again." Trishia cried. "Day in and day out. I don't see those as the action of a hero." 

Damion stopped messing with his saddle bags and looked down at his boots. Volencia seemed stuck on words. "I'm not trying to hurt her. I'm trying to protect us both. I know she told you of that first night. That someone else possessed me." Trishia's eyes widened, and he knew that she hadn't understood it well, "you know that's the man she thinks she's in love with. She wants to rescue him from whatever prison he's in. She gave her heart and body to him that night." He couldn't wait any longer. He went to Trishia's mare and started unloading what he would need.

"What are you doing?" She asked, putting her hands up to stop him.

"Freeing you. You're welcome to follow or go. We'll hold no grudge either way." When her hand covered his, he almost growled at her. He was glad he didn't. 

"I'm going with you then. No need to change my horse. If you'd be kind enough to help me up?" Her hand gently caressed her mare's neck. "I'm sorry." She said over her shoulder raising her hands to help pull herself up as he boosted her. "I didn't realize when she looks at you she see your face but loves another. I can't imagine how hard that must be. Especially since you're falling for her. I don't envy you." 

	Damion grunted "Hmmhn." Without growling he left her sitting her horse. Volencia was sitting atop her mare also. He clambered onto his steed and started off. Willing anyone who wanted to follow to do so. 

	

###chapter Twenty-nine
The forest wasn't overly dangerous if you knew how to maneuver through it. On horseback, it was even safer, because they couldn't travel in the densely forested areas that were always dangerous. Damion had to make a lot of amends to his route. Soon, Volencia wanted Trish to ride with her, and Damion wasn't going to neglect her. Once they were riding side by side, the chatter didn't stop. 

	They rode as hard as they could. Still not making Damion's camp as desired.  When the sun started to dip that was when he decided that they would stop right there and make camp. It wasn't as open as he would have liked, but he couldn't wait much longer. Especially since he was worried about Volencia. She kept getting sick every time they stopped to eat. The first time he thought that using as much magic as she had caught up to her, but when it happened two more times, it started to scare him. 

	The first thing he did was put up the shield, explaining that they wouldn't been seen, but they could still be heard, so as the creatures came out, they needed to be quiet. Just as they would hear the beasts hunting. 

	Once the shield was in place, he tied the horses and left to find stones and firewood, asking his companions to wait for him. He handed them each a water skin and food. Volencia sat beside Trish and laid her head on her friend's shoulder. 

	"Are you sure you're okay? You look pail and haven't kept anything down all day." Placing the stones he carried near the fire pit, he knelt down in front of her. 

	"You know what I really want?" She asked, not opening her eyes. 

	"What's that?" 

	"I want milk. It's creamy, frothy, and delicious." Damion chuckled. She usually did have milk for breakfast or lunch. 

	"We'll be able to get you milk tomorrow once we reach the village. Is there anything I can get you from the pack instead? I do have some cheese and bread." 

	She nodded and he handed Trish a ration of food to split between them. He pulled out a skin of food oil and some pots and pans and placed them on the ground in front of the women. He left to grab what they needed and wasn't overly successful getting enough stones to build a fire pit, so when he got back, he took his iron sword and used it to help him dig a pit instead. He was sweating by the time he was finished getting the fire ready. Volencia curled up close to him when he finally sat down to eat with them. 

	The darker it got; the more noise started to filter into their camp. The horses weren't settling well, and Volencia and Trishia were terrified. They couldn't see out into the forest, Damion had made sure of it, making the shield black as night. The night-creatures sniffed around the camp, one even kept trying to slam into the shield. It could probably smell the horses. Damion still set the bed rolls out. Having not slept in two days, he thought he would at least be able to get a few hours. But it wasn't working out that way for him. 
	
	Laying out the bedrolls, Volencia curled up on one side and him and Trishia on the other. It left him uncomfortable, and hot. And some time in the middle of the night, Volencia stole his pillow and Trishia stole his blanket. There was a particularly meddlesome rock square in the middle of his back too. And the horses were not impressed will the noises around them, and kept stomping and whinnying, which only brought more attention down on them. 

	By the time morning came, Damion was even more tired and weary than before, but Volencia and Trishia were feeling better. They left early in the morning, and it was after lunch when they arrived at his home. It wasn't until they were nearly in Samanthia that Damion started to get excited about finally being home, after what had felt like eternity. He couldn't wait until he could talk to Travion about everything. Not having him there had been the hardest. Of course, he missed his parents, but Trey was his rock. Usually. 

	Pulling Dark Night up short, Damion slid from his saddle, raising his face to the sky. He heard Volencia behind him. "Oh, Trishia, do you smell that! Something smells delicious." 

	Damion laughed, he hadn't told them the Samanthians were expecting them today and would have a feast in their honor. Overall, the Samanthian folk were magicless. But Damion was not and had a special connection with his brother. They could speak though their minds if they were within about a day of each other. So, Damion had warned his brother of their coming the night before when he'd first been able to make contact in the middle of the night,

	"Just you wait. You have no idea what you're in for tonight." Damion smiled, leading his horse on an open path now.

	"This looks like an actual road," Volencia dismounted also. "Are we that close?" 

	"Yes, the village is close. The shield is just beyond that bridge. It's a little slick. You should lead your horse over, Trishia, incase she slips." Trishia complained briefly, no where near as graceful on her dismount as Volencia had been. Discarding the dress had been a good idea. All the horses shied away from the shield at first and it was Morning Star who stumbled on the small bridge nearly knocking Volencia into the shallow river. 

	"Who puts a bridge over a brook?"  Trishia asked, looking at the slow bubbling water. 

	"It's a brook now, but in the spring during the melt, it rages, and the bridge is necessary." 

	A doe lumbered into their path, grazing easily, unconcerned with them at all. "Damion!" Volencia exclaimed, grabbing his arm, "She's so beautiful." 

	"You'll see a lot of wildlife here. Many animals come in the night for the protection offered. If you come to the field before day break, you'll see all sorts of creatures." 

	"Must make hunting easier." Trishia laughed. 

	Damion was about to reply when another voice boomed from the thicket. "That wouldn't be very fair." It was followed by a booming laugh, and Damion's smile grew. His company jumped though. "We're not the kind of folk who would slaughter animals who come for sanctuary." A large blue lizard blocked their path. Volencia beamed with excitement, but Trishia gave a squeal of terror and put her horse between her and them.
	
		As groggy and overtired as he was, Damion took a cheep shot at Volencia, "Something else you didn't tell Trishia about, I presume?" 

	Her excitement vanished, replaced by shame as her feet froze to the earth. "I'm sorry." She looked down at her boots. "I did, but it's overwhelming seeing something or someone you've never seen before. I did what I could."

	"You need to have more care with other's feelings in the future." Damion poked her in the ribs gently. Smiling down, regretting snapping at her. He let his horse go off toward the meadow and opened his arms to the lizard before them. "It's good to be home!" 

	The lizard pulled Damion into a massive hug, jiggling him around like a rag doll. "By the name of the Goddess, I've missed you little brother!" Travion wasn't letting him go. "Holy gods! You smell awful. Poor girls, having to put up with such a stench!" 

	"Trey I need to breath, you snake! Put me down." Travion laughed, Dropping Damion none too gently. 


###chapter Thirty
Volencia released Morning Star, who follow Dark Night on their wandering of the field. She awaited an introduction eagerly. Trishia hung back with the horses. Damion, straightening himself out, waving Volencia forward. "Travion, let me introduce you to our guests. This is the Princess Volencia, of Thambair, daughter of King Venron. And the young lady hiding beside the horses, that's her entourage and maiden, Trishia. My dears, this is my younger brother, Travion." 

	Travion offered a deep bow. "Might I say, I'm honored to meet you both. Welcome to our humble village. I pray you each make yourselves at home. If there's anything you need, all are eager to accommodate. I would think to start though, you would all like to freshen up a bit, if the smell of my brother tells me anything." Travion laughed, and Damion sniffed at himself, making a face. 

	"Thank you." Volencia made an awkward curtsy without her dress. "We would appreciate your hospitality." 

	Travion's eyes sparkled like a river, as bright and blue as his scales. Travion was nearly two heads taller than Damion, his body was twice as thick and wide. His muscles just as defined as Damion's under the scales. Those around his neck were small, no more than thumbnail sized. Thought the skin around his face was all thick and leathery. And like a snake, from the bottom of his jaw, to the tip of his tail, there were long palettes that ran crossways. He wore very little clothing. No more than a pair of short pants that ended at his knees; the same hand-woven cloth Damion was wearing the day they first met. Each hem reinforced with a small line of fur. 

	"I hope travel was easy enough for you?" Travion asked, holding out an elbow to her. Damion turned back, realizing Trishia wasn't with them. 

	Volencia blushed, "It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be, honestly. Our first morning we were attacked by brigands. And the ride was hard. Sleeping on the ground with all those beasts surrounding us was the worst though. Do you hear them in the forest all the time?" Volencia felt like she already knew Travion, wrapping her arm around his felt like she was visiting an old friend. 

	"Nah. Not unless there's a big spat nearby. We've been here long enough that most just leave this area alone. There's nothing of interest here to them." Travion shrugged, patting her hand. 

	"Come on, Damion. Everyone is waiting. I was hoping we would all enter the village together." Travion called. 

	Damion's head popped into view from the field. "She doesn't want to join us. Princess, Trish is having some sort of panic spell. I don't know what to do." 

	Volencia dropped Travion's arm and went to help. It took her a few quiet minutes, but she was more pliable under Volencia's coaxing. "I'm afraid, my Princess. I don't really want to be here, and there's going to be so many of them. What if they decide they don't want us here?" 

	"That's not going to happen, Trish. My father knew these folk better than anyone. He wouldn't have let us come if he thought for a moment, they would hurt us. Besides, you have Damion and me to keep you protected. You are perfectly safe. We won't let anything happen to you. I promise." 
	
	Volencia wrapped her fingers through Trishia's and looked up at Damion. "I think we can go now. Will you escort us into the village?" 

	Damion took her arm, smiling down at her. "It would be my honor, Princess." He led them back down the path to where Travion waited. 

	"Before we go, may I be frank with you, Travion?" Volencia asked. 

	"Of course. We are a common folk here, I greeted Damion by telling him how awful he smells, remember?" Damion rolled his eyes at Travion. 

	Volencia giggled, resting her head against Damion's shoulder. "I just wanted to tell you, I think you are beautiful. Your scales are like the blue of a running river, and your eyes the depths of the deepest pool. I was told most of you are green and brown. I guess I assumed" 

	"Most are, Princess." Travion interjected. "I'm one of two blue lizards here in the village. Me and my son, Little Lennion. Who is anxiously waiting for us to join them." 

	"I didn't know, how did that happen?" 

	"Well," Travion put his fists on his hips, "I wasn't from Claglion. My folk were further south. But after the attack on Claglion, many of our folk were in danger from others. They became hunted. The River Lizards were safer than most, as they rarely interacted with others. I was just an infant when we were attacked. Damion was young and had a nightmare or something. He brought our mother to the destroyed village, using his magic somehow, and found me. She wrapped me up and looked to see if there were any other survivors, but it was only me. If Damion hadn't brought her to the village when he did, I would have died. They brought me home, and I ended up being the youngest in our ever-growing family." He chuckled. "We were both outcasts, for the most part, during our childhood. One of the reasons we've always been so close. We didn't truly belong, though we've figured out our own place here eventually."

	"Why didn't you tell me?" Volencia asked, looking up at Damion.

	"Well, I guess I never thought of it. Honestly, it was a long time ago. I'm not even sure how it happened. I've never since been able to just appear somewhere, even short distances."  Damion still looked incredibly tired. 

	"Alright, come, lets go meet everyone and see your home?" 

	Damion nodded, and they walked together. "Keep in mind, it'll be small, but comfortable. You and Trish will get my house for yourselves while we're here. All we have is yours." The path opened to the village, which was bigger than Volencia had expected, sprawling out in all directions. The homes were quaint and mismatched. Some were stone, some were clay, others were made entirely of wood. There were some that looked new and others that looked in need of repair. The rooves ranged from those that looked like long grass, others thatched, and some had clay tiles. One thing they all had in common were that they were built in neat little rows, broken down into sets of four. Between these homes, each set had one or two fruit trees, and beautiful gardens growing everywhere. 

	Damion would stop as lizards came up to shake hands. Some even bowed. Everyone wanted to meet her. Sometimes, from those who were older, and remembered, they would tell her how much she looked like her mother, or how she had her father's eyes and hair. They didn't surround her, and they were short and quick with their introductions, telling her to only ask if she needed or wanted for anything. That they would let them all rest and freshen up but hoped to speak again soon. There were more folk than she had been expecting, and it made her happy to know they were thriving as well as they were. 

	They neared the center of the village and a large square opened to them. An enormous fire pit sat in the center, some lizards were beside it, roasting whole pigs, or using the strategically placed ovens around the outside. 

	"We don't ever use the full pit in the summer months. That won't happen until midwinter when the world is at it's coldest. The fire burns so hot, that the snow will melt from here to nearly the edge of the wood. It helps keep the chill at bay." Damion explained, as she marveled at the largest structure in the village so far.  

	The Samanthians who were cooking around the fire looked up at their approach, waving with a smile, but didn't leave their spots to come say hello. Across the pit a group of children cheered the moment they realized they were there and ran at Damion, jumping and giggling, "Damion's back! Look he brought friends!" 


***

*Please leave a comment if you're enjoying the story so far, also, come check out my Author page on facebook! @Justine.Hedman or look me up "Author Justine M Hedman" 

**Happy reading!!**

###chapter Thirty-one
	Damion dropped Volencia's hand as one of the striplings launched herself at them. Catching her in the air, Damion lifted her high and twirled her around. She laughed and squealed. As he put her down, he got to a knee and they covered him in seconds. 

Several young girls crowded around her too, pulling at her shirt, or playing with her messy braid. Kneeling in the middle of them like Damion, they asked her a million questions all at once. 

"How did you meet?" 

"Why are you here?" 

"Are you going to get married?" This question, among many other silly ones, made her laugh, and she pulled a young girl into her lap, watching Damion wrestle to boys in the street. 

"Well, the quick version is this. I was in big trouble, and Damion rescued me. I would be the prisoner of an evil sorcerer right now if he hadn't come to my aid." The girls all gasped and covered their mouths. "Since he helped me, I've hired him to stay and continue protecting me. He's been telling me all about everyone of you." She rubbed the cheek of another stripling who giggled at her touch, "So when he told me he had to come here, I asked if I could too. I've been wanting to meet you all so badly." 

This was about the same time that the others really started to collect around them. "She looks just like her father." An older lizard announced. 

"No, he would be wresting the little monsters like Damion, see how she's just kneeling in the dirt telling stories that's what Rosencia would have done." 

Another agreed, "She's just lovely." 

All around them folk whispered, some called out welcomes, most didn't come too close. An older lizard approached Damion, reprimanding him quietly, "Shouldn't you be acting more diplomatic at a time like this?" He started pulling the striplings off Damion, and they disbanded with an, "Awe." And Damion got back up on his feet, clearing his throat. 

He chuckled, running a hand through his tasseled hair, "Sorry about that. I guess they overpowered me, and I didn't really think" he turned, looking down at her with a charming half smile, "Hopefully you've taken no offense, Princess?" 

"Not at all." She took his hand as the little one on her laps scootched away, "I think it's wonderful their so happy to see you. You've got quite a way with children." He lifted her up, and she pressed a hand to her belly, "They absolutely adore you." 

"We've got a soft spot for each other." He reached down, pulling the only little blue stripling into his arms. "This is my nephew, Little Lennion." 

"HI!" Lennion smiled, his tail whipping around happily.

"Awe, you look just like your father."  She smiled, giving him her hand. Once again, she was soon shaking hands with everyone waiting to meet her. She hadn't realized before, but as big as Travion was compared to Damion, he was shorter and slimmer than most of the others. No wonder Damion had seemed at ease fighting so many that were smaller than him when attacked or training. If he was used to training and fighting with folk nearly twice his own size, he must have felt he was at a better advantage still. 

Travion allowed this to go for a while, before finally raising his arms high and speaking over them. "We are all eager to let the Princess know how welcome she is here, and to talk to Damion of his exploits, but they have traveled far and hard to get here and need time to rest and refresh themselves. We'll see more of them at our welcoming feast tonight, friends." His little speech worked well, and the Samanthians back away respectfully. 

"Thank you. This was the warmest welcome I'm so glad to be here." 

Damion's hand found hers, their fingers intertwining as his eye gently caressed her features, "I'm glad. It's my hope and pleasure for you to be as happy as you can be." She looked back to find Trishia hanging back with Travion, looking down at her bootstraps. 

"Will we be meeting your parents first? Then going to freshen up?" Volencia asked, as he led her down a small dirt path toward the edge of the village.
 
"Whatever you prefer." He pointed to the end of the road, where a beautiful white tree, with long flowing purple leaves, grazing the grass below like a wilting willow. On either side of the magnificent tree, were two of the most quaint and adorable homes she ever seen. They were wood and clay, wood on the bottom half of the home, and soft, straight clay reached the wooden rafters in the rooves, which were covered in red clay tiles. The windows all had shutters, colored to match the roof tiles, with flower boxes below matching the log cabin style of the bottom part of the home. The boxes and sills were exquisitely carved with wildlife scenes, and flowers. As were the doors and jams. Large flat stones curved from the front doors to the dirt road. Running along both sides were the pretties purple and yellow flowers she had ever seen. They matched the purple of the tree, and brought attention to the yellow flowers beneath it, and the yellow fruit hanging from the limbs.
 
Volencia stopped, staring at the scene opening before them. Her hands went to her chest as she took it in. "It looks magical. Who lives there?"
 
Damion practically glowed with pride. "The one to our left is my house. The one to the right of the tree is my parents. And there's a third, you can't quite see it from here, on the other side of my house. That's where Travion and his family live. Just beyond our little family garden." He rocked back on his heals, his smile so deep, his left dimple showed. "Do you like it?" Unable to find the words, she kept staring and could only nod. He bent down to whisper in her ear. "It's all yours. Modified for our folk, I think you'll like it here. Wait until you see the bath." He winked.
 
"That tree" Volencia heart raced. She knew this tree. The tree Hero hadn't wanted to bring to life back at the Temple of Ephira. He'd said it was growing where it was loved. The tree was here, with Damion. It looked to be loved, just as he said. 
 
"It's beautiful, isn't it?" He took her hand and started walking toward the small hill it sat on. "It has the most delectable fruit. I've never seen another like it before. It's our chartis tree. Sitting beneath it's shade is my favorite place in all of Rhelia."
 
"Even the grass around it is greener than everywhere else. I've never seen anything so beautiful." Damion pulled the curtain of flowing leaves back. As she stepped into the cover of the tree, a lavender-citric scent overwhelmed her senses. It was the most exotic smell she'd ever encountered. It felt like stepping into a different world, a world they were meant to be alone in. He wrapped her in his arms, before plucking one of the fruits from the tree.
 
He peeled it, tossing the skin of the fruit near the trunk, "Little critters always come looking for the leftovers." Handing her the fruit he smiled. It was juicy, citrus-honey and something more. Volencia closed her eyes, laying her head on his chest. His breathing was even. His arms warm. His heartbeat like music under her ear.
 
"I think this is my favorite place in the world. Right here. Like this. With you." She felt his head press against hers, and he sighed. She wasn't sure how long they stood there, holding each other, but the world never felt so right. Even with Hero, there was much lacking. With Damion, it was all right here. Everything she'd ever wanted in the world. 
 
"Would you like to swing?" His eyes were bright with excitement as he looked down at her, tilting her face toward his with a finger. They were so close. Her heart started to race as she looked up at him and he started to bend down toward her. Her eyes closed, lips parted. He was going to kiss her. This was exactly what she needed.
 
"Damion?" Someone called from nearby. "Damion, what are you doing?"
 
He jumped, backing away from her with a blush and running his hand through his hair. He swore under his breath before, plastering a fake smile on. "I was showing the princess the chartis tree." He called back, and the leaves rustled to the side as a lizardess poked her head through. "We were going to come in to see you in just a moment."
 
The lizardess's eyes narrowed at Damion, but she shot Volencia a sweet smile. "You must be Princess Volencia?"
 
Volencia tried not to look too disappointed. "Yes, I am. I assume you must Kirna, Damion's mother?" She smiled politely, curtsying awkwardly.

"I am. Nice to know my son talks about me. I hope they're good things that he says." She held the branches up, but didn't try to join them inside. Volencia stalled taking another bite of the chartis fruit, trying to act as natural as possible. Thought it was difficult, Damion's face was clearly on fire, even in the shadows.

"Mom when I told you they were out here looking at the tree, that wasn't an invitation to come join them." Travion came in, annoyed. "I asked you to give them a moment." 

"For what?" Kirna placed her hands on her hips. "Are you doing something that we shouldn't know about? Are you-" 

"Mother!" Damion and Travion both said, at the same time. Volencia had never heard Damion refer to his mom as mother. 

###chapter Thirty-two
Travion pulled her from the tree, and Volencia could hear them talking, but couldn't make out what they were saying. "I'm sorry, Damion." She took another bite of chartis, it melted in her mouth like sugar, tasted like citrus-honey-flowers, and she still had a good chunk of it in her hand. 

"You have nothing to apologize for. Mom's just excited and let's be honest, it was a little weird having her come up on us like that. I wasn't thinking." 

Volencia smiled faintly, "You should not think more often then." With a giggle, she followed Travion and Kirna out, nibbling another piece of chartis. Just before the curtain of leaves closed, she turned back, "I want this moment to last. Any time we can come in here, and be like that again, please, let me know. You said you would do anything to make me happy? I would like more of that while we're here." 

Damion stared at her as she dipped from the safety of the chartis. He didn't follow. Not immediately. So Travion took up her introduction. "Mother, this is Princess Volencia of Thambair, daughter to Queen Rosencia and King Venron."

"You look like your mother but have your father's hair and eyes. That's exactly what your mother wished for. We're so happy to have you here with us. My Lennion, Damion and Travion's father, was the best of friends with your father." Walking forward, she grabbed Volencia's hands and held them in her own just before pulling her into an unexpected hug. "We're so happy to have you here." 

If Damion always made her feel safe and wanted, Kirna made her feel more. She radiated the love of a mother and protector, just like her own had. "I can't tell you how happy I am to have you here." 

"Look," Kirna pulled away, looking at her with worry, "I know you had a long travel here. But I have food ready if you want it. If not, there is a bath ready for you at Damion's. We want you to be comfortable, first and foremost. I had Trey start the fire for the bath an hour ago, so it will be warm." 

"I don't want the bath to grow cold, but a good meal would do me and Trishia a world of good." Damion finally joined them, pushing the curtain of leaves aside from the chartis tree. 

"My bath won't grow cold, not if Travion lit the fire. You have time. We can join them at any point you want, and you'll have a nice warm bath to escape to when it becomes too much and you're tired. I told you already, your going to love my bath." He came out of the tree with a sense of purpose and pride, "It's even large enough for you and Trishia to enjoy together if you wanted. I can lay from one end to the other completely submerged and not touch my head and toes to one side." He bowed, "My princess." 

Volencia stared at him a moment, before holding up a finger and going to her maid. Trishia admitted she was hungry and wanted a bath. Not being a bit helpful in making up her mind for her. "So, am I to understand, the food will get cold, but the bath will not?" 

Kirna smiled, "Well, what you don't eat now will only be here later. I can keep it hot. When I say it's what will make you happy, I mean it." Kirna, however, was leaning against her door jam, and seemed eager to have her in the house. Volencia knew that Kirna wanted her join them. Her father's best friend lay beyond that door, and she desperately wanted to meet him. 

Damion shrugged, giving her a small smile. "Go. I'll join, you if you eat. I can't join you in the bath." 

That was enough for her. Damion being there was half her battle. "Okay, let's go eat. Then Trishia and I will go for a bath after." 

Kirna opened the door, holding it as they entered the home. Volencia wasn't sure what she was expecting, but something so quaint and cozy hadn't been it. Directly to the right of the door was a table, two large stools sat at it. They had no backs, but the seats were covered in purple plushy pillows.  The walls were half wood and half clay, matching the outside. 

To her right, there were two large stick and pillow nests nestled in the corner of the house and just beyond that, a half wall lined with pots and bowls, among other nick-nacks, which were placed in orderly fashion. Not a speck of dust to be found. The colors ranged from purple to greens, none as spectacular as what she saw in the city. But everything had its place. Just like Damion's room always did. 

	Toward the back of the home, large windows surrounded the kitchen space where Kirna had shuffled off to. The heat from her indoor stove burned hot, but the windows kept cooler air blowing, and her green and purple curtains fluttered. On the sills were a number of small plants in hand tossed pots and looked more like herbs than flowers. More shelves lined the walls and hand made plates, cups and utensils were stacked with care. A pie sat on the lowest shelf, cooling. She could still see the steam curling around the top. 

	They had a beautiful marble countertop. Veins of green, blue, and gold ran between the fissures. Clear and clean and swirling through the surface, this way and that. Kirna pulled a small boar from the oven, placing it in center of the counter. Volencia rushed for the door. Damion following. 

"You okay?" 

She shook her head, running out into the grass in front of the house. Falling to her hands and knees, vomiting. 

"Uh" He rushed after her. "Princess?" he asked, holding her hair back and out of the way. His face pinched with worry. He handed her his handkerchief. When she was finished, he said, "I don't understand why you keep throwing up. Are you not feeling well? Is it because you used too much magic?" 

"I'm sorry." She stood, needing his help. "I'm so hungry, but there's a lot to take in here. I think my nerves are getting to me. This has never happened to me before."

Damion nodded, taking her hand in his. "That's fair. If you're going to nap, Now is the time. There will be time for dinner after." 

"I don't want to disappoint your mother, of all folk. I should go back in." 

"You won't." Damion helped her onto wabbly legs, leading her to his home. "You need rest. I need rest. She'll understand. I promise." He opened the front door. "I'll go get everything from the horses and have Trishia come to help you. Bath's already drawn, just behind the half wall back there." 

Covering her mouth, she ran outside again, throwing herself into the grass. Her body heaved and hurt, but there wasn't anything in her stomach to come up. Damion knelt beside her. When she was finished, he held out a handkerchief for her to use. When she burst into tears, he wrapped his arms around her, letting her cry on his shoulder. "What's wrong with me?" She hiccupped. 

"Nothing, like you said, it's probably just nerves." He pulled her up again, leading her into the house. Travion, Kirna, and Trishia had all seen her in the grass. Trishia was the only one to follow them inside. "Here, sit down and take a few deep breaths." 

Reaching up to the top shelf Damion pulled down a corked bottle and popped it open. Pouring a small amount into a cup. "Here, sip this. It's chartis wine, very mild, but should help your nerves." 

There was a soft knock on the door, and Kirna opened it slightly. "Would you mind if I came in for a moment, dearest?" 

"No, not at all." Volencia looked up, smiling. "I'm so sorry. I just don't know what my body is doing. I feel fine, my stomach just isn't cooperating right now." 

"Oh, no need to apologize dearest," Kirna took a seat at the table with her. "What are you drinking?" 

"Chartis wine, Damion thought it would help." 

"Can you just take a little whiff of it and tell me how your stomach feels when you do?" 

Damion chuckled, "Always the mother, aren't you?" As Volencia put the wine to her nose and sniffed, her stomach rolled again. 

"It also makes me feel unwell." Volencia pushed the cup away, frowning at it. 

Kirna went to her side, and put her wrist up to her forehead, then stood behind her to rub her temples. "Strong odors, but your still feeling hungry?" Volencia nodded, closing her eyes and leaning against the back of the chair. She nodded slightly, giving her an Mhm. "May I ask you something personal?" Mhm, Volencia nodded again. "You're still having your regular lady visits each moon?" 

Volencia froze, her eyes popping open. Damion's head whipped around, the color draining from his face. "Why does that matter?" Volencia asked, feeling dizzy. 

"Because of timing. If you are more than half a moon out from missing it, there is a chance you could be with child. Your hungry stomach, and the vomiting would make sense. You don't have a fever, and strong smells, particularly cooking meat making you nauseous, are some of the first signs of pregnancy. Have you been intimate with anyone?" The way her brow rose at Damion, Volencia realized she must have caught on that they were at least a little interested in each other. 

"Only once." She rubbed at her eyes, tears pooling there. "I should have had my visit about a week after I can't be pregnant. There has to be another reason." Volencia thought she was going to faint. Poor Damion, he hadn't even been party to what happened, not really. What would he do? What would she do? 

"It only takes one time love." Kirna hugged her close. Damion went down hard, aiming for the bed, but landing on the floor. He groaned, covering his face. "Am I to be a grandma once more?" Volencia only cried harder, and Damion jumped to his feet, heading out the door. "This isn't the reaction I was expecting from either of you. You look happy together. I know it's only been a short time, but if you're intimate, you must have expected-" 

"We're not not really. I barely gotten another kiss from him since that night. It was my fault, I never should have I shouldn't Oh Kirna, I've made such a mess of everything. He'll never forgive me now." 

"What happened? It's no easy task to force yourself on someone like Damion." It took Volencia time to get ahold of herself, but when she finally did, she explained everything to Kirna, who was gentle and kind despite everything. It was Kirna who sat with her near the tub and helped wash her hair. It gave Trishia time to lay down and nap too.

###chapter Thirty-three
Damion sat in the forest behind his house, staring off into the darkness beyond. If he didn't have bad luck, he'd never had any luck at all. He had been starting to feel differently, since meeting the Princess. Like he had a chance at something more. There was a lot he still had to tell her. Things he already should have told her. He was even more afraid to now. Creatures darted around in the shadows, and he wished they would come swallow him. 

The crunching of debris behind him warned someone was heading his way. He wished they wouldn't. He wasn't interested in talking. He wanted to sulk and be angry and feel cheated. He frowned. "If I wanted company, I wouldn't have come out here." 

"Yeah, I know. Things looked like they got a little intense back there. I wanted to make sure you were okay, at least to the point where you weren't trying to feed yourself to the beasties." Travion sat down heavily beside him. He said this in a joking manner, but Damion knew he was completely serious. 

"Go away. I don't want to talk, Trey." Damion refused to look at him. Right now, it was difficult not to turn and punch him. Not that Travion had done anything wrong, just to take out some frustration and he knew Trey wouldn't take it personally.

"You know I won't. Come back inside the shield and I'll leave. Otherwise, I'll sit here quietly with you." He was good to his word. He said nothing but having him there didn't make Damion feel better. Just more annoyed. 

After a while Damion finally scowled at his brother. "I'm not going to do anything stupid."

"I know." 

"Then leave." 

Travion just shook his head. "If you're going to talk, why don't you tell me what's going on?" 

Damion leaned over and put his head on Trey's shoulder. "What should have been the happiest day of my life is overshadowed. Just like everything else." Travion didn't ask any questions. Figuring it would be best to just let Damion tell him what he wanted when he was ready. "Why can't I even have this one thing. One small piece of happiness?" 

"I don't know brother, but I'm sorry." 

"What if she dies like my mother did? What if my blood is cursed, and she isn't strong enough to survive what if the baby carries the same curse I do?" Damion sat up, putting his head between his knees. 

"Good goddess Damion" Travion wrapped his arms around his brother. "You're going to be a dad?" Damion nodded, unable to prevent the tears that sprang upon him. "Why is this bad news? The princess is strong, we'll make sure she is okay during delivery. I mean you two look so happy together. It's early in your relationship, but you're clearly close." 

Damion's shoulders dropped even more. "I didn't choose to be intimate with her. When have you ever known me to be the type of person who jumps in this quickly?" 

"Whoa, wait say that again? How is that even possible?" 

"The first day we met I can't remember half the night. She said someone took over my body and my eyes turned to swirling quicksilver. He said he had to borrow my body and was able to because of my magic. He slept with her. Not me, just my body." 

"You've wanted to though, right?" Travion cleared his throat, "Gods, that doesn't matter does it. Fact is, you didn't shit Damion." 

"How am I going to explain it? The-the thing? Wait until you hear the whole damn story from her about that night. It's so damn close to the creation story, it makes me wonder if gods are real, and you know I've never believed before." 

"I don't know how you'll tell her, but you'll come up with something. Come on, lets go hide out in my house, have a glass of ale, and you tell me her story from that night." 

"If Birna gives me a hard time I swear" 

"She won't. We'll kick her out and she won't even get the chance." That's exactly what they did. He poured Damion a drink, and before his own glass was filled, Damion's was empty again. "Whoa, that's the fastest I've ever seen you drink." The second glass didn't go down as quickly. Damion told Travion about what he knew of Volencia's meeting with Ghost. 

Damion was just about to finishing up the story as he finished his ale. "You should have seen me panic. It was pathetic. And then she tells me this heart wrenching tail of how alone and scared she'd been. I just couldn't stay mad. Not two nights ago, the night before we left to come here, I tried. We were alone in her room and I finally got the courage to kiss her. Then, like a knife in the heart, she gasps that she'd been waiting to for me to kiss her like that again, and I just-I got so damn mad. It all keeps coming back to him, and now this. I just feel like I'm drowning. All I keep seeing is me, falling head over heels for her, and following her into some flaming prison, and like a fool, agreeing to stay there for all eternity so that she can have her real lover back. I'll not only get to spend the rest of eternity there, but I'll be broken hearted and miserable too." 

"Gods, Damion." Travion's head whipped up, and he slammed his cup on the table. "Don't you dare." 

"What else can all this mean? Am I to stop her from getting the father of her child back? Am I more important than freeing the All Father and restoring Ephira to the world? Because this is starting to feel like what's been laid at my feet, and I'm absolutely terrified."

Travion poured another glass, "Don't drink this one too fast. You'll be in your cups if you do, and you know you don't handle drink well." 

A knock sounded at the door, and all Damion could do was scowl at it. "Don't let mom or her in, please. I'm not ready to face either of them." Travion frowned at him, getting up to see who it was. 

Princess Volencia was dressed in a beautiful blue gown, and she had her hair completely down. "Princess? How can I help you?" Damion felt his eyes close. After telling Travion not to let her in, he still wanted to jump up and take her in his arms. Tell her everything he already should have. 

Volencia stood on her toes, looking past Travion. Probably trying to find him. "I wanted to talk to Damion. I was hoping he would come with me to the feast?" 

###chapter Thirty-four
Travion opened the door wider and looked at Damion. He was staring at the door, just waiting for the moment when he would see her. He didn't want to tell her no. He'd been looking forward to the feast too.  "Hey, Trey?" His brother looked over at him with a smile. "Can I have a moment with her? Please?" 

Travion nodded, opening the door wider as he let Volencia in as he went out. "Princess?" Damion looked up. "Let me just warn you, I have had my fair share of drink today. I'm a bit out of sorts." 

"Fair enough." She walked in, looking as lovely as she always did. "I don't suppose an apology at this time would be enough to make us right again, would it?" 

"We are right, Princess. I just-need time. I'm feeling overwhelmed." He looked into his cup, and placed it on the table, sliding it away from himself. "Why don't we take a break from it all, and just go enjoy some good company and food?" 

He almost melted as she beamed down at him. "That sounds like the best idea I've heard all day."

Damion reached a hand out to her hair, it was down, which was unusual for her. It ended at her waist. "What happened to your hair?" 

"Oh," she stepped back, twirling for him, "Your mom happened. She said that my mother never wore her hair beyond her shoulders when they knew each other. The laws that state a queen or princess were unable to cut their hair was created to prevent us from being able to fight back effectively. If we're forced to have so much hair, it trails the ground, or just gets in the way. They basically just needed to know that they could control everything about us. As she was telling me this, I started to remember, she was right. My mother's hair was to the middle of her back by the time I could remember, but she had always kept mine relatively short also. That didn't change until after my father was cursed." She pulled her hair over her shoulder, "Do you like it?" 

"I do." He ran his fingers through her hair. "You must feel better too. All that weight gone, and you won't have to wait for hours to get all those braids in and out all the time." 

"I can reach it all myself, too! I'll be able to bath on my own!" Dipping her head back, she closed her eyes, and Damion felt the burdens from earlier easing. He was glad he'd decided to invite her in. Seeing her happy made everything worth it. "It's so nice. It's freeing, I didn't realize how much I hated having all that hair." 

He opened the door for her and waved, "I bet." He gave her a lazy smile back. He let his hand rest on the small of her back as he walked beside her. 

"I'm going to grab myself a chartis, do you want one?"  

"Not right now." He hung back away from the tree. He didn't want to lose his head with her. "Maybe after we've eaten." She disappeared between the branches, reemerging a moment later. She popped a piece into her mouth as she joined him.

"Hey, I'm glad you guys came out to join us." A group of lizards waved from beside a table. Damion introduced her to everyone, as they handed out plates and cups. "Eat as much as you'd like. If you don't like it, feed it to Damion. He'll eat anything." They laughed, and Damion herded her toward the square. 

He was pretty quiet overall, and no one seemed to notice it. At one point, someone even just shrugged it off when she asked if he was okay in front of them. The lizard frowned. "He's just having one of his moods. Hopefully it doesn't last too long." 

"You have moods?" She'd questioned a little later in the evening, after their bellies were full and they were sitting by the fire. 

He stretched his legs out, leaning his back against the chair she had been given. "I suppose." He said lightly, tossing a twig into the flame. 

"More like a sadness that swallows him sometimes." a young lizardess offered, her name was Octra, and she had been one of the younger folk Volencia had really taken to, one of Travion's wife's friends. Their children were about the same age. "We all worry about him when it happens It's nice to see that there is someone who can keep him grounded when it happens." Volencia leaned forward, running her fingers through Damion hair. He leaned into her, choosing to ignore the comments from Octra. 

With him sitting in front of her, she rubbed his shoulders and neck. It was relaxing to feel pampered and full. "I wouldn't have guessed you had fits of sadness. You always seem have such self-control." Damion got a little nervous as some of the Samanthians exchanged surprised glances, but no one else added to the conversation and he let him left relax back against her. 

"Hey, Damion?" Travion walked up, placing himself between him and the fire. Damion looked up, not moving otherwise. "Do you think you'd be up for a fire story? I bet the Princess would love it." He kicked a thumb behind him, toward the firepit. 

"What story?" He already knew the one Trey would suggest. 

"I think the creation story would be a good one to start with." 

Volencia leaned down to whisper in his ear. "I've heard a lot about these fire stories, I would love to hear one." Her arm crossed over his chest, hugging him from behind. Holding her hand, he turned his head slightly, and they were nearly nose to nose. Her blue eyes shining in the firelight. "Please?" 

"Anything to make you happy, Princess." 

She giggled, her other hand cupping his face. "Well, that's easy enough." She started to lean forward, and this time, he let her lips brush against his gently. A cheer went up from others around them. 

Damion shifted, "Alright, if we're going to do this, I need to go get things ready." Standing, he dusted himself off. "Everyone go tell the others, we're doing the Creation Story for a second last time. If they want to come see it, we'll start in about ten minutes. Trey, I'm going to go see if mom and da wanna come." 

Trey nodded, following him. "This is going to be great. I've missed this so much." He was more excited than anyone.

###chapter Thirty-five
Volencia watched everyone gathering around. Some carried out chairs, others threw more wood on the fire. Children gathered in a large group as close to the fire as they could get. Birna set up three chairs beside Volencia. "Hey, I heard you helped convince Damion to tell the Creation Story, how did you do that? He swore years ago he'd never tell it again." 

"I didn't really do anything. Travion asked him, and I told him I'd love to see one of the fire stories, then I kissed him. Why did Damion stop telling that story?" Volencia asked, standing up. "And is there anything I can help you with?" 

"Sure, I'm going to run back home and grab a few blankets and get Little Lennion. He loves fire stories, and he's never seen this one." They headed back toward the house. "He doesn't tell this story anymore, but I'm not sure what happened or why. At the time, he'd been in a difficult place, and Travion had been having visions of the future. I think something happened there. He had been on the outs with ma and da for a while during that time. I think he'd mostly decided that he just hated the gods and that he didn't want to tell their story anymore. He's not usually unhappy here, but he's had troubled years. He's not always been as welcome here as he is now."

"He was so excited to come home, and he's never said a single negative thing about anyone or anything here. I didn't know he'd had troubles growing up." Volencia followed Birna into her home and was surprised as she shook Lenny awake. 

"Like I said, it's been better recently. Come on baby, dad and Damion are going to be telling a new fire story tonight, you're not going to want to miss it." 

"A new one?" The little stripling rubbed at his eyes, lifting his arms up to his mother. 

"Yes, baby. Come, they're going to start soon. Volencia, would you grab the blankets out of the chest by the bed please?" Birna pointed to a lovely chest tucked under the window beside their beds. 

"How many? Three?" Birna disagreed, asking for four instead. Which Volencia happily snagged, hugging them tightly, opening the door for Birna. "I'm going to grab a few chartis to bring along. I'll be right there." 

Damion and Travion were coming out of their parents' house, both helping to carry their father out the door. "Can I help you with anything?" She called over. 

"Yeah, why don't you carry dad over and we'll get the blankets." Travion laughed. "We're almost ready." 

"I'll be right there." She slipped under the tree, balancing the fruit on the blankets. They were placing their father beside Volencia's chair when she got there. She put the blankets on her own and started pealing the fruit. Damion still seemed off tonight, but he did turn a smile her way. "One quick moment before you head off, can I talk to you for just a second?" 

"Sure." He walked away from the crowd a little. "What's up?" 

"I just want to thank you. I heard that you haven't told this story in years. I don't know why, but everyone is really excited that you're telling it again. I'm excited to hear it." She took a step closer to him, happy when his hand came up to touch her waist and he didn't back away. 

"I know, it's most people's favorite. I just have a hard time with it is all. I decided to tell it tonight, because I think it'll help you understand a little better why I'm having a hard time with everything going on between us. At least a little, anyway." He plucked a piece of chartis out of her hand, popping it in his mouth. She wrapped her arms around him, hugging him tightly. 

"Then I really, really appreciate what you're doing." He hugged her back, and she felt his lips on the top of her head. 

"Okay, I've gotta go. It's time." She let him go, joining his family at their line of chairs. Birna had distributed the blankets, and Lenny asked if he could sit with her, so she pulled him onto her lap, and they cuddled together, waiting for the story to start. 

"I love fire stories!" Lenny bounced on her excitedly. For one so little, he was very heavy. 

"Don't bounce too much, sweetling. It hurts me a little." He apologized, settling down immediately and leaned against her, his head on her shoulder. 

Volencia leaned over, touching big Lennion's arm. "Why did Damion stop telling the creation story?"

His one good eye focused on her. "He hit a dark spot in his life, things weren't going well for him here and he became overwhelmed by being so different, and finding his magic was maturing in ways we couldn't help him understand. He came to believe the gods had forsaken him, and as such, he started to hate them. We did our best to protect him, but it wasn't always easy. Or enough."

The fire blew out suddenly, drowning them in darkness. Volencia jumped. A few others screamed, some of the striplings running for their parents and a shadow stepped forward in the darkness. Volencia exhaled.

"Once, there was a time of darkness. Nothing and no one existed. Somehow, our All Father, whom we call Beloved, came into this dark and desolate place and decided to fill it with beauty. In the darkness, the first thing he created was light." The fire bloomed larger than before, exploding in the darkness.  The Samanthians jumped again. Volencia was shocked, but more so because Lenny screamed and squealed before falling into gales of laughter, throwing his arms around her neck.
 
 "Happy with light and warmth, our beloved was overjoyed. But to just create for creations sake would have been chaos in open rambling space. So, he made land and sea as they are today." A sphere glowed green and blue above the fire. Mountains took form and waves crashed. The folk cheered quietly, awed at the sights before them. As land emerged from the waters

"But our beloved was lonely. The first life he brought into this world was a magnificent sight. The great golden dragon." A beautiful glimmering phantom of a dragon roared and flew overhead. Some folk screamed and striplings jumped. Lenny buried his face in her shoulder.
 
"It's Damion's magic. You don't have to be afraid. It's all part of the story." Volencia whispered, rubbing his back.

"As wise as she was beautiful, she worried that half the world lay in the darkness of shadows and he saw her wise council and agreed. Spinning the world on his finger, he created night and day. The day was lovely and warm, but the night colder and still so dark. Our Beloved then created the moon and the stars to twinkle, giving light and direction to the darkness. And so, night as we know it, was born." But even the light of life, Kaumaris, wasn't enough, shinning in the skyu. So, the All Father chose to create another light, Amaris, which is our blue sun that comes around four times a day, washing its warmth and beauty overall. 
 
The dragon roared again, and from her mouth flew a fire ball, which paled to a cool light hanging over the crowd as little diamonds of light flickered and floated around them, filling the space with an ethereal beauty.

"But the world was vast and good. Our Beloved desired a place to call home, somewhere to return to. He designed the Father tree, a massive beauty, and he loved it, it was his first real home." The tree Damion designed looked like his chartis tree, and her memory took her back to Hero, placing his hand on the chartis tree in the temple of Ephira. He had mourned its loss like he would a family member. It's grown back somewhere it can be loved; I could not force it to come back here to this lonely desolate place. She had told Damion that. Dots were starting to connect.

"But the great golden dragon had her first nesting and left him so she could care for her new brood. Now that he knew what it was like to not be alone, he found he didn't like it. And so, he plucked two fruit from his tree, laid them on the ground, and from the fruit, he grew the first two elves. Twins, who had the first names given to them, Locke and Keye. To each of the elves, he gave a small portion of his own magic, so they could help him work on his beautiful creations." 

As with the other images, this one unfolded before them, one glowed blue, the other green. They embraced. "He counted them as brothers and loved each deeply." The way Travion's head jerked a little to the side made her uneasy. "His love was quick to the mark, though who doesn't love their children?"
 
"Our beloved plucked the leaves from the tree and blew them from his fingers. Everywhere the leaves fell throughout the world, new trees sprouted and that's how our forests and jungles were born. He was happy again, for now he had brothers. Near equals. During this time, the three of them created many of the creatures we know today from the bugs, to birds, fish, and horses, even the Sand Dragons and so many in between. This is also when the elves, dwarves, humans, and Samanthians were born. Each given special skills to work together in peace and harmony. All things were good."

###chapter Thirty-six
Soon creatures of all kinds were walking, skittering, and hopping through the crowd. Travion paused, as folk walked around. The striplings jumped to their feet, chasing the critters this way and that. Lennion leaned over. "This is the most extravagant story they've ever told. There's not usually so many things going on all at once."
 
"Dad, why aren't there any females walking around?" Volencia asked.
 
"Oh, we haven't gotten to their creation yet dearest. Just wait." 
 
"Oh." Lenny bounced off her lap and chased after a smoke dragon curling through the crowd. Volencia's eyes searched beyond the magic creations hoping to catch a glimpse of Damion. The only thing she saw was the god, now standing still watching her. When their eyes met, he smiled. Two dimples, one on each cheek.
 
"What they found though-" the crowd froze, suddenly scrambling to get back in their seats, "was that the great golden dragon was the only creature who could reproduce." Travion's voice rang out. "Locke and Keye looked to the dragons to find what they were missing. Together, they created the first elven female. Made to give them the children they craved."
 
The twins molded a beautiful woman, which made Volencia blush. When they were done, the apparition looked just like her.
 
"They named her Ephira." Travion's voice carried out over them.
 
But Little Lennion shouted over him, "LOOK! The goddess looks like Lency!" Everyone turned to stare at her, before looking back at the apparition, a number of the younger girls giggled behind their hands.
 
"Oh, come on, it's just Damion being funny." Volencia felt the heat rising as the folk watched her with amusement.
 
The god standing under the tree smiled, then started walking toward her, which made her even more embarrassed. Those he walked through giggled and shook, the apparition was even as tall as Damion. The fact that his eyes looked like Hero's sent her emotions running in a million different directions. He leaned down, whispering in her ear. "It's not me being funny. I did this on purpose and for a very real reason, so please, pay attention."  The way the words reverberated in her head, like rubbing moss across the inside of her skull told her he wasn't really speaking through the apparition, but she could smell the mint on his breath all the same. Just like she could when she spoke with Damion. "Have you missed looking into these eyes?" He asked, standing back with a wink. "Have you missed me?"
 
Volencia cleared her throat. "I prefer looking into Damion's eyes," she didn't know how to respond using just her mind, so she whispered, "and I love Damion. I don't know who you are, but I feel like there's some connection between the two of you."
 
He closed his eyes, and when they reopened, they were the same color as Damion's, he winked at her, turning back. "Thank you." She whispered. When he turned around to smile at her, Volencia felt the butterflies in her stomach go crazy. As he settled beneath the tree again, the whole crowd exploded in applause.

"Can I start now?" Travion sounded annoyed. The apparition bowed with a smile and the people cheered them on again. Travion cleared his throat and continued. "They named her Ephira, and our Beloved was enchanted at first sight. This was the first, truly new thing he'd ever experienced, as she was nothing like what he himself had created. He asked the brothers if she could stay with him, if it was her desire, but they refused wanting her for themselves. Our Beloved contemplated making his own woman, but try as he might, nothing enchanted him as much as Ephira and a sadness fell over him. Unable to find inspiration to create now, he decided to leave the brothers to their creating, now that they were focusing on females and left to go back to his home, where he secluded himself for a time."
 
The tree and god disappeared from the scene, and the brothers were soon surrounded by women. With each one they molded and created, Ephira moved further and further away from them. "Ephira didn't appreciate that she was one of many that they were creating. She didn't like that they would pick and choose who they were going to favor at what time." Ephira went to the brothers, pulling them away from the other women. "Ephira demanded that she needed to be the one and only. That women needed love and compassion, not to feel like an object to someone. The brothers waived her off, demanding that she would do as they say, because she belonged to them. But she wanted none of it. She told them so, and left, unsure of where she would go, or what she would do. But as she traveled aimlessly, she found many places she would have loved to see more beauty. Flowering trees, tall grass meadows, and even imagined what creatures she would have created if she had the ability to do so. Until one day she saw the most beautiful thing. A tree in glowing the distance." 

All the images faded away on a soft breeze, until there was only the tree, the god sitting beneath, and Ephira walking toward it. As she approached, the god stood, looking surprised that anyone would be coming to see him. "As Ephira told him of her plight, how she didn't want to be an object to be chosen from, but to be the one that was wanted, the All Father understood her desires. As they mirrored his own. He told her about his brothers and the request. How they denied him. She became angry that they would do that, especially since she'd been telling them this since they started creating other females. She asked to stay with him, and he was thrilled, agreeing. And they were together for moons." 

The two of them held hands, both looking happier than they ever had. "Neither Locke nor Keye had cared when she left of her own free will. Though they also didn't know that she had found their brother and creator. The one so mystified by her from the start. But their love bloomed, quickly and steadfast. He made her a vow that she would forever be his one and only. And the first marriage in Ephira took place, male and female became one, for all eternity. He trusted her beyond all, and decided to give her, his equal, unimaginable power. That was when Ephira became the goddess of love and creation. Time marched on. Locke and Keye were creating towns, cities; Ephira was creating unicorns, crinchaw, flowers, owls, and so many other beautiful things. Our Beloved wanted to give her more. So, around their home, he built her a beautiful Temple, where anyone could come to see her beauty and honor her. She selected his favorite folk, the Samanthians, to help care for their home and help them." 

The Samanthians all cheered and Volencia sighed. The perfect love story. 

"News spread far and wide, about the goddess of the world. He became well known as the All Father, though his wife called him Necron." Volencia brow drew down. Necron? He was known as a tyrant. Someone who had come to try to destroy the world, and a hero had been called up by Ephira to protect them all. She didn't understand how this all twisted around, but she feared where that may lead them. As a child, she'd been enthralled by the story of Necron and the war Ephira had with him, but her father had hated that book. One night when she refused to put it down, he'd thrown it in the fire, as he raged.

"From here, as we all know, this story splits. There are many histories that tell the tale differently. But as their folk, who lived and loved among the gods, we tell the one that's true and right. The one the Arch Deaconesses have passed from one to another for centuries." The stars above their heads grew brighter, shining down over the crowd. "It was about this time that word had carried to Locke and Keye, who were curious who would be bold enough to call themselves goddess, mother of the world, and hence overshadow their reign. What they found, was their brother, in love with their first female. She had been given power that outshined theirs beyond compare, and they were angry. They tried to take her back by force, and so the first bad blood between them all was spilt." 

###chapter Thirty-seven

A fight broke out, and it was Necron who stood between his brothers and wife. A fierce call rang out. "Touch her, and I will kill you." In the darkness Volencia gasped, her mind racing to the last time she'd heard those words. They were back in Thambair, she was bloody and broken in the streets, and Damion was caught in web created by the council, struggling. When Larkisis touched her, that was when the tides had turned, and there he was, holding her. Her beloved. She started to sob, and those around her turned, watching her in surprise. Lenny wrapped his arms around her, "It's okay. It's just a story. Don't be afraid, Lencia." 

Travion didn't stop, "Peace became strained, and wars between the folk started to break out. The brothers tried many times to siege the Temple, but Necron wouldn't allow them to hurt anyone there, and would turn into a beast that ripped them apart, and his wrath was loosed upon the land. But he always returned to his beloved. And soon, he became even more protective of her when they were surprised by the realization they were with child, and he tried to make peace for all once again, and went to his brothers, telling them that he wanted a better world for his son or daughter." Before them, Locke stood, red with anger. Keye stood, green with envy, and Necron was no longer the light glowing silver he was at the beginning of the story. Instead, he was a swirl of darkness and glimmering silver bits. The only one who changed for the better, was Ephira. She went from her dully white glow, to shining a bright golden light, like the rays of the sun. "The folk of the earth resented the father and brothers for bringing battle and horror to them, and loved her all the more, because she was the one who walked the aftermath to healed them, healed their lands, and promised a brighter future. Necron had raised her up, for the world to see, and soon she was the only one they believed in. When her son was born, the world rejoiced." 

The Samanthians cheered again, and when she turned to the crowd, beaming, she held a little babe to her breast. Necron's colors eased, lightening again, and Locke and Keye's only darkened. "The brothers promised peace, for their nephew. They promised they would stop speaking ill of their sister nor would they try to take her from him again. And peace fell to the world, though many could feel tension in the air."

Another hooded figure could be seen, just behind the flames now, and he stepped forward but didn't come out of the shadows. "Peace was tenuous, and the gods clung to the little hope there. The child grew, knowing them all. Loving each in their own way. Like all the others though, there was a special bond between him and his mother, as there always should be. When he disappeared, and his uncles with him, it affected her in an awful way. True, unadulterated fear was born." 

The goddess crumpled beneath the tree, and Necron went to her, holding her. He became so dark, he was almost invisible in the night, nothing more than a shadow. As his beloved wailed and cried, he created creatures of darkness and horror, and sent them out, in search of their son. "From that fear devastation formed. His beasts tore up the lands. As they searched, they brought pain and suffering to the folk. And Necron demanded blood until the return of his son was had. When a Hero, dressed in the finest armor anyone had or would ever see, the world rejoiced. He protected them. He fought for them. And he claimed to love them and swore he would vanquish the evil beset upon the lands." 

When the Hero rose, he was covered head to foot in armor, a magnificent sword at his side. Necron and the Hero met in hand-to-hand combat, symbolizing the battles brewing around them. "This battle lasted years. Until finally Ephira pulled herself from her void and saw the unrest that seized the lands." Her hands went out, and a wave of golden magic rushed over them, "Stop!" She cried. "How dare you, all of you! Is this what you wanted? Why is the price to be paid in blood?" She moved, standing between them. "All we want is our son. Our most beloved, who was stolen from us."

"There is only one way that can happen." The Hero spoke, sheathing his sword. "The evil beasts in the world are because of him. He has allowed this to come to pass. I have created a prison that will contain him for all eternity so that we can set the world to rights and ensure this will never come to pass again." 

They argued and disagreed. The god went to his tree, sitting beside it and on the wind they heard him speak. "I will do what must be done. You, beloved, must choose." She would not give him up. She fought for him, cried for him, and then the twins showed up. "'He created all that we are, and all that we can be. You cannot condemn him for someone taking his child', the goddess argued. But the Hero would not relent. He told her, she would never see her son again, if she did not agree to have her beloved imprisoned. The twins argued that if he had taken better care of his creations, this would never have come to pass. The balance of the world was broken and shattered, and everyone knew this needed to be set right, but no one knew how to do it. Only believed their answer was true." 

Ephira went to her beloved, and she sat with him and cried. "This was their last night, and they loved each other like they'd never had before. Ephira slept beneath their tree, but the Father stood, and went to the Hero and twins. He told them he couldn't see her in this pain any longer. He told the Hero he knew who he was, and that this betrayal of his own parents was unforgivable. When the Hero told him he was not his father, but a monster to the world, our beloved lost all hope. But monsters don't sacrifice themselves for those they love, and that is what he did. He placed balances and checks upon the prison, and an armistice was born of their agreements." Volencia sobbed, her body shaking as Lenny rubbed her back. The Hero walked the father toward the fire, shackles and chain binding his hands and feet. A fiery beast leapt from the flames, rubbing his hands together eagerly. "A beast that feeds on souls, got the ultimate soul that day. This all took place while Ephira slept. Just before he entered the flames, he turned looking at the Hero and proclaimed." The words changed from Travion's to Damion's, "I will be back. Know, I forgive you, as you will see the errors of your choices. To you, brothers, you are denied any further affection from me. The moment I walk into this flame, you are dead to me, and when I come out, I will have my revenge on you for what you have done." Then he stepped into the flames. If you looked hard enough, you could see him in there, the beast with him, torment the only feeling on his visage. 

When Ephira woke, she was alone. She called for her beloved, but he was no where to be found. The twins went to her with the Hero in tow, "They gloated over their scheme, and when she saw that the Hero was her own son, her heart shattered. How could he betray them both? As the brothers gloated and jeered at her, reality seemed to come to Hero. They admitted they only wanted to get rid of their brother, and get back at her, their own creation, for surpassing them. In her weakened state, they told him that her beloved had made an unwilling pact on her behalf, and she would be forced to bind her magic and memories and would only be allowed to come back as a mortal when their brother did. Hero stepped forward, angry. He demanded a gift, for their betrayal; before they took her from him forever too. He laid his armor at her feet and asked her to bless it. So that one day, the one with a pure heart would put it on and go to take his father's place." Her hands shook over the armor, and her magic went into it. Once this was done, the brothers bound her, and her ethereal glow dimmed. She was mortal, and they took her as their own again, where she wilted into old age and died. The son, immortal still, left with his blessing, on a mission to find one pure of heart, to reverse the damage he'd evoked. "Both trapped and locked away from the world. Three immortals left. The twins and the hero. Rest and balance were never restored to the world. Their grip became too tight. Their power too strong. The son still roams they say, looking for the one who can save them from the biggest mistake the world had ever known. But their webs around him grew tight, and he faded into history, and no one even knows his name." 

Silence fell, and the images dimmed around them. Volencia still cried as the rest of the folks cheered and stood, clapping their hands. Lennion reached over to her, touching her shoulder. "It is a good, and sad telling. The boys did a fine job with it today. I'm sorry that it has made you sad, but the beauty is in the hope left behind. One day they will come back, and the world will be put to rights."

His words didn't ease the pain in her chest. It was Lenny's hugs that made her feel better. He was crying too, and they sat there as the others went to Damion and Travion to thank and congratulate them. The child made her feel better, and soon they were just sitting watching the fire. She knew, more now than ever, that she had to free him. They had to free him. They needed to set this right. She knew she would need Damion's help, and they would find whatever answers they needed. 

###chapter Thirty-eight
Damion enjoyed telling that story for the first time in his life. Her reactions were priceless. Finally, someone understood it like he did. Was stuck in it, and he no longer felt like he was forever alone. He was also over the moon about her comment; I prefer your eyes. I love you. Excited Samanthians surrounded Travion and him, talking about the story. They loved the addition when the god left the story to talk to Volencia. Most assumed it was just a cute addition to make their guest feel special. It was really for him. 

Travion elbowed him as the crowd dwindled and pointed. Volencia and Lennion curled in their chair together. Both asleep. Tears still streaked her cheeks. "Excuse us, we're going to go take them to bed." He pointed and the crowd parted for them. "Damion?" One of his and Travion's closest friends, the best hunter in the village, clasped Damion's shoulder. "It's nice to have you back, but it's even better to see you genuinely smiling again." The two embraced and spoke for a moment before Damion went after the princess. 

	Travion and Damion worked to untangle the two and Birna stood close by. "I didn't have the heart. They were so sweet during the story. Near the beginning when he got frightened, she eased his fears with gentle words. As she became sad, he reciprocated the same back. I've never seen him so tender." 

	Travion smiled, "Oh, he'll be a lady killer for sure." He pulled the stripling into his arms. "Yeah, just like his old man." She poked his ribs. "Ma, can you help me with da? Or would it be better to have the boys come back?" 

	His mom snorted, "We carry him everywhere else when they're not around. Of course we can do it." Lennion reached up putting his good arm around Birna and his stump around mom. They hefted him onto his one good leg. 

	Damion was last, taking Volencia carefully into his arms. He was exhausted and envied how she didn't stir while he tosseled her around. Trashia wasn't far from them, watching as he took her princess in his arms. "You changed the story so that it mirrored the other day, didn't you?" She asked quietly as Damion settled Volencia against his chest. 

	"No. I've told this same story a hundred times. The only thing that changed was when the god came out into the crowd. That bit was for her alone."

	"She'll be even more determined to save him now. You did yourself a disservice by telling her this story, especially in such a powerful way." Trishia wrapped her arms around herself, following him home. 

	"Trish, I've been doing her a disservice by not telling her. It's a powerful story and she deserves to know." 

	"Is it all coincidence?" She asked. 

	"I don't think so. I never believed a word of it before that night. But how can I deny it now?" Trishia opened the door for him as they reached the house. "Which bed did each of you decide to take for the night?" 

	Trishia smiled at him. "Would you be surprised if I told you she wanted the nest?"

	"No." He laughed. "I would have been surprised if you'd told me she wanted the bed." He knelt, tucking her in, pulling each leg up gently to remove her boots. He tucked his blankets around her, pushing her hair away from her face, and smiled down. She nestled in, sighing. He wanted to crawl in there after her and curl up to fall asleep in his own bed pushing the thought from his mind, he stood. "I'm going to head off to sleep." 

	"Sleep well, it's been a long few days. Before you go, how do you get water into your bath?" 

	"Oh, I'll do it." He went to the bath and pulled a panel on the wall off. "It's much easier than carrying buckets. There's a well beneath us, so this spicket runs down into it. You pull this out, then you pump this lever." The contraption folded out from the wall, and he took the handle lifting it up and pushing it down. "The ore the pipping is made from is thin, so please be slow and steady if you choose to try it." 

	"You don't have to fill the whole tub or heat it. I just need to freshen up a bit." 

	"It'll take two minutes to fill and about twenty to heat. I know you napped earlier and it's not that late. I have no problem lighting the fires. Prepping only takes a few minutes." 

	"It takes us nearly an hour to get a bath ready for the princess" 

	"And it's less than half the size. I know. This is one of the things I've missed most." 

	"I bathe in a barrel that's luke-warm at best." Trishia stood back, watching as Damion finished with the water and started on the fires. There were two spaces beneath the tub and a larger one to the side. 

	"You're going to love this then." He smiled at her over his shoulder. Once done, he stood on the rim of the tub, grabbing a few vials from the top shelf. Two he put down where she would be able to reach them, and one he dumped the contents of it into his hand, sprinkling it into the water. A pleasant smell of flowers and spring filled the air. 

	"Oh, what was that?" 

	"Salts. Helps the water temper better. The pockets of air that bubble around them helps to stir the water." He rubbed his hands over the water, stepping down. "Now, before you get in, just close the doors in front of the fires burning beneath. It'll stop the bottom of the tub from getting too hot while you're in it." Pointing to the shelves above the tub he said, "Soaps and oils are here, feel free to open and smell them all. There's wine in the kitchen if you want a glass, ale too." 

	"Thank you, this is very kind. I'm sorry. I've given you a hard time these last few days." 

	"You keep doing it if you feel it's necessary. I appreciate that you're on her side. She needs more friends like you, and I need the reminders." He shrugged, giving her a lazy smile. 

	"Can can I be honest with you then?" Trishia wrung her hands in front of her. Damion's heart fluttered in his chest, worried her words were going to sting. Mmhm. He nodded. "What she needs is someone who will stand by her side no matter what, Damion.  Someone that will love and comfort her when things get tough. Honestly, she just needs you." 

	Heat rose up to his cheeks and his face felt like it was on fire. "Thank you," this is the nicest thing she had ever said to him, he looked over at Volencia, "I'll remember that." 

	"You do love her, don't you?" 

	"I I don't know. I've never been in love before, but if I had to guess, I would say, from the bottom of my heart. The thought of losing her terrifies me more than death." 

	"She's afraid to tell you, afraid how you'll take it but she loves you too." Trishia started to pull her hair down from the bun it is always in. "There's nothing in the world she regrets more than letting Ghost, I think that's what you call him, get too close. It should have been you. I thought it would help you to know that. Even if she can't bring herself to say it." 

	Damion closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. "Thank you. Knowing this does help. Good night, Trish." 

	"Good night. Sleep well, Damion." She gave him a curtsy as he was leaving, which made him feel too awkward to reciprocate. He walked slowly to his parents' house, thinking over Trishia's words. The day had been insanity for him, what he needed most in this moment was to fall down and sleep. 

###chapter Thirty-nine
###chapter THIRTY-NINE

	That didn't look to be in the cards for him though. Travion, Birna, and his parents were all sitting at the table playing cards. 

	"Finally," his dad drawled, "Birna's been cheating while holding my cards for me. She keeps looking at them." 

	"I have not." She pouted, "Just because I'm having better luck than you doesn't mean I'm cheating." 

	"Besides, da, he's exhausted. Just look at him. He looks awful." Travion looked up, giving him a sincere smile. Damion knew he was trying to help. And he was pretty sure he didn't have much left in him. 

	"I am tired. Haven't slept for two days." He pulled out a chair already set up by his father's side and sat. "But I'm down for one game. We'll need to start from the top though. Da, with me holding, against you." Everyone groaned, throwing their cards onto the table. He wasn't usually aloud to play with anyone. 

	"Dealer?" Damion asked. 

	"I'll deal." Travion was quick on the uptake. He shuffled and dealt. "You took a while. Did she wake up? What did she think of the story?" 

	"No. She slept. Trish wanted a bath, so I helped her get it ready." 

	"Ah." Trey put two cards in the middle. Everyone else did the same. "You'll show your bath off to anyone huh?" 

	Everyone laughed. "Wouldn't you?" He countered, "There wasn't a tub in the kingdom that could compare. Even the princess's was less than half and brass. I have been waiting to come back here just for that." 

	Damion held the cards before his dad, who chose two cards and Damion laid them face down like the others. "She enjoyed the story. It touched her heart. I was surprised she fell asleep, but I suppose you all must be worn out." 

	"Yeah, tired doesn't scrape the bowl"

	"Then go to bed dear. We'll all understand. I'll make mine up-" Kirna started. 

	"He can take mine." Birna interjected. "I'll just crawl in with Lenny when I'm ready." 

	"I will, thanks. In a bit, I've miss all of you too. It's nice to be back with everyone." 

	"How'd it go removing the curse from Venron? Is he back to his old obnoxious self yet?" Lennion gave a dry laugh. 

	"Not yet. I couldn't store the whole curse, it was too powerful. Once we're done here, I'll have to go back and try again. He's able to talk now, but only about certain things. Removing the curse may have been a bit more than I was ready for. If the Princess hadn't been there to help, I would have been in a lot of trouble." Damion watched as the others laid their cards. 

Travion was winning. "The two of you have come to rely on each other. That's good you know. For both of you." 

	"Yeah." Damion said, halfheartedly. "It all seems so clandestine. Like we're pawns in a game we didn't know we were playing." He was a spectator at this game too, so he didn't miss the look his mom shot at his dad, or the way his dad's brow drew down, a frown forming around the corners of his mouth. The silence for the next two rounds was too much. Only Birna, who was likely winning, if the grin on her face said anything, chatted every now and then, breaking the silence.

	You need to ask. A better time will not come again. Damion heard Travion's voice echo through his head. He slapped a card on the table. "Scraps." He said, nodding at his wife with a grin. 

	Laying her last card, she smiled back, "Good luck love. But I don't think you've got this at all."

Damion watch mom lay her card down, already resigned to what was to come. 

"Do you know if someone had a hand in all this?" Damion asked as Lennion pulled a card from his hand. He also didn't miss the way his hand shook as it made its way to the table to deposit his card on the pile. "You did send me to Thambair at a crucial juncture. Told me to wait for something to happen, then find the King. Did you know what you were really sending me to Thambair for?" Damion sat up, hating the way his hand holding the last four cards shook. 

"Three pigs and a donkey." Trey smiled. Laying his cards up right on the table. 

 Lennon looked down toward his lap. "That's a loaded question. May I suggest we put the cards up and start this story at the begging? Let's just finish this."

Birna beamed as she laid her cards out one by one. "Full Farm. Unicorn, traveler, hunter, and draft." Horse cards were the highest. Especially If you had one of each.

"Oh, come on. Why didn't you finish it when you had the chance?" Trey complained. 

"I would have if you didn't do it first." 

Kirna laid her cards down, "Just two drafts, nothing special.

Damion watched his father lay down two unicorns and two travelers. It would have beat Trey's hand, but he didn't gloat. He watched the table sadly.

Trey collected the cards, touching Damion's shoulder gently as he stood to put them away. Who was regretting the question already, too exhausted for any of this.

"I'll be as short and brief as I can be. You're looking like a soft breeze would blow you over."

Damion chuckled. "I'm sure it would."

"We can always wait until morning."

"No." Damion answered quietly. 

"Then help me to my chair. You take my bed tonight. I don't usually use it anyway." Travion and Birna both jumped up at the same time to help. Once their dad was settled, Trey grabbed cushions and put them on the floor, tapping one for Damion to settle into. Damion followed him placing his head on Trey's shoulder. His eyes were half closed before their dad even started. 

###chapter Forty 
"You know Venron and I grew up together in the Temple of Ephira. We have a better understanding than most about the creation story and all the other stories that followed. We believed there was always a sign or some prophecy that would announce when a mortal representation of Ephira and the father came into the world. After the War of the Magi, he and I, Toakencia and all our spouses made a pact to do whatever we could to help them if it happened in our lifetime. There was a prophecy Venron started to chase after. It spoke of a child to be born of an old race, that sounded like it was coming to fruition. About a boy, born to the first future Queen of the dark hive to not have pure blood. A child who would be born with both types of magic. Brambee, you mother was not fully a Dark Hive elf. Her father was a merchant who happened to be lost when a Dark Hive elf found him and brought him to the Queen. So enchanted by him was she that she took him to bed, and your mother was the product of their time together. When they found out she was having her first child, they knew the prophecy was coming to light and told her they would be killing the child; for it had been told that when he came of age, the future of our would rest in the palm of his hands. He would either be the world's salvation, or its destruction."

Damion sat up, putting his hands over his face. "The day is over, yet it still continues to get worse."

Trey placed a hand one his shoulder. "Maybe we should wait."

"No." Damion nodded at his father. 

"Venron went to the Hive to plead for the child's life. Brambee refused to leave with him though, and the Queen believed the only plausible option the boy would have was to destroy the world because of how unbalanced it already was. She would not relent. So Venron, unbeknownst to them, cast a spell to let him know when she went into labor so that he could come back on that day to rescue him to rescue you. Imagine his surprise when the time came and he found her outside our village. She'd decided that she didn't want her mother to kill you and hand come to find a safe haven to have you. She'd been so close."

Damion knew what had come next. The birth had killed her. His magic had been too much, and the Night Creatures were all around them. That had been the Night his father had lost his arm trying to protect a dying elf and the newborn that killed her. He'd heard from another warrior that he had ripped out his mother's stomach. The village had seen him as a threat for many years. That he knew firsthand. 

"Venron hadn't been able to stay too long. His own child was being born that same night, so he had to go, but promised to come back for you when he could. The original plan was that he was going to take you back with him and raise you as a twin to his own child. The timing had been perfect. But the day his daughter was born, the winter snow melted around the castle grounds and flowers bloomed overnight. A pond formed in their gardens and Goddess Lilies blossomed above the water. We hadn't seen lilies like that since the demise of the Temple. When Venron came back, he was horrified to find the same kind of miracle at work here in Samanthia. But there were no Goddess Lilies here.  Instead, the first tree from the Temple blossomed exactly where your mother had passed. It became clear to us that there was more going on here than we expected. To have you both born the same day to have such miracles proclaim you were the equivalent of the God and Goddess we mourned. This was not the life which we had wanted for either of you, and we had no idea what to do. The little we knew of past mortals who had come was that it was the moment they met that their destinies intertwined. So Venron left you with us to be raised here, unable to allow you to meet his daughter. At least not yet. It wasn't clear when you should meet until the day Rosencia gave her life to protect her daughter. That was when we knew, the day the shield would fall, fifty years to the day that is was risen, would be the most dangerous day of her young life. They would come for her, and there was no one left to protect her from them. No one but you. That was when Toakencia brought the coursebine sword for you to learn with. She knew that it would be the best weapon for you to use against them. When you figured out how to use the power in the sword, I knew that you would be able to help remove Venron's curse. You, the child born of both creation magic and nihility magic. I didn't tell you because I was afraid you would fight it because of your past. I worried that you would hesitate before the Council, and they would get an opportunity to harm you. Of course, I also worried that the darkness would consume you we've all seen it here. We fear it to, Damion. The decision was not made lightly to send you there unknowingly. But we believed that the darkness was still a better risk than allowing Volencia to be taken in by the Council. They would have destroyed her. Like they have in the past to others who represented the mortal power of Ephira. Beyond all else, we must protect her, and we must try to save the All Father. We need to put the world back to rights. Only he can rebalance the scales of good and evil. Only he can save us from the Council and the Empire they are trying to create."

Damion stood, grabbing a pillow and blanket. "Where are you going?" His mom asked. 

"To sleep under the tree. I need to be alone." His mom and dad started to argue, "Look, do you both understand, you haven't been raising a God. You've been raising the mortal who is meant to take his place in the eternal fire. This story does not end happily for me. If I take up this torch as you wish me to, I will be destined to an eternity of flames and heart break. I may be falling in love with the princess, but it will only shatter me when the time comes that I need to leave her to love another. Nothing good comes of this future for me."

"Damion"

"Don't Trey." He didn't stay to argue, the door closed with a finality to it and he curled up under the charts tree, but sleep was as illusive tonight as it had been the past few. Anger welled up on him, none of this was fair. He hadn't asked to be born to some God forsaken prophecy. Yet, he was starting to understand it. His choice would decide the fate of the world. He could be the good guy and take the flames, or he would destroy everything by choosing himself over the world and the All Father. He was destined to lose everything no matter what.

He got up, listening to see if anyone in his house was still awake. He knocked on the door softly. "Yes?" he heard Trishia on the other side of the door whisper. 

"It's Damion, would I be able to come in to grab a few things?"

The door opened, and he brushed past her. "I thought you were going to sleep?"

"Tried. It's not really working out that way, so I figured I'd at least make myself useful."

He grabbed his travel bag and two swords. He slung the coursebine sword over his shoulder and belted his iron to his hip. "Wait are you going off to battle?" She sounded nervous.

"No. I'm going out to store the curse from Venron. This is just in case I run into anything thing that thinks I look like a tasty snack."

"Those creatures are out right now. You can't--"

"Don't presume to tell me what I can and cannot do. I've lived here my whole life. I've already killed more of them than you can possibly imagine. I'll be back around sunrise."

He slipped out the door silently. He'd never talked to either one of them like that, and he was angry at the shock and fear he'd seen in her eyes. He stood in the dark under tree alone for a long time before crossing from the safety of the village to the dark forest. If Travion knew what he was doing right now, he'd be furious. 

###chapter Forty-one
The sun was already filtering through the curtains when Volencia stretched in Damion's nest. She had slept much better than she had expected and prayed that Damion had finally gotten some sleep too. The house was ripe with the smell of breakfast cooking and there was already a healthy spread on the table. The meat already cooked, clearly not here in Damion's house. "Morning, Princess. Breakfast is almost finished. I'll be taking the eggs off in just a moment. You woke up at the perfect time."

She crawled out of the nest and went to table. "Oh, my I am starving and this all looks amazing." Sitting at the table, she started to fill a plate. 

A soft knock sounded at the door. "Come in," Volencia said around a mouthful of food. The door opened to Travion standing there. 

"Morning. I hope you slept well?"

"Yes, thank you." She smiled, waving him in. "Damion coming too?" She asked, hopeful. 

"Hm, I was actually hoping he was here with you. I haven't seen him all morning. I'm a little nervous now" Travion's hand messaged the back of his neck as he looked around the small home. 

"Oh, he left in the middle of the night to do something with a sword. I was still awake when he came in and grabbed them." Trishia called from the kitchen.

Travion swore under his breath, turning back out the door. Volencia jumped up, following him. "Wait, he left in the middle of the night with those monsters out there?"

"Yeah, he's clearly not thinking straight right now. Idiot. I knew I shouldn't have left him alone last night. I'm going to go find him, you should stay here."

"No," She said keeping up with him. "I'm coming with you. If he's hurt out there I'll be able to help." Travion turned to argue but she glared at him. "Nothing you can say will change my mind."

"Fine, we don't have time to argue. But if he's not at the mine, you're coming back here, understand?" She nodded. Travion stopped at his parents' house briefly to tell them what happened. Volencia wondered why they all looked so nervous. Hadn't Damion told her the creatures didn't scare him, that he'd killed hundreds? "Keep your ears open," Travion said, "if you hear anything that sounds like a monster, tell me. In the day they lurk in areas where they can reach you if they're hidden in the dark."

Volencia nodded, "How far are the mines?"

"Not far, but there's a deep slope which is dangerous enough to go down during the day, he should never have come out here, dark or not. If he's not hurt, I'm going to kill him." Travion kept going. Clearly upset. When they got to the slope, Volencia wished she had stopped long enough to put on a pair of shoes. Her feet were already killing her, but the slope was all stone and tree roots. She didn't want to upset Travion any more than he already was, so she didn't complain, but followed his path to the best of her ability. A monstrous cry rang out in the distance. Travion looked up nervously, the further into the forest they went the more his shackles seemed to go up. 

"So, Damion told me that the two of you are able to speak to each other through the mind if you're close enough, can you reach out to him that way?"

He looked surprised that she knew about this, then frowned. "Usually." Was the only comment he provided, offering nothing else in return. She decided that she wouldn't push it any further. A moment later, he looked back at her, as she struggled to follow him down the slope. "Are you barefoot?" 

"I forgot my boots so yes."

"Why didn't you say something? Your feet are going to be killing you by the time we get back."

"I'm worried about Damion and I didn't want you to try to send me back. I'm fine." She lifted her head as he started back up the path toward her. 

"Alright, I understand that. You understand if something goes wrong and we have to run, you could be in trouble. If you step on a snake, it could be even worse." He put his fists on his waist, looking down at her seriously. 

"A snake?" She asked swallowing nervously. 

"Yeah, a snake. We have some poisonous ones in the area. Next time don't forget your boots. Do you want me to carry you down?" She swallowed, not wanting to say yes, but afraid not to. So, she just looked down at her toes. "I won't hurt you. But you'll need to climb onto my back so that I have my arms to help us down. Did you ever get pony rides as a kid?" 

"No."

"Alright then, well, you put your legs around my hips and press your knees together, like riding a horse, then you put your arms around my neck and hold on tight." Putting his back to her, he didn't have to kneel because they were already on uneven ground. When she didn't jump on right away, he slapped at his back. "Let's go, we need to find him." She didn't hesitate again, this time doing exactly as he said. After a few steps he choked out, "Hold on tight, but don't strangle me, 'kay?"

"Sorry." She let her grip on his neck loosen. The slope was awful, and there were a few times she thought they were going to fall, but Travion kept them moving. He didn't bother offering to put her down once they were on even ground again. They just kept moving forward, much more quickly than when she had been walking with him before. 

"I'm sorry."

"Why?" He countered quickly. "Because my brother's an idiot?"

"No, because I insisted on coming and all I am is a burden." 

"You're not a burden. You're light as anyone I've ever had to carry through the woods. You were right, you know. That's why I didn't fight you earlier.  If something has happened, and Damion needs help, you are the one I want with me." Volencia suddenly felt all warm inside. Travion trusted her. 

They reached the mine faster than she had anticipated. Travion knelt in the dirt so that she could get down. "Careful inside, there are crystals all around the ground and you're not going to want to step on them." Volencia nodded. The mine was closed off by a large wooden door which Travion had to fight open. That he was having such a hard time with it made her wonder if Damion had been here at all. As they entered, the mine was pitch dark. So Volencia called upon her magic, focusing light toward just her fingertips. Not a lot, just enough to brighten their way so they could see what was before them. "See?" Travion smiled back at her, that is a very handy thing to have."

She beamed up at him but worry followed. "What if Damion isn't here?"

"Don't worry just yet. For what he wants to do, he'll be toward the back of the mine" It was hard to watch where she was going and focus on her magic at the same time, but she was managing so far. He did turn to her at one point and insist he carry her through, so she let him. It was odd, being held in his arms. 

"Is that Damion?" A shadow of someone kneeling in the distance, a strange pinkish glow emitted from a large stone protruding from the wall. 

"If it's not, then we have bigger problems to deal with." Travion stalled, as if trying to reach out but came back empty handed. "Shit."

"What's wrong?" She whispered.

"Wait here I can't read him." Travion walked up toward the silhouette, "Damion?"

###chapter Forty-two
###chapter FORTY-TWO

"Don't I can barely contain it" Damion's voice was ragged and shallow. He was losing control of his magic; she could feel it slipping away. "You shouldn't have come here."

"It's okay," Volencia said, walking forward. "I can help you."

"No if your magic--"

"I understand. Too much magic down here is harmful. This is a place better suited to your nihility magic. Like the sword, if I'm not careful I'll destroy the crystals." Damion nodded. "Therefore, I cannot let my magic run lose." When Damion turned his head toward them, his eyes were black. The nihility magic, like back at the castle, sending black spider webs over the skin of his face and arms. 

Travion gasped, stepping back. "Volencia, we need to leave." He grabbed her arm. 

She pulled away from him. "No. I have to help." When she made it to him, Damion didn't argue as she stood behind him. Lifting her skirt, she lowered herself so that her legs straddled his from behind, tucked up close and touching him with every part of her body that she could. Pressing her body against his, she laid her head between his shoulder blades, wrapping her arms under his shirt and around his chest until one slid into position over his heart, the other was placed just under his sternum. "If I give you the energy to control your magic, you can finish this and we can go home?" 

"We don't know how my magic will react. This isn't safe." 

"Leaving you like this, unable to finish clearing the sword of the curse, would be just as dangerous. Just let me help you. I'll be careful." Her grip tightened around him, letting her magic ease from her fingers into his chest. Slowly. Gently. He signed. His breathing became easier, his heartbeat became stronger. With her touching him like this, she was able to ensure her magic didn't escape. His body was slick with sweat and dirt, shaking from exhaustion. The black web on his skin slowly started to ebb, his head lifted. When he pulled at his magic, she offered hers instead, letting him control how much he needed rather than trying to do it herself. 

"Thank you." He said softly. She let her arms tighten around him slightly, keeping focus on her magic so that it would respond to him easily. Once he had access to what he needed, the rest didn't take long. 

The stone glowed more brightly. The sword shivered in his hand. One covered the mirror ball on the end, the other reached out, touching the stone in front of them. The more magic he pulled at, the darker the pink glow of the stone became, slowly transitioning to a deep red. As the curse pulled through the blade, it turned back to the beautiful purple and blues of the original coursebine, the mirror transitioning from deep black to silver. 

Volencia knew it was over when his hand slid from the stone and sword, and he half collapsed back into her. She held him, catching the sword in hand before it fell. "You did it." His hand clasped hers. She shifted, letting his head fall to her breast. She ran her fingers through his hair. 

"You should have trusted me from the start Damion. You know I won't let anything happen to you." 

"I know, I'm sorry" his arm wrapped around her waist. "To you too, Trey. I wasn't thinking there's just so much in my head, I can't"

"Shhh." Volencia eased. "It's going to be alright. I promise. You're not alone. You have us. We'll get through all of this together." 

"Did you know? That she can bring you back from the brink?" Travion asked, staring at them dumbfounded by what he saw.

"No. I didn't." He moved, growling as he stood. "But I am grateful. It'll be easier knowing this." He put his hand down, pulling her to her feet. "Are you barefoot?"

She laughed, embarrassed, pulling her hair over her shoulder, twisting it in her hands. "Yeah. I was so worried when Travion said you were missing; I didn't think to stop to put them on. It's fine, well head back home and get you laid down. You'll feel better after you've gotten some rest."

"I've been trying. It's no use. I just have to wait until my body shuts itself down." He pushed his hands into his pockets, walking ahead of them. 

"Come," Travion leaned down, "I'll carry you like before."  Volencia nodded, letting him lift her. "If you need help, I can take you on my back Damion, and carry her at my front. The two of you don't weigh as much as a Samanthian together, so it should be fine."

Damion grunted in the darkness, "It shouldn't come to that. This is my own mess. You should have just left me to it."

"Probably." Travion agreed. Volencia kept waiting for Travion to give him a lecture, he'd had plenty to say on the way here.  But he didn't argue, or lecture, just stayed behind, watching him. He stumbled a few times, clearly out of it. Travion pushed him from behind as they made their way back up the slope. It wasn't until they were at level ground that Damion finally collapsed, needing to rest. "Can you walk the rest of the way?" He asked, kneeling down. Volencia agreed. Damion tried to argue as Travion lifted him against his chest, but he didn't have the energy to stop him and soon fell silent. 

When they were back at the village, Damion made Travion put him down before they entered the village. "Come," Volencia took his hand. "I want you to lay down. I'll stay with you, that way, if your mind starts to race, I'll be there to help." 

"You're the last person who should be in there while I try to sleep." He turned away from her, blushing. 

"I don't care. I'm not leaving you alone with your thoughts again. You need rest." He went ramrod straight as she wrapped her arms around him. Shivering as she ran her nails over his back. "After last night, your third night not sleeping, I'm not giving you a choice." She let him go, pushing him toward his house. "Trey, can you make sure no one bothers us?"

The smile that he wore said everything. "If anyone bothers you, it'll be over my dead body."

"Trey! I thought you were going to be on my side?" Volencia could only laugh at Damion's shock. 

"Sorry, I agree with her." He shrugged, helping her push him toward the door. 

"Since when did the two of you start conspiring together?" Damion asked as he tripped over the threshold. 

"Hey, Trish. Sorry about that. Would I be able to have you go with Kirna or Birna? I'm putting Damion in prison here until he gets some sleep." 

"Oh, yeah of course. Foods all prepped if you want it." She bowed, dipping out the door. 

"Oh. I wasn't expecting that to be so easy." Volencia stared after her, expecting her to come back through and tell her she didn't want her alone with him. 

Damion ran a hand through his hair, "We had a heart to heart while you were sleeping last night."

"As you were grabbing your swords to do something stupid?" She raised her brow. 

"Not really, that happened after my dad admitted that he, your father, and your aunt were all in cahoots over how that first day we met turned out. And he told me I'm the byproduct of some stupid prophecy destined to save or, more likely, destroy the world." He glared at the food on the table. 

"Gods, Damion, no wonder you couldn't sleep." She reached out to touch him, but he pulled away. "After everything yesterday, you must feel like you're drowning." 

His shoulders sagged, but he didn't turn to look at her. "I felt like I was drowning before, I can't figure out what I feel now. All I can tell you is it sucks."

"Come on, let's get you into bed."

"I'm sweaty and dirty, I will not get into bed like this." She watched as he struggled with the tub. 

###chapter Forty-three
"Then tell me what to do. Go. Sit. I'll get this ready." He'd already pulled the spigot out, and she watched him pump it a few times. She took over. It wasn't so much as hard, but she had to pump the thing a hundred times to get the bath half full. 

"That's fine. I don't need it full. Just enough to wash."

"The water's freezing." Looking down at the tub she pulled her lip into her mouth. He only shrugged, clearly, he didn't care. Plunging her hands into the water, she called up her magic, but only enough for warmth to flow through her arms and into the tub. She should have been more nervous if something went wrong while she was using her magic. He wouldn't have the energy to stop her. Yet these last few days hand emboldened her to the power that had laid dormant inside her. 

He smiled, going to the table and pouring a glass of wine. "You're getting good at that. Is you magic coming more easily now?"

"I've felt like I have a better handle on it since we were attacked in the woods. Like it's not looking for any excuse to get out anymore."

He looked surprised, "Huh maybe it builds up to that point if you don't release it? Maybe using a little here and there will be beneficial?" 

"Maybe? I don't know. I just know that I like it. Being able to use my magic, I mean. It feels right." He nodded, drinking the wine down quickly, then poured himself a second glass. He offered her one too, and she accepted. "Okay, now, I'll go into the kitchen while you get in the bath. I'll come help wash your back if you'd like."

His blush told her he hadn't been expecting her to stay there with him while he bathed. "I'm not so sure this is a good idea."

"I'll undress you myself and force you into bed one way or the other. I told you, I won't leave until you've slept. I meant it." She held the wine but didn't take a sip. 

He nodded, and she went into the kitchen keeping her back to him so she wouldn't see anything. The window looked out into the garden between his and Trey's house. Birna, Trey, Lenny, and Trish were all out there gathering baskets full of produce. She watched, smiling as Trish involved herself with them, she was even smiling. She heard the water splash around behind her and knew Damion was in the tub. 

"I'm in. You may have over done the heat I feel like I'm boiling." Another couple splashes told her he was putting more water into it to help it cool down. Grabbing an empty pitcher, which is what Kirna had used to pour water over her the day before, she called to him. 

"Ready?" 

He groaned, "No I haven't had anyone watch over me in the bath since I was a stripling."

"I'm not watching over you, just here for whatever moral support you need. Want me to leave you alone?" She asked, turning to look toward the half wall. All she could see was him in the tub, his face between his knees. He didn't answer, so she carried the pitcher to the lip of the tub where Kirna had sat to help wash her hair.

Dipping the pitcher in the water, she poured it over his body slowly. She took down a soap bar, it was grey in color, but she had guessed it was his favorite because it was the sent that she loved smelling on him the whole time he was in Thambair, campfire and mint. Lathering the soap between her hands, she reached out, rubbing it along his back, shoulders, and arms. As she messages the soap into his neck, he eased into her, moaning.

"Is this what it's like? Having someone else bath you? I'm not going to lie, it feels amazing." 

"You're so tense. Relax. Let me take care of you for a change." At her words, he leaned back, closing his eyes. 

"I do trust you, with all that I have. I may not show it all the time, but I do." His words were quiet, but that was okay for now. "Trust is a hard, delicate thing for me. Really, Trey has been my rock for a long time. He always will be. Do you understand?" She felt him tense under her hands. 

"I'm not trying to take his place." She said, pouring water into his hair. "I just want to make my own place by your side. Your brother is amazing. The more I talk with him, the more I love him. I just want you to love me back too." She lathered up his soap, letting her fingers message his scalp. They remained quiet for a time as he relaxed into her hands.

"I have fallen in love with you. You deserve to know that. I'm just I'm afraid that I guess I just think it's all a bit too complicated right now. There are so many other things we need to worry about. Your father, Ghost, us what are our goals for this next year? Planning a battle or trying to find him? What are we going to do if you are pregnant? What about everything my father has said, and how does this all relate to us? Where do we go from here?"

He said he loved her, was in love with her as she was him. That was all the validation she needed right now. "I think we should take it one moment at a time. Let's rest, and once you're mind is recharged, we'll regroup and figure out where to go from here. But we can't figure any of that out if you're too tired to process. Give yourself a break." She pulled him back to lean against the back of the tub. 

"You're probably right. It would be better to be still and let my mind, our minds, rest. Do you think things will be clearer then?"

"Even if its not, you'll be better equipped to deal with it." He melted into her, allowing her hands to work their magic over him. "One step at a time." She let him close his eyes, but just for a moment. There was no way she would get him into bed if he fell asleep in the tub. "Are you clean enough to crawl into bed now." 

"Yeah," he moved slowly as he pulled himself from the water. She handed him a towel, turning around as she blushed. He pulled on a pair of loose pants, letting her know when he was dressed. He lowered himself into the nest first. She followed, pressing his head against her breast as her fingers combed through his hair. She expected him to fight sleep, but he didn't. He was out as soon as she was beside him. 

The first to wake, Volencia was warm and comfortable beside Damion as he held her in his sleep. The house was warm, the bed felt like it had swallowed them whole. She never wanted to leave, but her stomach was acting up and she needed to relieve herself in the worst way. Shimmying out of his grasp, she tried to make sure he didn't wake, but her stomach wasn't cooperating, and she panicked as she got out of the bed, her stomach heaving. She raced for the door but didn't make it as she wretched on the floor near the table. 

Damion was beside her in an instant, holding her hair and rubbing her back. The afternoon sun hung in the sky, it's light filtering through the curtains, giving the room a blue tinge. "I'm so sorry." She sobbed, unsure what she should do with the mess all over the floor. 

"Hey, it's okay. I can clean it up." He rubbed at his eyes before pulling her into his arms. 

"I tried so hard not to wake you; it's only been a few hours. You need more rest." 

He pulled her into his arms, setting her on the bed as he focused on cleaning up the mess. "It's fine. Better to wake a little groggy now and still be able to sleep tonight than wake up in the dead of night." He splashed some fresh water into a bucket and grabbed a cloth from a bin in the kitchen as he scrubbed at the wood floor. "It is good timing. I would like to take you for a walk before it gets dark. There's something I would love to show you. Come on over here and grab a bite before we leave. By the time we get back dinner will be underway. We're going to stay in tonight with the family. So it'll be a quiet night. At least that's what I'm going to go tell mom I'd like to do. I don't think she'll argue."

She slid into the chair at the table and took a few bites. She hated that her stomach was twisting the way it was, yet still demanded to be fed. She found that breads stayed down better than meats, but sweets tasted a hundred times better than they ever had. Damion did disappear for a few minutes, then changed while she munched. She did steal a glimpse while his back was turned and felt downright awful about it after. 

"I do feel better now that I've rested. How are you feeling?" He stood behind her, rubbing her shoulders like she had done while he bathed. 

She pouted, "Like I just threw up." 

"You up for a quick walk? Or would you prefer to stay home for now?"

"We can take a walk. Will it be just us?" He agreed it would be, so she nodded. It wasn't that she didn't want to see the others, but after earlier, he was the only one she wanted to be with right now. Life had taken off with them since they got here, and the quiet was would be nice. 

###chapter Forty-four
Walking down the path our of the village, the world was quieter than Volencia had ever realized it could be. Birds sang in the distance and she could hear the bubbling of a brook nearby. Volencia's heart raced. The further the village fell behind them, the more intimate the atmosphere grew. Though she and Damion already spent a great deal of time together, he rarely allowed it to become romantic, and when he did, there was always the concern anyone could walk in on them at any time. 

	Out here though, in the quiet of the forest, it felt like they had left the world behind them. "Damion?" 

	Their saunter slowed to a crawl as his soft eyes turned down at her, a smile playing at the corner of his lips. "Yes?" His voice was huskier than usual, sending a chill down Volencia's spine. 

	She stopped walking, hesitant to say what she wanted to. Pulling her lip into her mouth, she looked away. Focused on the path that lay ahead of them. Watching her patiently, she could almost feel the way his eyes caressed her face and she felt the heat rise over her cheeks. "I just I know you don't like to talk about the first day we met, but there's something I want you to know about it." 

	His hand reached out, touching her elbow. "Okay, before you start may I say one thing?" Volencia nodded, meeting his eye. "I don't want you to regret or feel badly about it anymore. I would do it all again if it meant we would end up here. There's nothing to forgive, because you did nothing wrong. I just wanted you to know, I don't regret any of it." His fingers caressed her cheek. He was being so gentle; tears sprang to her eyes. Wiping them away, he kissed her forehead. 

	"I know it bothers you, and so many things have gone wrong because of my choices that night." She took his hands away from her face, holding them in her own. Turning away from him she continued, "I can even understand why you wouldn't want to claim this baby as your own. You say you don't regret that night, but you have no reason to. What happened was my fault. I just wanted you to know, there's not a day that goes by I don't wish I had waited for you. That I don't wish you had chosen me too. I want you to know, that I was scared and confused and lonely, but none of it excuses my behavior. I should never if only I" Cover her eyes, she cried. She wanted to say this to him so badly, and now she couldn't even look at him. Her heart raced as she tried to stop the tears but couldn't. 

	Pulling her into his arms, he comforted her. "Darling, I don't blame you. I understand how difficult it must have been for you. I'm sorry that you've been worried." 

	"I'll do anything you want," She sobbed, clenching his shirt in her hands, "We don't have to rescue him. I'll forget it all." 

	"Considering everything, how can we do that? How selfish would we be, having the chance to bring back Ephira and the All Father and then to do nothing?" She looked up at him, smiling down at her, his hair ruffled by the breeze. His sincerity touched her. 

	She tucked a few stray strands back behind his ear, allowing her hand to rest on his cheek. "I already know, I'm not willing to trade you for him. If that's what it means" 

	His smile faded, his face turning toward the canopy of trees above them. "We don't know that. Let's not complicate this with assumptions. Not tonight. Come, we don't want to run out of time." 

	Pulling a handkerchief out of his pocket, he tenderly wiped at her tears. Catching her face, he leaned down, pressing his lips to hers. "Let's talk about happier things. I want to focus on us tonight. Once we do that, we'll be ready to talk about everything else. Besides, I don't want you stressing over what we can't control. It can't be good for our baby." His emphasis had Volencia sobbing again. Handing her the handkerchief, he put his arm around her, steering her down the path.  

	"You said, our baby." Their fingers entwined as they walked. The path curved and soon they were walking beside the brook she heard earlier. The path was lined with a full rainbow of different colored lilies, leaving the air smelling sweet and heavy with pollen. Damion plucked a number of them, all different colors, tying the stems with a ribbon from his pocket.

	"Of course. I was a little shocked by the idea at first, but I've always wanted a son or daughter to adore. I mean, really, this is a dream come true for me. The timing was a shock, but he or she will definitely be mine, and I have every intention of making sure I'm the best dad I can be." He handed her the bouquet, "Especially since I know you'll be a fabulous mom." 

	"Thank you," She smiled, stopping to wrap her arms around him as she sobbed. He gave her a little time, before lifting her face to his and kissing her tear-stained cheek. 

Wiping away the tears, he nodded at the path. "Almost there, come. Only happy thoughts from here on out." 

"You forget, my emotions are completely unchecked these days. Even if we only focus on happy things, I can't promise I won't still cry or get emotional." 

	A few minutes later, the small clearing opened before them held a crystal-clear lake with a small waterfall, which created a gentle mist around them, and sent continuous ripples over the water. Flowers bloomed across the entire clearing. Even the trees surrounding them bloomed heavily with flowers. "Is this it?" Volencia asked breathlessly, kneeling on a rock to stick her hand in the water. 

	"This is the place, yes. But I brought you here to meet someone. While we wait, can I tell you about a Samanthian tradition?" Damion sat beside her, pulling his boots off and rolling up the bottom of his pants. 

	"I would love to hear it." She smiled, following suit, though it was much easier to hike up her skirts.

	"So, a few years ago, Trey asked an orphaned Birna to be his wife. He had been madly in love with her for years, but the Ma and Da's of our families are very important. When she lost both her parents, she felt like she wasn't good enough for him, and denied him when he asked to marry her. But Trey's never been one to give up easily, and he knew she loved him. So, instead, he brought her here and asked again. She denied him a second time though, admitting she didn't feel like she deserved him. Trey looked her in the eye that day and asked, if the gods send an omen of love, a miracle here to bless our union, would you reconsider? Birna agreed that, if such a thing happened, she would marry him. When a unicorn walked out of the forest just minutes later to drink from the pool, it was enough to convince her that they should be together." Damion leaned back, resting in the grass as his legs dangled in the water. Volencia watched the mist from the waterfall spray twinkling droplets over the flora. "Would you require proof from me? That the goddess blesses our marriage if I were to ask?" Damion sat up, his demeanor becoming serious.

	Volencia laughed, but he only looked more concerned when she did. "If I'm supposed to be the physical embodiment of Ephira herself, it wouldn't make sense for me to wait on such things." She met his eyes, smiling despite the concern there. "It would make sense for me to follow my heart instead, wouldn't it?" 

	Inching closer to her, he whispered in her ear, "Remind me again, where does your heart lie?" 

	Perching herself on his lap, she trailed kisses across his jawline until she reached his earlobe. His arms wrapped around her, and he shivered as she started to nibble at his ear. "Don't pretend you don't know." 

	Damion shifted her around as he reached back to a satchel that hung near his hip, pulling out an intricately carved box. Volencia remembered seeing it sitting in a prominent spot on the shelves in his home. A lovely dark wood, the pearlescent inlay created a picture of the goddess lily, the sparkling white material practically glowed in the evening sun. "What is this?" She asked, her fingers grazing the lid. 

	His eyes sparkled at her, "Take a look inside." He chewed on his lip nervously, his excitement was endearing. He wasn't focused on the box, his gaze never left her. He was flush and she could feel his heart hammering away in his chest. 

	Lifting the lid, a glowing star sat on a bed of black velvet. Volencia could only stare between him and the beautiful necklace, all words alluding her. The star was made from something similar to a white and clear marbled sea-glass, emanating a faint glow from the center of the twelve-pointed star. "This is the most precious thing I own." The star was accented in silver and etched with intricate twirling designs. "The only thing I have left of my birth mother." 

	There was only one reason Volencia could think of that he would be giving this to her. Her heart raced as her fingers grazed the star. "It is beautiful." 

	"I'm hoping it will be yours soon." He laid the box aside, holding just the star dangling between them. His smile was so deep, his dimple was showing, and there was almost a second. He was breathless as he asked, "Volencia, will you be my wife?" 

###chapter Forty-five
	Volencia threw her arms around him, kissing him deeply. Her whole body shaking with excitement. When she broke away, she didn't stop kissing him, trailing along his jaw, cheeks, and nose. Damion laughed. "I hope that means yes?" 

	"No." She laughed, still kissing him. 

	His hands went to her shoulders, and he pulled away from her slightly, his eyes wide with worry. "What do you mean no? Your actions and words don't match." 

Volencia reached out to smooth the worry lines that formed on his brow. "Well, even though I said I didn't mind, how can I be sure you won't regret breaking tradition? We haven't been blessed by the gods yet." 

Damion's eyes narrowed at her, "That wasn't very nice of you, love." 

Volencia giggled, pushing a strand of hair behind his ear. "I'm sorry, in all seriousness, I love you, and of course I'll-" 

Damion covered her mouth with his hand. "Oh no you don't. You gave me your answer. We'll have to wait until a unicorn appears now." 

She pulled at his hand, "I'm sorry, I was only kidding." 

He gave her a rueful smile, "I'm not. It is tradition after all. But what will you do if one doesn't show up?" 
 
"Come back here every day until one does." She pouted. "Or just convince you that it doesn't really matter." 

Volencia started to try to climb off him, but he caught her in his arms. "Love," his hands and lips worked her over, intoxicating her senses as his fingers roamed, "We've got to leave soon, but before we do, why don't you look back and see how truly blessed we are?" 

Twisting in his lap, she eagerly turned to see a herd of unicorns lapping at the water and prancing through the flowers. "Damion!" She squealed, unable to get out of his lap fast enough, "There must be twenty of them!" 

In her scrambling, Damion caught a knee to his ribs, "Careful," and her foot caught on his knee. She pitched forward toward the pond. Screaming as the water swallowed her. "Volencia!" Dropping the necklace near the box, Damion jumped into the water after her, but when she resurfaced, she was laughing. "You okay?" He asked swimming over to her.

"Yeah, I suppose that's one way to cool off." She splashed at him. The unicorns were prancing, stomping their hooves, and whinnying as if joining in the laughter. "There must be twenty of them here." 

"Actually," He said, his hand wrapping around her waist and pulling her close, "There's twenty-two." A few of the unicorns jumped into the water, joining them and moved around the two elves gracefully. "Acorn was actually the first to come to the area. Trey and I came upon him as he was trying to give birth. Their species were made to balance the world after Necron's monsters started rampaging, but like the monsters, they couldn't mate or give birth. So, he needed our help. With my magic and Trey's support, we assisted each of them. Helping a unicorn give birth has been one of the most unpleasant things I've had to do, but it's very rewarding after."

Volencia wrapped her arms around his neck, letting him keep her afloat. "See, those aren't the actions of someone who will simply allow the downfall of the world because it's unbalanced. The Queen of the Dark Hive was wrong about you." 

He smiled at her, lifting her up and out of the water further. "You think so?" 

"Absolutely." She wrapped her legs around his waist, "Can you get me out? I'm cold and my dress is feeling too heavy." 

"Of course." 

"Is it okay if I try to touch one? They're so beautiful." 

"They won't mind." Damion swam over to a smaller ledge where she would have less of a hard time climbing out. "There aren't any banks here, so you'll have to climb out, I'll boost you from behind if you need me to." The rocks kept rolling under her feet, or breaking away in her hand. She slipped backward into Damion a few times, but she became embarrassed as he pulled himself up behind her, holding her body up with his own. Despite the cold water, she could feel his body harden against her, "Come on, a few more steps" 

"I can't my dress is all twisted." She clung to him, worried she was about to go down. 

"Alright, this is going to be a bit awkward." He chuckled, putting his hand between her thighs and lifting her left leg up further. Soon her shoulder blades were pressed against his chest, and he was holding her legs out in front of him. He got a part of the way up before, twisting around and landing on his backside, "Ooof." 

"Are you okay?" She asked, squirming trying to turn around. 

"Wait" his hands grabbed her waist, "Put your legs on either side of mine, I'm going to lift us up backward." 

"Thank goodness you asked me to be your wife, otherwise think about how inappropriate this would be." She let her hand glide up his thigh, squeezing him gently reaching as far up as she could without actually grabbing his crotch. He froze, inhaling quickly. His breath was hot on her back. 

"Well, I don't think we're technically engaged yet. I asked, but you didn't ever actually say yes, nor did you take my gift. So, we're both being very inappropriate." 

"I just wanted to make sure I got a nice feel just like you did." She said quietly, shivering. She was cold and excited. He started moving again, his arms pushing them up the incline of the pond backward. When he made it to the grass, he left his legs dangling over the side and laid back completely. "Also, next time, you should try here." She lifted his hands, placing them over her breasts. "I can't tell you how much I wish our clothes weren't in the way right now." 

Damion's eyes went dark, he bit his lip, which she knew meant he was trying to make sure he maintained control of himself. Her fingers coxed his into messaging her, and her thumbs caressed her nipples. "Volencia" his voice was rough, his hips jerked against her. "Behave I'd rather we actually be engaged before we get too close." Though he didn't bother to pull his hands away from her. "Besides, we're running out of time here. It's going to be dark soon, so we can only stay for a few more minutes." He sat up, kissing her neck. 

"You have to actually let me go if you want me to get off you." He mumbled something, but she could only giggle at him. "I'm getting up now." His hands slid away, but he closed his eyes, just laying there a moment as she went over to the unicorns. A few minutes later, she heard him sigh behind her. 

"You can talk to them through the mind if you'd like." When she turned to look at him, his face was bright red and he seemed to be avoiding looking at her. "You have to give them permission, and they you. You need to project your thoughts toward them, much like forming and speaking words and projecting them toward someone who's further away." He said. "Would you like to do it with me first?" 

"Yes, please." She bounced as he reached a finger toward her forehead. The unicorn he called Acorn crawled out of the pool and came to stand beside her. He traced a rune on her forehead, closing his eyes, and pressing his own to her until they were skin to skin. 

"Repeat after me, I'm yours, heart, mind, and soul." 

Without hesitation, she chanted, "I am yours, heart, mind, and soul." 

*There.* Damion said, *can you hear me? She nodded. Now, think of something you want to say to me, and push it out from your thoughts to mine.* 

*What kind of spell requires words like that? What if I wanted to be able to speak with someone and I don't want to say that I belong to them?*

Damion laughed, caressing her cheek. *That wasn't part of the spell, I just wanted to hear you say it.*

Pushing his chest gently, he laughed, *Will we need to do that with all the unicorns?* 

Volencia shivered as he kept speaking into her mind. The way his words echoed was enough to make her head hurt, not to mention it felt like her brain was being pulled through a pond full of seaweed that kept tangling her thoughts up. *That won't be necessary. The unicorns can create their own connection by touching their horn to you.* 

*You said it will be different?*  She was nervous. She already wasn't too fond of this form of communication. 

*Yes. They communicate a lot through feelings. It can become pretty overwhelming fast. I'll be able to tell if that happens for you now though and can help protect you against it.* Volencia chewed her lip, unsure if she should continue with this. 

"I'm scared." She whispered as the unicorn, called Acorn, nuzzled her arm. 

"We know." Damion's fingers ran through Acorn's mane. "Acorn promises there's nothing to be afraid of. Also remember, you don't have to do anything you don't want to." 

Volencia ran her fingers over Acorn's neck. The unicorns were more the size of ponies verses horses, though not as stocky. Most of their bodies were slender and sleek. A few of them had larger bellies. There was a group of five foals playing in a grove of long grass filled with lavender shoots taller than them. 

"But I trust you." She looked away from him, blushing. 

Damion frowned, "I know you do. But Volencia, that doesn't mean you have to do everything I ask of you. You can trust my judgement and still not want to do it. If I told you to jump in the pool again, because it's safe, doesn't mean you want to do it. If you say no, I know it doesn't mean you don't trust me." 

"I want to" Volencia hugged Acorn, who whinnied happily, "I just don't like the way if feels." 

Damion nodded, "I didn't like it before I really learned to control it either. We can practice and come back later if you'd prefer. It helps once you can contain the noise. Otherwise, it can echo a lot, Trey used to screech into my head just to irritate me." 

"He sounds like he was an obnoxious kid." She laughed, rubbing her hand across Acorn's neck. "They're so soft." 

"We both were." Damion shrugged. 

"Is it okay to wait? Acorn and the others won't be upset?" 

"Of course not. Look how happy they are. They want me to tell you they're excited to see you again and they eagerly await the moment when you can all share your thoughts comfortably." The foals started to prance around them, nuzzling against Acorn and then the elves. 

"Thank you for being willing to wait." Volencia smiled, going to her knees to be closer to the foals. 

Damion met her on that level, looking up into the sky. "It's about time we all head home anyway." The third gretemp of the day was upon them, turning the horizon a deep violet color. 

Volencia nodded, admiring the sunset between the trees. "I would love to go home with you." 

When her eyes met his, he gave her a smile that almost showed to dimples. He held out the beautiful wooden box a second time. "Be my wife?" 

"Yes." She smiled; he was everything she had ever wanted. 

Clasping the necklace around her throat, Damion pulled her to him, kissing her deeply. "Thank you, you've just made me the happiest elf in all of Rhelia." 

"I think I might be able to give you a run for that You've done the same for me after all." 

###chapter Forty-six

The sun blazed as they entered Samanthia. The last burning embers before night would set upon them. Travion, Birna, and Little Lennion were swinging beneath the tree, laughing as Damion and Volencia came back. 

It was Birna who greeted them first, "How was your walk?" She was practically jumping out of her skin. 

"So, did everyone know before me?" Volencia giggled, eyeing Damion suspiciously. 

"I only told Travion, Birna goes with the territory, but no one else will be expecting it." Damion gave Trey a pointed look. "Right?" 

Waiving a hand, Trey smiled. "Right. Well, Trish may have overheard us talking. Ma was as mad as a badger today when I wouldn't let her go in your house too. So, there's that." 

"Enough!" Birna squealed, grabbing Volencia's hands. "Tell me all about it! What did you say? What was the binding gift? Did you see one?" 

"This." Volencia pulled the star from between her bosoms. "Of course, I said yes, and we did see unicorns." 

"Unicorns? As in more than one?" Birna grabbed her arm, looking as giddy as Volencia felt. 

"A whole herd actually." Volencia blushed as Birna squealed again. 

"Of course, you would see them all. So blessed! That means you are too Damion. It's like fate is pushing the two of you together. It's so romantic." Volencia gasped as the lizardess pulled her into her arms, her feet coming up off the ground. "I have a sister! You can't believe how excited I am. I was so worried Damion wouldn't find someone who could accept us as family." Putting her back down on her feet, she kissed Volencia's forehead, "What did he give as a binding gift again?" 

Damion smiled down at her, "My mother's necklace." 

"Oh!" Birna clapped her hands together, startling a small squirrel near the trunk of the tree. "Such a beautiful piece belongs with someone as gorgeous as you. I never thought he would actually give it away." 

Damion blushed, looking away from them. Trey was the one to call him out. "Yeah, he used to say he'd never give it away. That not even his wife would touch it. Even refused to allow Birna and mom to borrow it when they asked. Look how much a good woman can change you." He slapped Damion on the shoulder cordially. "I mean it, I'm glad you found someone you can share everything with. This is a huge step for you. Does she know what the other option was?" 

"No." Damion glared at Trey, "And don't you dare say anything. I will find the right time to give it to her." 

"You realize now that you don't need it, we could sell if for a small fortune and replenish our herds. Even double their size with that kind of money." 

Damion shook his head, "We could but I won't. I've already made enough to replenish the sheep. I just need to scout out the best route to get them here and lay big enough spaces to keep them safe for the travel. I'll also need a herder to help. The rest will come next. I'm already working on it. The route we took here was decent, but we'll take our time heading back. I need to find a clearing or create one." 

Placing her hands on her hips, Birna scowled at them. "Leave it to you two to ruin a moment. Come on, why don't we go see what mom and dad have to say about this?" Birna pulled at Volencia's arm. 

"Uh, Birna?" 

"Yeah?" 

"Don't you think Damion should come?" Volencia dug her heals in, realizing he and Travion were still mid conversation. "I would be upset if he told my father without me." 

Birna blinked at her. "Yeah, I suppose" She turned to watch the brothers. "Hey!" she called to them, "Dinner is served, and there are three different types of pie for dessert tonight. Stop dilly-dallying and come on." 

At the mention of pie, both their heads whipped around. Travion grabbed Lenny's hand and Damion made a slow march over to where Volencia waited near the door. His fingers curled around hers as he came to stand beside her. His amazing smile made her heart skip a beat. "I love you." 

Stepping into him, raising herself up on her toes she reached up to pull him down to her, kissing him deeply. "Mnm." When he pulled away, her whole body tingled from head to toe. "You know what I would love? A picnic beneath the tree. Just the two of us. Maybe we could fall asleep there, holding each other and accidently spend the night together." She blushed, clinging to his chest.

His large hands caressed her back, "I like the sounds of that. We'll make it a plan, you and me, under the tree for supper. We'll see about accidently falling asleep-" 

The door to the house banged open and Lenny was standing there. "Come on!" He said, throwing his hands in the air, exasperatedly, "Supper will be cold by the time you get in here." 

Taking Damion's hand, Volencia led him into the house after Lenny stared them down. "Oh, dears, would one of you go grab a chair from Damion's? We're going to be short a sitting space." 

"Volencia can sit with me." He wrapped an arm around her waist. 

"That doesn't sound comfortable." Kirna frowned. 

"Really," Volencia agreed, "I would love to share a seat with him." 

"Suite yourselves." Kirna waved them off with a curious glance at them. "But make yourselves useful and set the table. Birna, help me in the kitchen please?" 

Damion pulled Volencia to the shelves holding the dishes and utensils, handing her a cup full of the later while he grabbed the stack of thick clay plates. "Do you want to share a plate also? It may feel cumbersome to have two in front of us with how many folk will already be at the table." 

"As long as you promise to share the food, that's fine with me." She giggled, moving to Lennion's place at the table first and laying out a napkin putting out a fork and spoon on it. Damion positioned himself behind her at the table, and wrapped his arm around her from behind, placing the plate on the table. Kissing her behind the ear which sent the butterflies in her belly wild. As she moved to a different chair, he continued to do the same thing each time he laid down a plate, kissing her quickly and secretly as Travion and Lennion talked, and Birna and Kirna bustled around the kitchen. On the neck, shoulder, cheek, ear, anywhere he seemed to think he could get away with it. 

As they got to where she and Damion were going to sit, the last setting that needed to be put down, he went in for a kiss on her jawline, but she grabbed his face, pulling him into her, leaning into the kiss. The entire room stopped as the plate clunked on the table and Damion wrapped her in his arms. 

"What do you think you are doing?" Kirna cried out, dropping the pan she'd just pulled from the oven onto the counter with a clatter. "You two want us to trust you to be left alone, yet you can't even keep your hands off yourself with us around! What would Venron think? He sent you here with the expectation that we would ensure your safety. Even if it must be from my own son-" 

Damion pulled at the silver chain around Volencia's neck, sliding the crystal star out from between her breast. "Mother, we've gotten ourselves engaged. She will be my wife, sooner rather than later, if I have my way. But considering a kiss here and there is not something others in our position would worry over." Volencia pulled his arms down to settle them at her waist as she leaned back against his chest. His hands covering her belly protectively. 

Kirna covered her mouth, her eyes wide, "You you're engaged?" Tears sprang to her eyes, and she ran forward, wrapping her arms around them both. "I'm so happy for both of you! After yesterday I thought-I" 

"Careful mom, you don't want to suffocate my bride before we can make it official." Damion laughed. 

"It's unlike you to move so quickly." Lennion smiled at them, resting his chin against his hand. 

"It doesn't feel fast at all." Damion said, brushing her hair back off her shoulder, his arm wrapped around her waist. "I feel like we've just been waiting for this moment to come. As if our lives were frozen, stretched out in darkness, waiting for our light to appear. I finally feel whole." 

Volencia gripped his hand, she felt exposed after listening to him say those words. She felt the same. Her cheeks flush as his finger hooked her under the chin, pulling her to look up at him. His lips met hers in a sweet and chaste kiss. "I can't tell you how happy I am." Kirna wiped at her teary eyes. "Anyway, let us sit down and eat before supper gets cold." 

"Yes!" Travion roared, lifting Lenny into his arms, "I'm famished, what would you like, my little squirrel?" Kirna, Birna, and Travion were already at the counter prepping their plates, so Damion and Volencia just hung back waiting. 

"Congratulations." Lennion smiled up at them. "No other two souls deserve happiness more than you two." He held his hand out to her, and she took it, bending low to squeeze him in a hug. "I'm sorry for what both of you have had to go through in the past, but I'm glad to see you both so happy together. I'm sorry for what hand I've had in those things, but I want you both to know that I don't regret my actions. Especially not after seeing how it all turned out." 

Perching himself on the arm of the chair, Damion leaned over his dad and kissed the top of his head. "We are grateful for what you've done. It couldn't have been easy, and there were many choices you could have made that would have ended with us never meeting. So, thank you." Damion started to back away, but Lennion's hand shot up to grab him before he made his escape.

"Son, about last night," his one good eye sparkled with tears, "I never meant that I think that of you." His eyes flicked nervously to the Princess.

"Don't worry, she already knows." 

Lennion nodded. "You've spent your entire life before us, growing into the elf you are today. The Queen was wrong. Taking you away from the world would have destroyed us and other endangered creatures all over Rhelia. You have brought light into many of our lives. I'm sure your newly betrothed would agree. All our worlds would be darker and greyer without you here. You are not the darkness she thought you would be. You complete our world and bring joy and happiness to all our lives. I didn't get to say that to you last night, but I needed you to know that." 

###chapter Forty-seven

Volencia smiled as Damion pulled his dad into an embrace. She turned, grabbing the plate they would share and focused on filling it to give them a little privacy. Kirna was fixing her plate and Lennion's while the others took their seats at the table. "Welcome to the family, love. I have rarely seen Damion as happy as he's been these last few days." 

"It's been an overwhelming few day for me, and I think it's been more so for him. He's also very happy to be home, and I can't thank you all enough for having me here as well." 

Kirna nodded. "All of this would have had a much different impact on him without out you here. I'm glad he has you in his life. Thank you for being there for my son." 

As she carried their plate to the table, Damion was helping Lennion to his seat. She headed back to the counter, "What would you like to drink darling?" Her fingers grazing his back as she passed by. 

"Mead is fine." 

"Kirna, do you have any milk?" 

"Yes, it's in the jar on the middle shelf up there." As Kirna pointed, Volencia looked over. She was never going to be able to reach that high up. "I'll get it for you in a moment, love." 

Volencia nodded, pouring the mead for her newly betrothed. Damion was smiling up at her from their shared space as she returned. Settling herself between his legs, she perched on his thigh, wrapping her legs around his.  His arm circled her and his large hand settled on her thigh, she squirmed a little. Volencia felt awkward being so intimate with him in front of everyone. 

"Before we start," Travion announced, raising his cup, "I'd like to shout hurrah and raise my cup in blessings up to Damion and Volencia, may your cups always flow over, and may happiness and joy fill you always. May the Goddess and All Father shine their light and wisdom upon you both and honor you with fertility." Everyone at the table raised their cups and shouted, "HURRAH!" Even little Lenny joined in giggling. 

Damion's hand slid up her thigh, moving slowly up over her hip until he pulled her closer settling on her belly. "We are already blessed in so many ways." He whispered in her ear. The idea of being responsible for another life was still new, and terrifying, but she was also excited to share this adventure with Damion. He was great with the striplings in the village, and she just knew he would make an amazing father. 

"The day you walked into my life, you changed everything." She pressed a kiss to his forehead. "I've never been so happy." He lifted a fork full of meat up to Volencia's lips, covered in a bit of tomato jam. His eyes hovered on her lips as she took the bite. Once her mouth was empty, she smiled at him. "Do you hope for a boy or a girl?" 

Damion shrugged, "I've always wanted a son, but when I think about having a daughter like you, I'm just as excited. No matter what, I'll be the happiest dad in all of Ephira." He picked up some of the vegetables next, holding them up for her. 

As he fed her, and with their close proximity, she wanted to touch him more, kiss him, and whisper in his ear, but she contained herself, as the family was all around them. "Potatoes next, please." She smiled, and he obeyed. She'd never been fed by anyone like this before, but she was adoring how intimate it felt. Different conversations broke out around the table, but Damion and Volencia only had eyes for each other as they spoke softly back and forth. In their own little bubble.

"What do you think, Damion? You agree that we should expand westward and start working to build the town closer to the pond and not the river toward the south, right?" Birna asked, her eyes settling on the two of them. 

Volencia's hand had found its way into the back of his shirt and she was running her fingers along the small of his back, they weren't even paying attention to the food in front of them anymore. As soon as Volencia had started scratching his back, Damion nuzzled his face into the crook of her neck, eyes closed. 

"Birna, he's not listening to a word any of us are saying. Poor guy is still half asleep. It's not that he doesn't care or want to talk about expanding the town, but right now, doesn't seem to be the best time. We should let him rest." Trey touched his wife's shoulder gently before leaning in to whisper in her ear. 

Damion opened his eyes slightly, looking at his sister from behind Volencia's back. "Trey's right. I'm not paying attention. I'm sorry. I am still very tired. A few hours sleep, after three days of none, wasn't enough. My mind is still fried after last night." 

Birna nodded, frowning. "Then why don't you head off to sleep now? That would make you feel better, wouldn't it?" 

"Yeah." Damion chuckled, nestling back into Volencia, who rubbed the hair out of his face. "But I don't want to miss dinner with all of you. I have missed you. And now I don't want to go lay in bed alone. I'm happy right here, even if I'm half asleep while doing it." 

Kirna smiled at the group at large, "I can make up the bed, and you could go lay down. You don't have to leave. We'll be quiet if you fall asleep." Kirna said, standing to clear the dishes from the table. 

"Actually, I was hoping Birna and Lenny could stay here and I could stay with Trey. I'd like some time to talk to him alone." 

"Of course." Both Birna and Kirna chimed together. 

"Will you want some pie before you go?" Kirna held up a plate that already bore two pieces of pie and was walking it over to the table to place it before them. She knew her son well enough to know that he would not deny himself a piece of pie, no matter what. As she placed the plate before them, she smiled down at her newest daughter, "Will you be going to bed early too? You are welcome to stay and chit chat or we could play a game of cards." 

"I actually have a ton of questions, and a few books I would like to know more about. So, if you don't mind me running home really quick when we're done and changing into my bed clothes and then coming back with the books I found I would really like that." Volencia said, messaging the back of his head. She reached for their fork and lifted it to his mouth. "Open up." He smiled but didn't bother to lift his head or open his eyes as she put the sweet and tarty pie in his mouth. 

"I'd love for you to come back and ask any questions you have. I'm thrilled your comfortable enough to do so. In your bed clothes no less. You already fit into this family perfectly." She went back to the kitchen and dished out more of the pie, delivering it to the table. 

"Maybe I will stay." Damion said in a husky voice, chucking into her neck.

Volencia blushed, taking a bite of pie before offering Damion another. "We can take a moment before I get ready for bed, you definitely need to sleep tonight." 

"I know. There's something I need to do tomorrow. It's going to be a surprise for you." Damion finally lifted his head, sitting back in the chair. Volencia leaned against him, smiling up. 

"You don't have to keep surprising me. Today was more than enough." 

"Trey's going to come with me too." She was still feeding him the desert, which left his hands free to roam. As he caressed her thigh, waist, and belly, she blushed incessantly. She was sure that, even though they couldn't see what he was doing, because it was out of view under the large table, they must have known what it was because of her reactions. It was almost embarrassing, but since no one commented or made a fuss, she figured it must be fine.

"Anyone else want another drink?" Trey asked, getting up to pour himself more ale. 

"I'll have some water, if you don't mind." Damion said around a mouthful of chartis pie. As Travion set the cup down before them, Volencia grabbed it, taking a long swig. Damion raised a brow at her but didn't argue or complain. "Alright," Damion said a few minutes later, I'm going to head off. Give me just a few minutes Trey and then head over, otherwise I'll probably fall asleep on you." 

"Fair enough." Trey nodded. Taking away their empty plate. 

"I'm going to follow you. I want to change anyway. Get all nice and cozy. Maybe you can plait my hair for me when I get back, Kirna?" 

"I would love to and call me mom." 


###chapter Forty-eight
The air was cooler outside and Volencia wrapped her arms around her chest. The moon was high, a thousand stars twinkling in the sky. Damion was warm beside her, his arm draped around her back with a hand resting on her hip. "It's beautiful." 

"What? The night?" She asked, her eyes settling on the chartis tree as their lackadaisical pace brought them ever closer to the place she wanted to be more than anywhere.

Damion chuckled, "Well, the night is nice, yes. But I was talking about this feeling. This happiness and peace you bring me." He opened the curtain of leaves and she stepped in, unsure how to respond. "Honestly, I was just driving myself mad trying to stay away from you." Grabbing her hands, Damion pulled her toward the swing. "Would you like to sit?" 

"That's okay. I'd prefer to stand. I know you're exhausted, why don't you sit?" He did, pulling her close so that she stood between his thighs, and put her arms around his neck. He closed his eyes as she ran her fingers through his hair. "I make you feel at peace and you make me feel safe and strong." Kissing his forehead, she caressed his cheeks. "I want to crawl into bed with you. It's the only reason I want to be back home again, where no one would be watching us that closely. Or at least where we have a secret passage to use to get to one another." 

Damion held her close. Pulling her face down gently to meet until their lips connected. He wanted to climb into bed with her too. Though he wasn't sure how well they would actually sleep when that finally happened. As exhausted as he was, her touch spread fire though his veins. Even now, he could barely control himself. 

"Your lips your touch you drive me wild." He mumbled between kisses. Sitting on the swing left him at the perfect height to trail kisses down her throat and collar bone. Letting his fingers trace along the inside of her bodice. 

She gasped as his hand closed around her breast, his thumb rubbing over the pert mount of her hardened nipple. "You keep doing that, and I'm not going to let you stop" She moaned quietly. 

Volencia stumbled suddenly as he got to his feet, pulling her up into his arms and against his chest. "What are you doing?" She giggled, relaxing into him as she held the veil of leaves aside for him to walk through. 

"Begging Travion to stall for as long as he can so that we can have more time I want to take my time with you." Volencia blushed up at him, her heart now pounding in her chest. His voice deepened with desire, his eyes dark with lust. As he reached the door to his home, Volencia reached down to open it for him. As soon as they were  in, he kicked the door closed behind him, setting her on the counter, devouring her lips in a passionate, uncontrolled kiss. His fingers fumbling with the buttons at the front of her dress. His wrap tunic was much easier to maneuver and she had him shirtless before he'd gotten even a quarter of her dress undone. 

She fought with his belt, moaning impatiently as it refused to give way. Taking a step back, Damion freed himself while she took the opportunity to undo her dress, pealing the layers away as quickly as she could. When his pants fell around his ankles, she froze, taking in the view of him standing before her completely naked. She was only half undressed, but he was just as stunned. The first to move, she reached down, her fingers grazed his erection. He growled low in his throat, sending a shiver of desire up her spine as he dove into her breast, pushing her back onto the counter to lay there as he suckled, kissed, and trailed his lips over her. She arched into him, her body needing so much more of him. Every time a moan escaped her lips, he growled back in response. His hand dipped into her skirts, lifting her tush from the counter to free her from the restraining fabric. He trailed fire from her neck, to her breasts, and then further down over where her soft skin dipped away from her hips. Her legs were restless, and she was unsure what to do with them as they half dangled off the end of the marble slab. 

Damion stepped back, repositioning himself between her knees. He pulled her toward him gently, until her bottom was perched at the end of the counter. His dark eyes studying her body. "Don't stop!" She pleaded, arching toward him. 

He chuckled, "No. Not tonight. We've both waited too long for this." Letting his hands roam, he enjoyed watching her squirm beneath him. When his hand found the intimate folds of her womanhood, she cried out, her hips jerking. 

She wanted to scream, "I want more!" but the exclamation only came out as quiet, desperate plea. 

"Show me." The words were nearly lost in a growl, and every time he spoke, her body responded with a desperate need to have him. All of him. He gently pulled her hand from where she gripped the edge of the countertop, and ran it down her body until she felt the wet juncture between her legs. "Show me what to do." Moving of their own accord, her fingers moved over her pearl, eliciting a response that made her body convulse. She wasn't sure what to do either, she'd never touched herself in this way before. But as her fingers explored, she found the spots that provided the sweet agony she was looking for. When she dared to look up at him, she nearly lost control of herself. His eyes watched her hungrily.

He leaned over her, moving as if in slow motion. Hovering over where her hand moved of its own accord. His tongue flicked out experimentally at first, but soon suckled on her fingers, and then moved to that pearl of unbridled lust, taking over where her fingers were meeting the same rhythm of movement he'd been watching her use. Unneeded where they were, Volencia's hands reaching up to wrap her fingers in his hair. Within moments of his lips meeting her skin, she was trying desperately to pull him into her, which only excited him more. Her hips wouldn't behave as they moved up and down, and all she could do was beg, her knees hooked over his shoulders. 

When his fingers boldly moved to her opening, she signed, straining, waiting for him to enter her. "Is this what you want?" His fingers teased her deliciously. Her legs tightening around him as she cried out, "Yes!" Her words guided him, deeper, faster whatever she commanded, he did. Until finally her body couldn't take it anymore. As she convulsed around him, spasming, and moaning, he couldn't wait any longer. His hands slipped away briefly and he pulled her up from the counter. "I need you. I can't wait." 

Gathering her into his arms, Damion laid her back into his nest, settling over her. "Wait" she exhaled, "You lay down. I want to see you too." A blush crept over his skin, from chest to cheek, as she pushed him back into the nest. He shivered under her as she smiled down, devouring him with her eyes, "it's my turn, love."

Unlike her, he laid back, closing his eyes as she played. His chest and stomach were smooth and hard, but nothing compared with his shaft. Her hand danced over him, but when he arched, he grabbed at her wrists. "Volencia" he was panting, "I'm not going to last like you. I'm barely holding it in." 

Sliding her body up his, he gave a primal growl. She hovered over him, holding him at her entrance. His fingers gripping the blanks beneath him like his life depended on it. As she slowly lowered herself onto him, she leaned forward, whispering, "I want you to lose it." Like a vise, his hands whipped up to grab her hips and thrust himself the rest of the way into her. 

"Don't move." His eyes gleamed up at her, but he looked like he was in pain.

"Are you okay?" She worried. 

"Yeah" he panted, "give me a moment. I don't want this to end, but" his fingers tightened, and Volencia stayed as still as she could, holding her hands in the air. Sweat dripped from his temples and dappled his chest and stomach. Just looking at him was beyond enjoyable. He was beautiful. She wondered if that was why he was keeping his eyes closed? Did looking at her affect him the way looking at him affected her? His breathing started to even out, and Damion opened one eye to peek up at her. "I'm sorry." 

Volencia shifted, "Don't be. I could stay like this with you forever." He relaxed a little under her, opening both eyes to let them roam over her. 

"This is the sweetest torture I've ever known. You're amazing." Her hands met his chest again, and let her nails graze over his skin. When she made slow circles over his hips and lower stomach, he inhaled sharply. Engulfed in desire, his eyes were nearly completely black now. "I can't" In one lithe movement, Damion pinned her in the nest and thrusting into her with a fierceness she lost herself in. She grabbed at his arms, his neck, and back, gasping for air as he drove her over the edge. When he growled, she bit back a scream, both felt they'd exploded into a million pieces. Clasped together, shaking in each other's arms, Damion rolled off her, but kept her close. 

She tightened her legs around his waist, "We are one." She giggled, "Was it worth the wait?" 

"Every minute." He nuzzled close, holding her tightly, both their bodies slick. "I don't think I'm leaving my bed again" He closed his eyes sighing.

"Everyone is waiting for me to go back though, and Trey is probably already fighting your mother to stay in the house." 

"Probably." He only opened on eye to peek at her as she pressed her hands against his chest. "Come on, help me button the back of my nightgown." Volencia cooed at him as he pouted back. 

Untangling themselves, Damion handed her a towel to clean up with. As he buttoned her nightgown, his finger trailed her skin teasingly. "My beautiful Princess I can't wait to see you in some of the other nightgowns you've already teased me with." 

She turned, eyes sparkling. "I just can't wait to tease you all the more, for the rest of our lives." She wrapped her arms around him, kissing him deeply. "My husband, father of my child one day, you'll be my king. I love you so much." His lip pulled into his mouth as he looked away, his brow pulling together. Whatever she had said, something was bothering him. "You okay?" She asked trying to force his gaze back to hers. 

His eyes closed, as she succeeded. "Honestly, I'm just exhausted. Whatever I had left went into making love to you. The only thing that could possibly make this day better," his gave met hers again, "would be curling up in that bed with you by my side. I'll go with you back to mom and dad's. I don't want you to get scolded alone for taking so long." 

"Nonsense." Volencia laughed, watching him pull on the baggy pants he'd usually wore to bed. "I'll just tell her you needed to be tucked in. I'll send Trey along too. You go get your rest. You'll mother won't be as eager to give us a hard time if I'm the only one who shows up." She giggled. 

Kissing her gently, he said, "You are my hero." He opened the door for her. "Saving me from all sorts of uncomfortable family moments." 

"Says the elf that saved my life." She pushed him toward Travion's home, waving as he slipped in silently. 
###chapter Forty-nine
A pile of supplies were stacked beside the door, Damion counted off his mental check list to make sure there wasn't anything they were missing. "We good?" Trey asked, putting a plate of eggs on the counter with a large piece of fried bread. "It's not like mom or Birna's breakfast, but it's the best you're getting from me." 

Damion chuckled, "Yeah, I know. Still one of my favorites though. You've always made the best eggs." Damion spread a healthy amount of jam over his toast before plopping both eggs on top. 

"I came back here last night, but you were out in the first few minutes. So, I ended up back at mom and dad's with everyone. The princess never stopped smiling and had only great things to say about you. And this morning, you've been nothing but smiles. The two of you had a good day yesterday." 

Damion didn't bother to try to keep the excitement from his face. If there was anyone who wasn't going to judge him, it was his brother. "Asking her to marry me was the best thing I could have done. Last night was the best night of my life. She's absolutely amazing." Biting his lip, Damion studied Trey's counter, and in his mind's eye, could still see her laid out before him. 

"I'm guessing you mean that you both learned you are compatible in that area." 

"For me, it felt like we were made for each other." Damion blushed. "It was even better than I imagined it would be. It didn't last as long I thought it would either. I couldn't control myself and I felt like I didn't satisfy her like I wanted to." 

"I'm not so sure about that. You should have seen how happy she was. But, the first time for Birna and I was awkward as a two-legged spider. I had no idea what I was doing and neither one of us knew how to pleasure her. She walked away very disappointed. We just get too excited, and it pops too soon. The more the two of you explore with it, the better it will get. You'll learn what you each prefer and you'll both become more comfortable with each other. I wouldn't worry too much about it, and believe me, again, she didn't look disappointed at all." Trey finished the last of his breakfast, while Damion contemplated his. "You going to eat?" 

"Yeah," Damion hadn't realized how hungry he was. Once he took the first bite, he couldn't stop. 

"You need another? I know you didn't eat breakfast or lunch yesterday, and you barely touched your supper." 

"I would actually love another." Damion agreed. "While you're cooking, is there anything else we need to prep?" 

"Nah. I got most of it together last night while you slept. The rest? This morning, so we should be good. I even grabbed the craw bucket so we can get a few of them to roast." Trey turned toward their stove, which he had left burning, and had Damion's eggs ready in no time. "Your wife to be had some pretty interesting books that she brought with her too. I had no idea that being in hiding for a hundred years made us myths. We're now on par with the Sand Dragons, the Dark Hive, Crinchaw and to my amusement, Unicorns. From what I could tell, the book was spot on about the races themselves, but why in Ephira's name would anyone claim we're all myths. The book even said that it would be likely the dragon's themselves would soon be myth. The only reason I can come up with that someone would write such a book it's terrifying." 

"Yeah. Just like the books they have written about the All Father and Necron being different gods. I have a feeling that the council is trying to change history in so much to prevent the All Father from being saved, and to keep Ephira from being awoken." As Travion placed a second helping in front of Damion, this time he didn't even wait for it to cool before starting. "If" he said with a mouthful before swallowing, "sorry. If they change enough of what we know, the knowledge needed will be lost in time and no one will ever be able to awaken them. Then, Locke and Keye would never have to worry about the revenge being sought. Finding true information to guide us isn't going to be easy." 

"She has a whole history of the beginning, dad said. No one could read it though. He suggests going to the Library in the Isles to find a scribe that might be able to help." 

"Right, but the Chiaro Isles are council territory it may not be safe." 

Travion cocked his head, "It should be. I thought you said that no matter what, if you're there to gain information they have to help." 

"They have to give us anything we ask for that will help. I don't think they have to do much else. They don't have to go out of their way to help us. And if they're an enemy, could we even trust what they say in that case?" Damion rubbed the back of his neck. "Would you mind if I grabbed a glass of milk or water?" 

"I'll get it. You eat." 

"There was one book, it was black what is it about? I'd never seen anything like it before." 

"It's a book about Necron." Travion sighed, placing a cup in front of his brother. "I was incredibly excited about that one. But dad got angry that it was offered to Volencia from the temple. I guess it was one they considered dangerous and obscene." 

"Why?" Damion asked, between bites.

"Because it's about the battle. It talks about Necron and why he created the night creatures. Even how he created them. The war between Father and Son, two gods who both did terrible things. There are spells that he shared in the book too. Apparently, written by Necron himself. Prophesies that dad said are too awful to imagine, and a timeline that they didn't want to believe would come to pass. Dad and Venron are two of the only ones left that could read the language in the book itself. And dad said he would sooner throw it in the fire than read a word from a single page. He wouldn't even tell us the title." 

"Necron used nihility magic." Travion saw the flash of excitement in Damion's eyes. 

"Yes." Travion nodded. "Dad asked me not to tell you. He looked scared." 

"You told me anyway." 

Travion nodded. "After I left them for the night, I had a vision. You found out about the book even though we didn't tell you. You were angry, because it answered a lot of the questions you had about not only your magic, but about freeing the Father. In the vision, if we had helped you with the book earlier, there was a chance that we could have avoided the genocide of our folk. I can't take a risk like that with the lives of my family but I'm worried even more that dad still stood firm on not telling you about the book. So, I don't know if you should pursue it or not, but I didn't get the feeling that this decision should be left up to dad and I. I got the distinct feeling that you needed to know." 

Damion sighed, popping the last bite of bread into his mouth. "That is terrifying. Did Volencia have a reaction?" 

"She thought that if it could help you with your magic, that you should know about it. She also felt we were being irresponsible to not try to help the All Father return at any cost. He begged her not to tell you until they were both in tears and she finally agreed. So, I don't think she'll bring it up right away with you, but I wouldn't be surprised if at some point she decides that you really need to know and spills the milk." Travion cleared the plates from the counter. "Anyway, we can talk at the river, we don't want to waist the morning run." 

"Thanks for getting everything together last night. I've been really off my mark these last few days." Usually, Damion was to one to prep everything and Trey was the sleep deprived dad who forgot things. They had changed spots in a flash and Damion hadn't realized it. 

Trey laughed as he buckled his satchels of bait to his belt and slung his catch and poll over his shoulder. "When Birna and I first got pregnant and had Lenny, you were a godsend. Do you remember when I forgot to plow and seed the garden? You spent two days covering my mistake and brought home a doe, packaged it and made sure we had everthing we could possibly need. You were often the reason our hunting and fishing exploits were so organized, even though it was my job. I think it's only fair of me to step up now that your plate is overflowing." 

Kumaris was just beginning to peek over the trees. It would be a good hour before the morning gretemp greeted the day. The morning was quiet. Not even the birds and bugs were singing the day awake yet. Just incase they ran into a beastie, Damion and Travion both carried their swords with them. But they usually avoided the river and pond where Damion and Travion were headed now. It was unicorn territory now, and the creatures avoided the area. 

###chapter Fifty
As they reached the river, bull frogs chirped and the waters ran quickly into a swirling pool that eventually let out into rapids that stretched out toward where he had taken Volencia the day before. For what the river could be, it was calm this time of year. It was spawning season, and the fish would rest here in the pool before moving on to the ponds in the area where they would lay their eggs. 

This was the part of the river that Damion and a good number of the Elders in Village believed they should expand toward. Not only because this area, and the pond where the unicorns visited regularly, made for some of the best fishing. It was also closer, and safer for the striplings or elders. There were some however that wanted to avoid expanding into the unicorns' area, believing that it would anger them or the gods. The problem with the lake, which is where the others thought they should expand toward, was that it was much further away, and would take longer to get to. It would also require more magic than Damion believed he would be able to provide perminantly. So, he had been avoiding the topic. He also worried if they did expand toward the unicorns, that they may not like it. The were finicky creatures, and one moment they were excited to share space with the Samanthians, the next they were scared. Really, the only one who could make up its mind was Acorn. He was also the oldest of all the unicorns too. Regardless, the village couldn't come up with an amicable agreement on where to expand. 

"How do you think the King will take the news of your engagement to the princess?" Trey asked as they trudged off the beaten path. 

Damion gave a deep shrug. "Honestly, I have no idea. I was half dazed during the little time I had to talk to him after we removed the curse. We left the next morning. Before that, he could say nothing at all. If the few times I felt like we were communicating were correct, I don't foresee an issue. Volencia doesn't believe he'll turn me away either. If I hadn't shown up when I did, his kingdom would be under the rule of his greatest enemy, and Volencia would be married to a tyrant who would be sitting on the throne even now. All I really know is that I'm glad we weren't raised as siblings."

Travion laughed so hard, a flock of birds took off from the treetops in a frenzy, cawing angrily at them. "Everything considered, that would have made this incredibly awkward."

Damion chuckled, "Not just that though. Sure, I would have been able to learn magic in a more formal setting, but most of what I know came from need. I grew up not knowing any bounderies for magic. How different would my knowledge base be if folk constantly told me what I was trying to do was impossible? What would have happened to all of you if I hadn't been here when the shield fell?" 

They made it to the part of the river they wanted. The water was fast here but there was a small pool where the migrating fish stopped to eat and rest for the time of year it was, this was the best spot. Dropping his gear on the bank, Travion looked at Damion seriously. "By the father, we would all have died. I never would have survived past the attack where you found me." 

Damion frowned, "Or you would have been one hell of a curiousity in Thambair." 

"That sounds aweful." 

"It does, doesn't it?" Damion agreed. Placeing his own gear down and following suit as Trey got his fishing rod ready. "All this makes me think back to something Volencia said Ghost pointed out." Damion waited a bit for Trey to chime in while they readied their bait, but Trey just waited for his response. Once he cast out, Damion continued, "Apparently, he had never felt he had a real chance before. He told Volencia this was the first time since he got imprisoned that he actually had a glimmer of hope that he may be freed. He also told her it wasn't just because of us. I think someone else that we know makes him feel that way. I keep thinking, it's probably you." 

For a while, they heard the frogs chirping and simply sat on the banks of the river enjoying the silence around them. By the time Travion looked at his brother and asked again, the little blue sun had risen and set, the birds were singing their good morning songs, and between the two of them, they had already had nine fish hanging from their catches. 

"So, why me?" Travion asked. 

"I don't think I found a brother, one who sees the future no less, by accident." Damion said, unwilling to look at his brother. 

"So, you think my gift may be a key in what is going on between you and Volencia?" Trey asked, watching the water. 

"No." Damion cleared his throat. "I think we're going to find it will be key in helping us rescue Necron and Ephira. I don't know how, but it's all too clandestine to not believe that's what's going on." 

Travion sighed, dropping back to sprawl across the green grass behind them. "This is it then? The ending. We just set the gods loose on the world again and everything becomes fine and dandy. We all end up with a happily ever after?" 

Damion sighed, mirroring Travion as he dropped back on the grass also. "I don't know about that. If it were going to have a happy ending, why is dad so scared of the book Necron wrote himself?" 

Raising up on his elbows, Travion watched his brother for a while. He couldn't put his finger on it, but there was something different about him. It had been nagging at Travion since he got here, but it was easy to write it off as tiredness or the anxiety of being with the Princess and figuring out his love life. Perhaps that's all it really was. "That book is really bothering you, isn't it?" 

"Doesn't sound like it is full of happy go lucky times. And you said dad said there is a prophecy in there." 

"Dad also doesn't believe anyone is worthy of reading the words of the gods. I bet he's reciting warnings passed down to him and I bet he's never read a word from it himself. You worry too much Damion." 

"And you don't worry enough." Damion glanced at him sideways. 

"Why sweat over something I can't change? And why read a prophecy I will likey misinterpret anyway? I'm here, right now and this is the only moment I have to change the future. It's ever changing. For instance, if I get up right now, and walk away, we could have enough fish for supper tonight still. If I stay though, we get to share the wealth, and everyone ends up happier for it. If I walk away, I could hurt your feelings or make you angry. How you react will change the way our day unfolds. I can't directly be blamed for your actions, but if mine leading up to that moment, spure you to doing something, it becomes a chain of events. There are millions of ways that can change. For instance, if you decided that we could no longer be brothers, then our very future, everything I've seen or witnessed through the visions could potentially change, yet we would have no idea. Who's to say that was still the future we saw and in making up later down the road made our bonds that much stronger? Assuming we have any real control how our actions or inactions will affect our immediate future, let alone the far out future, is nothing short of presumptuous. To think that this curse could be seen as a means to an end, and the thing that would turn the tides is terrifying at best." Travion's eyes were glazed over as he looked up toward the sky. He sighed deeply, not moving again until there was a pull at his line. 

"You're basically saying, that regardless of anything, we have no power over time other than our here and now moments?" 

"Correct. The future will come regardless, but there's no guarantee that it will be the one you are expecting. So, it's best just to move forward with the best intentions we can, in hopes of laying the foundation for a future we can all be proud of. Here and now, that's what truly matters. I would drive myself mad if I tried to live in the future rather than the present." 

###chapter Fifty-one
Damion's mind was muddled. Travion was more serious than Damion had ever seen him. He'd asked again about the last vision Travion had seen, but he still refused to share the details. They had talked about this gift being more curse than gift. Damion had always been the one who said it was a curse, Travion argued, even after the incident that there were good things to be done with it. His tune was different now. He claimed it a curse. His laughter seemed to be sucked out of him. What in the goddess's name could he have seen that would turn his mischievious brother into the stoic character whom he'd gone fishing with this morning?

Things hadn't lightened up until Damion suggested going craw hunting down river where the water calmed. Crawfish was their dad's favorite meal, but they usually brought striplings to wade through the water to catch them. It had been a long time since the two of them had done this together. They left the heavy talk behind, and splashed through the water laughing and joking as they each raced to get the most craw in their respective buckets. As Damion finally called it, Travion ran up behind him, tackling him to the bank of the river where they wrestled.

Damion got Trey in a head lock, and was sitting on his back. "You done now?" Damion breathed heavily. 

"Yeah," Travion said, going limp and laying in the mixture of mud and dirt. "I'm done. You've been training, I can tell. I'm not sure you've ever given me a run like that before." 

"Every day, for a few hours at least. I train with an army now it's much more intense than what we do here." Damion agreed. "Though, three of them don't hold a candle to your strength." Standing, he reached down to Travion to help him up. "I needed that." He laughed. 

"I did too." Slapping Damion's back, they gathered their things and started home. "I'm going to bring my catch to the pit and see if anyone wants it. Are you going to just go hide inside and prep those? You want me to come over and help when I'm done?" 

Damion agreed that he would like the help when finished. They separated, and he beelined for his little house. He peeked in before entering, still wanting to try to keep the fish secret if he could. Volencia wasn't inside, so he carried everything in and started prepping the kitchen for the chore ahead. After he was done, he would need to bath anyway, now that he was covered in mud. And he'd already tracked it through the house. He sighed, wishing he had thought further ahead to not make such a mess, but it couldn't be helped now. 

Pulling off his boots and shirt, he went to the window near his sitting chair and hung the shirt over the edge and placed the boots outside the window. That's when he saw her. Her hair was plaited tight, slung over her shoulder. She was in a stripling's too wide dress, with the fabric bunching at her small waist. The shoulder of the dress hung low, revealing the creamy curves from the base of her ear to the middle of her biscept. She was kneeling at the edge of the garden near the berry bushes, picking one white strawberry after the other, every now and then, popping one into her mouth. Her cheeks were rosy from the warmth of the day, and her eyes downcast, focusing on the task at hand. 

Even knowing he had things he needed to do, he suddenly had the urge to join her. Memories from the night before flashed through his mind, and he flashed a look at the counter top. Where she had been last night, fish now ruled the space, and he wrinkled his nose at them. In one fell swoop, he'd made a huge mess of the place, and realized he would be spending plenty of time tonight cleaning. Turning his attention back to his work, he started on the fish. Gut, skin, chop and done. Rinse and repeat. 

A while later, Travion waltzed through the door and joined him in prepping the food for tonight. "Do you still have that cute basket Birna packs when you guys go on picnics?" 

"Yeah, I'll grab it after we're done here and bring it over. But you're only sitting under the tree tonight, do you even really need it?" 

"No, but I figured it would just be nice for the experience. It's probably been a long time since she went for a picnic. Likely since her mom passed, if not longer." Damion kept working. "I'm going to steal your big blanket too. The purple one, if you don't mind." 

"Not at all. Just make sure you wash it before you bring it back." Travion winked at him. Damion couldn't help but blush, agreeing it would come back clean.

An arm broke through the curtains in the window where his shirt hung. "Hey," Volencia pushed through, leaning into the house. Damion froze, staring at her with a smile growing across his visage. 

"Hey." He cocked his head at her.

"Looks like you made a mess of yourself earlier. What in the goddess's name were you doing?" She pointed down at the shirt. 

"We were mud wrestling down by the river. It's a shame you missed it." Travion laughed. Her eyes sparkled at him.

"You were supposed to avoid the house today," Damion pointed out. 

"I know," She blushed, "I just missed you. Can I come in? I want you to teach me how to help with prepping supper. And that looks like a disgusting way to have fun." 

"Cleaning fish is the opposite of fun." Damion shook his head. "But since you're already here and have seen what I'm doing, it can't hurt." 

"You went fishing because I told you I miss eating fish, didn't you?" She leaned against the window frame. Damion only shrugged in response, placing a new fish on the cutting board. 

"Since she's coming in to help, and there's only a few left here to do, I'm going to go clean up and bring over the other things you want." Travion said. Damion nodded, thanking him for his help. Travion held the door for her as she swept in. 

"Wow, the whole house is a mess. Should I get Trisha to come over and-" 

"No, she doesn't have to clean up after me. I can do it when I'm finished here." Volencia went to stand by him. 

"You smell aweful." She giggled, leaning into him. As he wrapped his arm around her, she pushed back at him, "Oh no, stop!" 

Chuckling he asked, "You're the one who said you wanted to learn, come on, you'll smell as bad as I do by the time we're done." Stepping back, she squeezed between him and the counter. 

"Well, as long as we smell together." Lifting the fish in her hands she squeeled and dropped it. "It's slimy!" 

"It's a fish, of course it is. Come on, pick it up, then slide the knife from here to here." He walked her through all the steps the first time, and the way she squirmed in front of him was driving him wild. "Okay, you give it a shot this time." 

"Is fishing always this messy? You carried mud through the whole house. It's even on the counter here." She asked, sliding the knife through the belly of the perch like he'd shown her. 

He placed his hands on her hips, lowering his face to her hair. She smelled like the rose soap he had. "Not always, Trey and I got a little carried away while we were out." 

"Are you getting all hot and bothered while we're covered in slime and blood?" She laughed as he pressed against her. 

"You could be covered in anything and you would still excite me. I'm surprised you wanted to help with this. I wouldn't have thought this would be of interest to you." 

"It actually wasn't something I wanted to do. But when I saw you, I knew you would feel the need to bathe after, and I figured, if I was dirty too" She wiggled her back side as she pealed away the scaly skin with much more effort than it had taken Damion. She ripped at it, but a piece of meat ripped away with it and blood spurt into her face and she screamed. Dropping the fish, she all but panicked. Throwing her hands in the air, Damion laughed, turning her around to face him. 

"It's okay, don't worry." He pulled his handkerchief out, but had forgotten that it was already dirty, as he'd used it while fishing. He dropped it on the counter with everything else that needed to be washed, and went for a clean one on his shelf. "Here." He gently rubbed at the blood on her face, she lerched toward the bucket on the floor where he had been putting the fish guts and vomited. But when she finished, she took a deep breath, which couldn't have been a pleasant one. She was on her hands and knees gagging. The more she vomited, the more she gagged. Damion grabbed the bucket away from her, handing her a clean bowl, then hunkered beside her. "I'm so sorry. Are you okay?" She just shook her head, clinging to him. "Come on, let's get the bath going real quick and you can relax while I finish up." He lifted her into his arms and placed her on the lip of the tub while he worked to get it filled. 

"I'm so sorry." Volencia was now sobbing. "I just made everything so much worse." Damion leaned over, placing a kiss on her cheek, rubbing her back and softly telling her that everything was fine. He was gentle with her as her emotions ran away with her. He wasn't too surprised that she was fighting it so hard. He finished up the fish while the water warmed. Volencia waited, wringing her skirt in her hands. "Is there something I can do to help?" 

"No, sit back and relax. I've got it." He smiled over at her. When the fish was done, he was finally able to grab the buckets of nasty and brought them outside. He disposed of the leftovers in the pit where they collected those things, and would eventually bury it, he brought the buckets to the river to rinse them. He filled them with water and brought that back too. By the time he got back, Volencia was laying back in the tub, and he almost followed her right then and there. Instead, he set a pot to boil, wiped down the counters, swept, knocked the dirt out of his shirt and boots, and set to getting everything reorganized. 

Volencia complained that she could have swept or wiped things down, but he only shook his head. "I am the one who made the mess, I have no problem making sure that I clean it all up." Once the water was boiling, he poured some into the bucket he used to wash his dishes and proceeded to clean all his utensils and the counter again with the soap rag he had. Then got on his hands and knees to mop the floor. Besides," Damion looked over his shoulder at her, "have you, ever once in your life, mopped a floor on your hands and knees?" 

Batting her eyes at him innocently, she blushed, "Of course not." 

###chapter Fifty-two
He laughed, slowly working his way toward her, the last spot that needed to be finished was in front of the tub anyway. He pushed the bucket aside, turning to look at her. She was rising up, her fingers running along the back of his legs. "Do you mind if I join you?" She shook her head, her fingers working to release his belt. By the time she was pushing them off his hips, he was sprung and ready. She leaned toward him, but he pulled back, covering himself. "Please don't, I was rolling around in mud a few hours ago." 

She pouted, making room so that he could climb in. "Well, if you're going to be self conscious about it, then let me help you wash." As she rubbed him down with the soap, she sighed, "I would have been willing to mop your floor on my hands and knees. I'm the reason it's as messy as it is right now. I think I've vomited on your floor what, at least six times since we've been here." 

He splashed at her, chuckling, "You can't help it. Why would I blame you for that?" 

Lowering herself into the tub until the water was just below her eyes, she looked up at him, backing away until she was on the other side of the tub. "I blame myself for it. If I wasn't such an idiot, I wouldn't be pregnant right now." 

Damion shook his head, taking his time washing himself, since she stopped. "We all make mistakes. At least this one can also be seen as a blessing." 

"I'm pretty sure anyone else walking in your boots would disagree. I don't understand how you can be so amicable about it." 

Damion looked at her in surprise. "You're a princess, and I'm an orphan who grew up in the middle of the forest in a hidden village." Damion put his arms up on the side of the tub as he finished washing his body. "I would never have had the gumption to kiss you or bring you here if he hadn't been as open with you that night, you may not have had the courage to talk to me as candidly as you did. I truly believe we're only here because of how that night ended up working out. I wish you would stop beating yourself up over it." 

"That's easy for you to say but I'm going to make it up to you. I promise." Gliding through the water, her hands ran up his legs before she pressed against him, kissing him deeply. 

He sighed, pulling back. "You don't need to make it up to me, Volencia. I'm over it. I don't want to feel like you think you need to make me happy because of what happened that day. I'd rather just be able to be happy together, doing it because we both genuinely want to. I love you, and I want you just because you are you. I want to think you feel the same about me, and not because you're trying to make up for something you feel guilty about." 

"I've never wanted anything so much in my life!" She perked up. Pressing her hands against his chest, she sat up straight, looking down at him. Her breast heaved, he hadn't meant to upset her. "I'm sorry, I made you feel that way I just" She wiped at her eyes, and Damion couldn't help but smile up at her. 

"You are an emotional wreck, aren't you?" He wrapped her in his arms. "Come here, lets just relax for a while and enjoy a moment of peace." She curled into his lap, sobbing softly. "Just try to stop apologizing for it, okay?" He lifted her chin, kissing her softly. She all but melted into him, her hands wandering. 

"I'll try." She trailed kisses over his jawline, "I want you anyway, even if it's not-" Damion cut her off with a deep kiss. When they broke apart he shifted so that he was on his knees, and pulling her back against his chest. A hand dipped beneath the water, and as he found the treasure he saught, she arched against him. "Damion" She sighed. Her breast filled his other hand, as he played with her nipple. She ran her behind up him each time she arched, and he growled, nipping gently at her shoulder. 

He just slipped inside her when a knock came at the door. They both froze. "I'm indisposed at the moment." Volencia squeeked. 

"Indisposed?" Kirna's voice shot through the door. "Damion is in there too, isn't he? You two aren't-" the door flew open, and Volencia dove off Damion to hide behind the wall.

"Mother..." Damion didn't smile. He watched her seriously. "I know that you don't approve, but you need to understand, we are both adults and can make the decision to be together." He pulled a towel down from the shelf, wrapping around his waist as he stood, stepping out of the tub. Kirna stepped back, looking away in embarrassment. 

"We should not be putting the princess in such a situation, Damion. It's like you don't even care about her reputation." Kirna backed away as he took a few steps toward her. 

"Why would anyone assume I don't care? I asked her to marry me for that very reason. Because this is what we've decided." He lowered his voice, looking straight at his mom, but she was now refusing to meet his eye, "I have lived most of my life expecting to never have this. To never find love, or someone who would be able to be part of my world. We've already been through so much. She is already carrying my child. I'm beyond the point of being treated like a petulant child because I'm being intimate with the one I've chosen to be my future wife."

"But you're not married. The goddess Ephira has always said that one man and one woman should be together always. That they would vow-" 

"Mom," Damion placed a hand on her shoulder, "I did vow. I gave her the only thing I have from my birth mother. I've given her my heart and would give her my life if it came to that." 

"And if her dad, the King, refuses?" Kirna grabbed her son's hands, "Are you prepared to give up on any other future happiness you could have for this uncertainty? You are a bright elf, Damion, why would a King give his only daughter to you? Friendship doesn't always trump these types of things."

Volencia's head popped out from behind the wall, "I am, Kirna." Tears were running down her cheeks. "I'll refuse any marriage he suggests in place of Damion. If he tried to force it on me, I would give up everything to leave with him." 

Kirna frowned, looking between the two of them. Damion only shook his head. "Grandios promises are easy to make when you're not faced with the decision." 

"Mom," Damion squeezed her hands, hoping she would understand how serious he was, "have you ever known me to be compulsive?" 

"No." She said quietly. 

"Do you think I've made this decision too lightly?" She finally met his gaze, and he allowed the silence to stretch on, waiting for her answer. 

"Clearly the turmoil you've felt these last few days has effected you. So, I have to say no, don't I?" Her brow drew down unhappily. 

He clocked his head at her, "Do you truly believe I would allow the Princess to give up her throne and folk for me?" 

"No." 

"Do you truly believe that despite everything, I would just be able to go find another and be as happy as I am now? Do you think another elf would come here and be so willing to a part of our family? That there's another who would be willing to give up their entire life for me, even if I wouldn't allow them to?" 

Kirna's tears started to fall. "Damion, I don't know. But neither do you." She squeezed his hands. 

"Do you believe I'm wrong in the decision that I've made to make me hers, even without all the proper permissions. Do you believe we shouldn't be together? Despite everything you know about us. You heard dad two nights ago. Do you think that after everything" He stammered a moment, feeling like his heart was about to beat right out of his chest, "Do you think I'm wrong?" 

"That's not fair!" Kirna's eyes went wide, "I don't understand, why can't you just wait, like any of the others who have waited throughout time, until you're actually married?" 

"Trey has been married for years, mom. Years in which I never even had a chance to see someone of my own race, let alone meet someone whom I could have a relationship with." Damion felt his anger flaring, "I know that you, dad, and Trey did everything you could to make sure I didn't feel left out, or alone. But you know it wasn't always enough. How could it be? I've spent two hundred years of my life being the only elf-"

"Even more of a reason you should wait. What if you find someone else? You've barely entered their world. You do realize if you marry a Princess, you one day will need to become King? What if you decide you don't like that world, and want to come back here? You won't be able to. You'll be too caught up in the politics that you don't even realize you're signing up for!" Kirna suddenly pulled him into a tight embrace, and he froze, realizing she had completely forgotten he was naked as a baby beneath the towel. 

"Are you telling me that you think I'm going to decide I don't want to be with Volencia because I'm not made out to be a King?" The thought was so ludicrous to him, he couldn't help but laugh, even while he clung to his towel, that was now threatening to abandon him. 

Kirna let him go, wiping at her tears. "I'm just asking you be careful and in the mean time, have some respect for those of us who worry about you. I'll leave you alone." Kirna turned, running out the door. 

Damion sighed, running a hand through his wet hair. "I'm sorry, Volencia. I need to go straighten this out. Clearly, she's having a hard time, I just" he watched his mom run to her house and slam the door behind her. She wasn't one who usually had emotional fits, so it was out of character for her to be acting in such a way. 

"It's okay, Damion." Volencia grabbed a towel too, wiping herself off as she stepped out of the tub. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything." 

Damion gave her a sad smile pulling on a brown shirt and loose pants. "I have a feeling there's something bothering her that she's not sharing. But I need to go find out." 

###chapter Fifty-three
Volencia had wanted to come with him, but he'd asked her to let him do it alone. He didn't want his mom to feel pressured in anyway. And he certainly didn't want to leave, which he expected to do the next day, with any of this animosity hanging over them. He should have just conceded to her request to begin with. It wasn't worth the fight, or her being upset. It was just difficult to keep his hands to himself now that he'd decided that he would marry her it wasn't impossible. The worst part was that she only worried that he was going to upset the gods, and he didn't care less. If they were real, which he was finally beginning to wonder, he didn't really care what they thought of his relationship. Morally, he was doing nothing wrong, and he knew it. They were both concenting adults. Hell, they were engaged and already pregnant. What difference would a shared bath make for them now?

	Damion knocked on the door, his dad called out, "Come in, Damion." Dipping through the door he frowned. His mom was on the floor, crying into his dad's lap. Kneeling beside her, he wrapped his arms around Kirna's shoulder and laid his head on her shoulder. 

	"I'm sorry. I know that I upset you." He whispered. 

	"Damion, I'm just so worried about you. You're giving so much into this, and it's so fast. Not only could the King deny you, but you could find out that it really isn't the life you want to be involved in. Your heart is gentle, and kind, and you don't know that world like your dad and I. It's a cruel and aweful place. And likely so much worse now than when we lived in it. I don't want to see it break you, and that's all I have been able to imagine. Especially if this is the path you chose. You don't know how much it broke Venron and we loved him like a brother. I know he would never, ever, choose do to it over again. But you will be hated, and hunted, and they will do everything in their power to destroy us all if you put yourself right there on stage for them all to see." 

	"Mom," He placed his hand on top of where hers rested on his dad's knobbed knee, "I am already wanted by those men, if not already hated. Right now they want me to join them. The moment I say no, I'm already going to be hunted because of what happened when I rescued Volencia. My only way out of that is to join them. And I can promise you, she's a better choice." 

	Kirna flipped her hand, entwining her fingers with him. "I know, love. Your dad and I have seen it all happen before. We watched Venron go through this and they don't fight fair. He didn't understand what he was getting into and he lived in that world his whole life. I'm terrified of what it will do to you. Especially when we think about the reactions you've had to other similar hardships where folk you love were put into danger." 

	Taking her words in, he calculated them in his mind. Though he knew his and Venron's stories ran a relatively perpendicular line, he'd not realized they were so close as to refrence them together. He flet his dad's hand rest on his head. 

	"You're contemplating too hard. Don't over think it." Lennion said, smiling at them both. 

	"Yes, that tends to happen when the beast is brought up. I see the after math and I hear the stories, but I will never know what it's like for those who have to deal with it in the chaos." 

	Damion sighed, "But should that deter me from her? Is it too dangerous?" His head lifted from his mom's shoulders and looked between her and his dad. 

	"It's something you need to consider." His dad said, patting his head. 

	Another knock sounded at the door, "Come in, Travion." Lennion called out.

	Trey waltzed though, ducking as he entered the house. "Hey, I felt like an important family meeting was taking place and came to be part of it." 

	"Damion called you to come save him, didn't he?" Kirna frowned. 

	"On the contrary, I went to see Damion at home and Volencia told me what happened. So, here I am, checking on everyone. I had called out to him," Damion looked surprised, "But he was protecting against any interference, which is usually a sign that something big is happening. That he left Volencia alone to come here says a lot too." Trey didn't get in their space, he sat at the table. 

	"Do you think my beast will be dangerous to Volencia?" He asked.

	Travion sighed, leaning back in his chair and crossing his legs before him. He was often too lax when it came to such seious things and it annoyed Damion to no end. "Honestly, that side of you is a danger to everyone. In all our years together, I've seen it six times. Four of those I even saw it starting and wasn't able to stop it. I realize Volencia was an exception. I saw it starting in the caven and was ready to run with her, but as she calmly went to you and offered help and I saw that pain and fear ease in you, I was relieved. Finally, I thought, someone who can handle him better than me. Though I can't attest that the actual beast wouldn't be a danger, it never attacked me." 

	Damion felt the anxiety the question had plowed over him with ease at Travion's explanation. Though he was forever the optimist, he did take Damion's dark side more seriously than anything else. Trey wouldn't ease his fear without reason, so this was a good sign. Travion trusted his darkness with Volencia. That was something he was sure would be a rare thing. 

	"That doesn't negate the fact that we must still be very careful with how you handle yourself out there especially with those who may wish you, us, or her harm." Lennion said stoicly, patting his hand that was still clasped with his mom's. 

	"Or the fact you are putting yourself at an unnecessary risk. The deeper you get into their world the more dangerous it will become for you and everyone around you." Kirna wiped at her tears, finally getting her emotions under control. 

	"Then what was the point in sending me to Thambair if you didn't want me involved? How am I supposed to walk away now knowing the danger Volencia is in? I can't even wrap me head around why we're even talking about it." Damion was appalled that his mom would suugest Volencia wasn't worth the risk. Or anyone, for that matter. He'd already explained what she had to face. 

	"The point was for you to free Venron so that he could take the needed actions against the Council. Not for you to become directly involved." Kirna said. The three of them, Lennion, Damion, and Travion all looked at each other. His dad and brother both shaking their heads. "You both knew he was going to end up over his head and you let him go anyway." The betrayal on her visage was as clear as glass, soon to be replaced by anger as Lennion sighed, answering: 

	"Damion was always meant to find Volencia. This was nothing we haven't talked about, Kirna. Yes, it's a dangerous path, but we always knew that it would be. But our goal is to help Volencia stay safe and our son has the power to do that. We cannot secluster him here with guilt trips when he has more ability than anyone else to change the direction of our future. Don't give me that look, love." Kirna was openly glaring at her husband now. 

	"Besides, mom," Travion jumped in, "Damion engagement to her is the perfect answer to protecting her to the best of his ability. And protecting her reputation, considering she's pregnant. Can you imagine her going home to her father alone now? That is a sure way to guarantee the King would want him dead." 

	The pitter patter of rain started to tinkle on the roof and windowsills. Kirna got up to close the shutters against the rain. Damion remained silent, watching the rain pick up outside before the windows were completely shuttered. He was glad Trey and did were backing him up. Though he worried as dark clouds engulfed the sky. He'd learned the hard way that Volencia is terrified of storms.

	"Why can't you find a less complicated girl to bring home. Someone who could stay here with us." 

	"Mom!" Damion and Trey both gasped. "Do you think she'd rather be there, threatened by the other kingdoms, forced into a loveless marriage and raped? Thrown into war  you of all folk should be proud of me for standing up for her!" His hands curled into fists as he stood, he couldn't remember ever being so angry at her. "I can't believe you would even suggest otherwise." 

	Behind the shutters, lighting flashed, seeping in through the cracks. The storm had come in hard and fast. He needed to get home to Volencia. "It's just-" his mom started.

	"Look, I've made my decision." His hand went through his hair and he paced the house. "Regardless of whatever dangers come of it, I won't abandon her to them. I can appreciate your concern, and if you feel I'm being disrespectful by being intimate with my pregnant fiancé while in the comfort of my own home, I'll respect your wishes and stop. Even if I think you're being ludicrous." Thunder rolled over head, crashing like waves against rock. "Anyway. I'm sorry. But I have to go. Volencia is terrified of storms and is probably working herself into a frenzy right now." 

	Damion headed toward the door, but Kirna grabbed his arm. "It's not that I don't like her. I'm just so worried about you." 

	Though he was angry with her for what she'd said, he hugged her tight. "I know, mom. But I hope you understand my side better, and realize that despite everything, I care deeply for her. And I'm happier now than I ever have been." 

	"I know." Kirna held him tight. "I'm sorry. She needs you, and makes you happy. I know you'll do everything in your power to keep her safe, and that's honorable, love. I'm just so worried about you. I am glad you found her, and I'm sorry if I sound like I don't care. She is a wonderful elf. I don't want her to be hurt either. You must think I'm awful." 
	
	"It's okay. I love you." Damion kissed the top of her head. 

	"I love you too, sweetheart. Don't tell her any of this, please?" 

	"I won't." 

###chapter Fifty-four
Even though the homes were close, Damion was dripping wet as he stepped into the house. Trish must have decided to ride it out with Birna and Lenny. As the door closed behind him heavily, the blankets in his bed jumped, and there was a small wimper that came from them. Sitting on the lip of the nest, his hand reached tout to sooth the blanket. "I'm sorry sweetheart." He said. 

Volencia popped out from under them at his voice, throwing her arms around his waist. "Thank you for coming back." He could feel her still trembling. 

"If I'd realized a storm was brewing I wouldn't have left you. As soon as I heard the thunder, I escaped as quickly as I could." She wrapped her arms around his thigh, resting her head against his lap. He ran his fingers through her hair. 

Her eyes closed, relaxing against him. "You really are my hero. I didn't even need to tell you that I needed you. You just knew." Her hand ran up his thigh, "How can I ever thank you for all you do for me?" 

Damion felt himself blush as he covered her hand. "You can help me make supper? I still have to cook that fish over there. I was going to take you out for a picknick under the chartis tree, but looks like we'll have to stay inside instead." He looked away from her, scratching at the back of his neck. He felt her go rigid against his leg. 

"Everything okay? What happened with you mom?" Her smile disappeared and she went pale. 

"Yeah, I promised that I would respect her wishes and not be intimate with you here in the village until we're married." Thunder crashed into a rolling rumble and Volencia squeeled. "I'm sorry." 

She sighed, releasing his leg. "I shouldn't have pushed you so hard to be intimate with me. She must hate me for that." 

"It's not like I'm unwilling. I don't mind the push, I think she's being ludicrous. As far as I'm concerned, we're already bound. Some ceremony isn't going to make our relationship stronger. I don't see the point of having to wait. Especially concidering your already delicate state. She's just scared. She's grasping at straws for control, which she doesn't really have. Mix growing up in the Temple of Ephira and her traditional values, plus her fear, and she's a mess.  So, no, she doesn't hate you. She's just worried that I'm following in your dad's footsteps. Remember, my parents went through a lot of heart ache and pain with him." Damion shrugged. "She is happy for us overall. Just worried." 

She sighed, pulling the blankets close. "Who can blame her? If you were my son, I wouldn't want you marrying me." She pushed herself as far from him as she could in the nest. His heart felt like it was breaking as she wedged a wall in between them. "I come with a kingdom on the threshold of war. My mother died at the hands of my enemy, and my father was cursed to an extreme. Nothing good befell him after getting involved in the war. But at least he didn't choose to join. And I'm just a mess. Even knowing I only have a year to figure this out, here I am, pining over you, filled with lust and temptation, and begging you to let us stay as long as I can get you to. Just so I can avoid going back to reality because I'm too scared to face it. Only an idiot would sign up for this willingly." She jumped as thunder rolled overhead again, wrapping her arms around her knees. 

He laughed, "Thanks for that." Untying his tunic, he dropped the wet shirt in a pile on the floor and slid down into the nest. 

Her head whipped up, eyes wide. "I'm sorry, that's not what I meant!" Her chin shook, ready to cry again. 

"Come here love." 

"I'm naked." She turned away, blushing. "I don't want to keep tempting you. I just crawled out of the tub, dried off, and got into bed. I thought we would be able to cuddle but" 

"You always tempt me. Naked or clothed. I'll always want you." He crawled over to her, opening his arms but not forcing anything on her. He didn't want to upset her anymore than she already was. She curled against his side. As thunder rolled around them again, even louder than before, she didn't even jump. "From where I'm sitting, I'd have to be an idiot not to do everything in my power to protect you and keep you safe. As far as I'm concerned, you are worth any trouble that we might have to face. I'd give my life you in a heartbeat."

"Please don't say that." She whispered, drawing little circles on his chest with her finger. They sat there for a while, cuddled up. He even closed his eyes, resting back. "Damion?" She said after a while. Hmmm? Was the only response she got from him. "Can I kiss you?" 

"Of course. You know you don't have to ask." He peeked at her. 

"I don't want to make you uncomfortable." She said. He cocked his head at her, wondering if she knew how crazy it made him to feel her body slide up along his. Did she feel the same heat course through her when he touched her? Did the tingling sensation when they were skin to skin drive her wild? 

"Darling," he put his hands on her hips, guiding her body over until she was straddling him. "My promise might make me uncomfortable, but only because I hate it and only did it for mom. But you, definitely do not make me uncomfortable."

"I feel like I'm wrong in not trying to help you keep your promise. You wouldn't do this if it was the other way around." 

"Really?" He raised a brow. "I would tease you like crazy." She leaned into him, kissing him deeply. "Goddess almighty, I do want you so very badly." 

He started to move, pushing her to lay down, but she braced her hands against his chest. "Damion, I'm actually kinda hungry. Maybe we should start supper instead." 

He froze over her, making a face. "Conveniently." 

She giggled. "I'll keep teasing you if you want me to" she blushed, pulling the blanket down enough to just enough so that her nipple was ready to come free. 

"Yes. Please." He laughed, kissing her again. "But you might regret it once we're back in Thambair." 

"Oh I doubt that. We're going to get to the castle and I'm going to have to drag you to my room." She arched against him.

"I had to make a promise today, I feel like you should too. And that should be it." He trailed kisses over her chin and neck, growling. She giggled, pushing at him again, and this time he relented, moving off her. "Alright. Let's get supper started then, shall we?" 

"Yes. We should." She stood in the bed, turning her back to him as she let the blanket drop, and stretched. When she turned to look and see if he was paying attention, she saw his eyes darken with desire and smiled to herself. "You make me feel pretty when you look at me like that." 

"Pretty? You're absolutely stunning." He stopped in his tracks, watching her pull on her nightgown. "Do you need me to help with anything?" He was all too excited to help with the buttons ranging from breast to navel, kissing her neck as he worked at them. Even making dinner was harrowing. She flittered around, rubbing against him, and kissing him as they worked. As soon as he couldn't stand it, and started to react back, she put on the breaks, stopping him. It was excruciating and fabulous all at the same time. 

Once supper was in the oven, Damion sliced the bread laying out a few pieces for them. He would put them in the oven closer to when the rest of their meal would be ready. Once finished, he dusted off his hands, giving her a sideways glance. "Alright, in just a short while, I'll need to add the bread to the oven." He leaned against the counter. Her fingers traced his stomach, and he had to grab onto the counter to stop himself from grabbing her. "This might be too much, love. If you keep teasing me like this, I'm going to go mad." He reached out, his fingers curling in her hair. "I'm starting to not even care about the promise." 

"I care." She took a few steps back, pulling her bottom lip into her mouth. "I'm sorry." 

"Love, please don't apologize to me. It's not your fault. I just have no control." He laughed. "You can stand here and touch me, or stand there nibbling your lip, and it still excites me." He pushed away from the counter, but as he aproched her, she squeeked nearly backing into the hot stove. His arm wound around her, pulling her from danger. "Should you be apologizing because I can't control my emotions." 

"I'm not helping." She blushed, making fits in his shirt. "I should should" 

"There is nothing you can do. So, don't apologize, please. You are giving me exactly what I asked for." His lifted her chin up so that she was looking at him and kissed her softly. "Everything I could ever want." He said with bated breath. "All I've ever dreamed of." She sighed as his lips viered to follow her jawling, ending with a nibble on her earlobe. "More than I ever knew I needed." He twirled her around until her back pressed against the counter, gently. His thumb just grazing over her nipple, and his knee pressed between her thighs. She was gasping, his name a whisper on her lips. Then he released her. Leaving her head spinning and her blood boiling. He grabbed the bread, slathering some butter on each piece and tossing them in the oven. 

Volencia's head spun. His words, his soft, eager kisses nearly did her in. She leaned hard on the counter, her knees threatening to buckle, as he went about his business like she hadn't just turned to putty in his hands. "That was cruel." 

He laughed, winking at her. "I shouldn't be the only one in torment. Now you know how I feel. Should I start applogizing profusely and acting like I'm in the wrong for making you feel this way? Should I stop?" He lifted her hand to his lips, kissing each finger and her palm. "I'm sorry," his head shook, dropping her hand, and he took a sidestep away, glancing anywhere but at her. "I really am an idiot." He covered his face. 

Volencia punched his arm. "You are being an idiot." She laughed. "I guess I kinda am too. Because I definitely don't want you to stop. Or to feel bad for the way I feel, because it's absolutely wonderful." 

###chapter Fifty-five **
Damion took a long drink, enjoying the way her fingers wound in his hair. It had gotten darker outside, "I'm going to light a few more candles. Eat up. Remember, you're eating for two now." He was standing between her knees. Placing his drink down on the counter, his hands rubbed her belly gently, a smile playing at his lips. Looking up at her, he kissed her lips gently before grabbing a piece of fish from the tray beside him, dipping it in the chartis sauce before holding it up for her. 

Volencia took it with her lips, suckling on his finger as she did. When she let him go, he turned away. Grabbing a little stick from a vase near the kitchen window, he put it in the flame of an already burning candle, and lit more around the small hut. The light glow around them, and the smell of the burning candles relaxed Volencia. Slidding from the counter she carried the trays over to the table and then went back for their drinks. Topping of her milk and his ale. "Come sit with me." She smiled, pulling the chair out for him. 

Damion took his place, and she curled up on his lap. They fed each other for a while, caressing each other, occasionally nibbling at an earlobe, throat, or lip. As time slipped away, Volencia switched positions so that she was straddling him. His eyes went dark as her hands roamed his chest, scratching his back lightly. She played with each nipple, one at a time and he chuckled. "Can I do that to you?" His face was flushed, but he was slowly forgetting his boundaries. Not that she wanted him to break his promise, but she didn't feel like this qualified.

Pulling at the laces between her breast, the soft blue fabric loosened. She pressed the bodice down until it collected under her breasts. Damion licked his lips, watching. His eyes had transformed to that dark, forest green as her hands gently messaged her breasts. "I wish they were bigger." She pouted, looking down. He looked into her eyes, surprised. 

"Are you kidding? They're perfect." He leaned over, kissing her on the lips, trailing a blaze over her goose-raised skin. Her curled toes grazed the back of his calves as his large hand engulfed one breast and his lips found the other. When she arched against him, his hand found the small of her back, and he pressed her closer. The sudden need to be skin to skin was overwhelming for them both. 

Volencia pressed her mound to his cock, rubbing up and down against him. Their clothes were still on. No sex. That was the agreement. Damion growled as she started to pick up speed running herself against him over and over. He lifted her by the waist onto the table, knocking the food to the side as he fought with her skirts. Lifting them until they were at her waist. He put himself back between her legs where her juices wet his pajama bottoms through. When she locked her legs behind him, pulling him in, he moaned. Loudly. "Oh, this is just pure torture." His brow pinched together as he panted. Sweat was blossoming over his chest. 

Volencia wiggled out of her dress, tossing it aside. "You can keep your clothes on. But I like it when you look at me." With a quick intake of breath, he was all but lost. Damn the promise. How could he resist her? 

"Vixen." He smiled. When he stepped away, she watched excited as his cock came out and his pants fell around his ankles. He kicked them away. 

She blushed, sitting up on the table. "Wait." She said, "Just remember, we're just playing." Her hand reached out, cupping his balls, his hands grabbed her shoulders. "They're so smooth. Would it be okay if I kissed them?" When those large blue eyes looked up at him, begging, he nearly jumped on top of her. "Light kisses and a little lick here or there doesn't hurt. Right?" 

"Not at all." He stepped between her legs, grabbing her bottom as he lifted her against him. She kissed him passionately, her fingers twining in his hair as he effortlessly carried her over to his nest. He stepped in first, then laid her down before pressing himself against her. She could feel his erection on her hip and she let herself twine around him as they kissed deeply and passionately. As he found her entrance she pulled away, sitting up. 

"Nope, not that." She smiled down at the frustrated look he was giving her. "I promised." 

"Yeah, and then you decided to give me a full, absolutely amazing display. There's no way-" Volencia covered his mouth, laughing joyfully. 

"Yes." She nodded, letting her breast trail his chest as she moved over him, pressing him back into the plush softness. "However. The rest of this has been really fun too." 

"Well, I can't disagree there." He closed his eyes. It was too much. Her hands and lips trailed over his strong, muscled chest and abs. Crawling between his legs, she rocked back, letting her lips find his cock. As her lips gently kissed and suckled at his throbbing member, her fingers gently ran along his side. As she touched just over his hip bone, his fingers curled into the blankets. She straddled one of his legs and ran her pussy over his thigh, shivering as their skin touched. Half sitting up he said. "Turn around." With the soft curve of the nest, it was a bit of work for him to get her into the position he wanted, but with his legs up and over the edge, and him laying through the center, her thighs settled on either side of his ears. He pulled her hips down until her lips met his, and he suckled the juices from her. 

Volencia cried out as he found her. It was amazing. Her body already shivered, clenching as his tongue moved in and out of her licking and nipping at her tender flesh. She wanted to have him in her mouth too, but she was too short and couldn't reach him. Instead, her fingers slid over him, wrapping around him, and his hips jerked. His hands found her breasts, pulling her up so that she sat back on his face. As he growled, the sound reverberated through her, sending chills along her. Gyrating her hips, she bounced on him, pressing her hands against his chest as her movements became wild with need. "Damion mhm." 

Pulling his tongue out of her, his lips found her bud, and as he rolled it between his lips, she couldn't take it anymore. Crying out, stars twinkled at the edge of her vision. Her whole body pulsed with her orgasm, but Damion didn't stop, and she couldn't keep going. It was far too overwhelming. Pitching forward, she pulled herself away from him, taking him into her mouth. Still frantic with need, wanting to see him enjoy her as much as she had enjoyed him. She wanted him to have as much pleasure as he gave. 

Playing with his sack as her lips worked over him, his body trembled underneath her. She moaned as his fingers found her. He leaned up, his teeth biting gently into her flesh from behind. His fingers dug into her thighs as the growled low, falling back onto the cushions, his hips jerking as he came in her mouth. She continued to suckle him until his hands tried to pull her away. "I can't" he said breathlessly. 

Letting him slip from her mouth, she blew on him gently. His body racked with shivers again. Turning around in the nest, she curled up beside him. "I love you." She whispered. 

Damion's arms wrapped around her, pulling her as close as he could. "I love you." He sighed. Reaching down, she pulled the blankets up over them. "Wait." He got up, blowing out all the candles and grabbed a glass of water. She took a quick sip before they cuddled close again. "That was amazing. But with all that, we could have just had sex." 

"Yeah, but we can still say we didn't." She felt the heat rise on her cheeks. 

"I'm not sure we can honestly say that." He chuckled. "I'm pretty sure that counted." 

"I'm sorry." She whispered, burring her face in his chest. Goddess, she loved his smell. His touch. His everything. 

"Don't be. That was amazing. Are you properly worn out now?" His hand pushed her hair back, messaging her shoulders and arm. 

"I am. Are you?" 

"Completely spent." Quiet settled around them as they both drifted off to sleep. Content and happy laying in each other's arms. 

***

**Hello Readers! Hope you're enjoying the story so far. If you are, please don't forget to like the ###chapter, leave a comment, and/or share with friends. Because of the frequent, little breaks we've had this week, I'll be posting another ###chapter later today, so keep a look out for it. Happy reading!**

###chapter Fifty-six
The first gretemp had come and gone by the time Volencia stirred in Damion's arms. Kumaris already warming the world around them. The plan had been that they would wake early and leave for Thambair. Giving him time to mark the route. And though he had been awake for at least an hour, which was still substantially late for him, he couldn't bring himself to wake the beauty in his arms. 

Knowing the longer they stayed here in bed, the more upset his mom would be, didn't faze him either. He had no intention of lying anyway. So, he had stopped worrying about it. Though, technically, he hadn't really broken his promise either; they did have an intense night together. The best he'd ever had, and he had not wanted it to end. 

She stretched beside him, and all the wild abandon they'd shared the night before crashed around him. Her sleep filled eyes met his moments before she planted a chaste kiss on his chin and closed again. 

"Morning, love." 

"The most amazing morning of my entire life." She giggled, "I'm not even awake yet, but you seem ready to continue our adventures from last night." She wiggled against him.

His hands pressed her hips, trying his damdest to ignore those pouting lips. "I need to calm down so I can step outside. Besides, we both slept too late. We'll have to get up and start moving sooner than later." 

"That eager to get back to my castle and have your way with me?" She said into his throat, nibbling his skin there. 

"Oh, you have no idea." He growled. "But at the same time, I'm not particularly interested in loosing good sunlight. I'd prefer to avoid spending a third night traveling though the forest. I've got my work cut out for me along the way already." 

"Fair." She said, sitting up abruptly. Starting to scramble for the side of the nest, Damion reached over and pulled a buck in, holding it out to her. There was a brief flash of gratitude before Volencia's face disappeared in the bucket. Her stomach was empty, so there wasn't much that came up, but it didn't stop her stomach from trying. 

Damion spent a bit of time fussing over her, before she finally convinced him to walk her to the little building outside where she could relieve herself. Worried his mom would pounce on them the moment his door opened, he had Volencia wait inside for a few minutes before going back for her. To his relief, mom wasn't here to reprimand them. Once they were both lighter, they did go to his parent's house. He was originally going to go alone, but Volencia insisted on going too. 

Kirna was quiet overall, but seemed far less concerned with their intimacy this morning than she had been the night before. She even had a substancial breakfast laid out waiting for them. "I don't know if you've seen Travion this morning or not, but he's been packing for you. I wish you could have stayed a little longer." She kissed the top of Damion's head. Her eyes settling on Volencia across the table. "And I'm sorry about how I acted last night. I hope I didn't upset either of you too much. I worry about my boys too much sometimes and was out of line. I really am happy to have you join our family, dear." 

"Thank you, mom. I do understand where you're coming from." Volencia figgited with the food on her plate. "You went through a lot when my father and mother got together, and I know you've seen the pain he went through for entering her world. You have every right to worry about your son. I do too." She could feel tears starting to pool and tried to blink them away so they wouldn't fall. Her gaze never left her plate. 

From her peripherial vision, she saw Damion move. Heard the scrape of his chair, and then felt his arm wrap around her waist, pulling her close to him. "You are worth it. I will protect you, love." 

"And we all support you, daughter." She heard Lennion say behind her. 

"Maybe this all was a bad idea-" Damion put a finger to her lips, stopping her. 

"Shhh," his forehead bumped hers gently, "Don't say such things. Come on." He pulled to standing, sat himself down and softly coaxed her onto his lap. "Please, eat. You didn't get enough last night." He kissed her shoulder gently, moving the plate closer to her. 

Kirna took Damion's seat after prepping a plate for Lennion, and joined them at the table, eating from the plate Damion had abandoned. The conversation moved to lighter fare. Kirna had packed them enough food for three days. Items that were safe for travel, plus a whole pack of chartis to bring with them. "I also wrote out the recipe for chartis pie, incase you wanted to try your hand, or have on of your cooks make it for you." 

"Thank you." She smiled. Damion only nibbled this morning, only eating when she offered him food. "You should eat more, you'll be hungry by the time we set up camp for the night." 

"Once you're satisfied, I'll finish up. You need to eat first." She pulled another piece of bacon off the plate in the middle of the table. She hadn't eaten this much meat in a long time, but she just couldn't stop. It was delicious. The eggs were light and fluffy, and no one could bake a loaf of bread like Kirna. 

"There's more than plenty." Volencia sighed, "I'm not going to eat all this." 

"That's fine." He did spread butter over a slice of bread. As he lifted it to his mouth, she leaned forward, giggling as she took a bite from the side at the same time he did. His other hand squeezed her side playfully. Once she was finished, she found she had eaten far more than she had expected, and Damion cleared up the rest as she went home to change into her riding clothes. Trishia was there too, finishing up their packing and making sure everything was in order. She plaited Volencia's hair. 

Travion, Birna, and Lenny came and talked for a while as they packed. Damion was on his game now, eager to leave, and complaining that they should have left sooner. It didn't take long for them to get everything together and packed up. Nearly the entire village came out to see them off, and the three elves made the rounds hugging and shaking hands. Trishia only hugged Birna and Lenny, Volencia hugged the entire family, but Damion made a quick turn around with half the village before they let him leave. Just like when they had gotten here, a band of striplings attacked him in the street and they rolled around wrestling for a moment before he finally stopped and pulled each of them into a tight hug. 

Once they were over the small, slick bridge where they had originally come into the village at, quiet fell around them. The day went rather quickly, and Damion market one side of the trail while Volencia marked the other. He used a red dye leaving a large swish over the bark. Volencia used her magic to scortch a line through the trees. 

Overall, they weren't able to move fast, but they kept up the pace and made it to the original shelter which he had missed on their way here. It was roomier and they made it in time to the point where Damion actually set up a tent. Tethering the horses, Trishia helped put out their food and Volencia used her magic to fill them with water. Though Damion had offered to go to a river nearby. But she didn't want him to leave, as it was starting to get dark, and she didn't want to have to worry. They only bothered with one tent, and just like before, he ended up in the middle of his travel companions. By the time the creatures were roaming around outside the shield, both of them clung to either arm nearly all night long. This time though, he was in a much better mood. 

There wasn't a big fuss over breakfast, but Volencia did vomit on their blanket. So, they had to take some time for Damion to wash it in the river. But he was worried about it not being dry in time, because there was no way to hang it off the horses without it getting dirty. 

They continued on, marking the trail again, they didn't move quickly, but kept up a good pace. Half way through the day, Volencia started to look peeked. With in a few hours, she was slumping and swaying in the sadle. Damion was becoming more worried. Though he kept asking her if she was alright, she kept insisting she was fine. He did make her stop marking the trees, and that little adventure went by the way-side. They had to stop more than normal because her stomach was riled up, and she couldn't stop vomiting. They even stopped early to rest because he was so worried. 

*Is my darkness bringing pain to her through the baby* This was the thought that was constantly running through his mind, and he felt like he was slowly going crazy. *Will the healers in Thambair even know what to do?*

***

**Vaction is over, things are going to start to ramp up again. Happy reading. ;)** 

###chapter Fifty-seven
None of them slept well, and because Volencia was now complaining about random pain all over her body, especially in her lower stomach, Damion had them moving slowly to make sure that she wasn't jostled around too much. He didn't bother to saddle her horse. Morning Star was a smoother gate and was less likely to chomp at the bit. All the extra provisions went on Dark Night instead. Settling onto Morning Star with his princess in his lap. She kept her cloak wrapped tightly around her, even though the day wasn't particularly cold. She even took Damion's cloak to cover her legs. 

Because of this it took an extra day and a half to get back to Thambair. He was cutting it close, Claven was meeting everyone tomorrow, and Volencia wasn't well. He had no idea what he should do. As they made it to the gates, the soldiers collected there saw them coming and took to the sides of the streets in a fanfare of welcome to their Princess. Damion stopped at the front of the line, where a Lutenient held a fist to his heart. "Jerven, I need you to send someone ahead to get the castle healers together, our Princess is not feeling well, and will need to be seen immediately." 

Lutenient Jerven thumped his fist against his sternum, nodding at the soldier standing beside him. The young elf bowed low before turning on his heals and running off. "We have a healer inside the baracks, do you need for me to call her out?" His eyes wandered over Princess Volencia wrapped in her cloak cacoon despite it being a warm day. "What happened?" 

"She fell ill on our way back. She has fever but is complaining she is freezing. I think it would be best to see the healers she's familiar with up at the castle." Volencia squirmed in his arms, and he leaned down speaking softly into her ear. "Unless you think you need immediate attention?" 

"No," she croaked out, "I want to see Gladia." She gripped his shirt, tears wetting his tunic. 

"Okay, we'll get you to the casle. Thank you, Leutenant." Damion nodded. 

"Yes, Sir." He hit his fist against his chest, as Damion started the slow easy walk through the city back toward the castle. No one paid them any mind. They looked like regular folk going about their business. Damion had actually been surprised the soldiers realized it was them. He figured someone on look out duty must have recognized him as they approached, which meant it would have likely been a new recruit. 

"Damion?" Volencia cried. "I think something's really wrong with the baby." 

"Shh everything is going to be okay sweet heart. Please don't stress yourself out over something we don't know." Unfortuntely, he believed she was right and his arm wrapped around her more tightly. 

"What if I lose him? You won't have to marry me anymore." Damion frowned, starting to feel emotional too.

"I'll still want to marry you, love. There is nothing in the world that would change that." 

"What if we find out I can never have children? Why would you still want me broken like that?" She was starting to paw at his chest. He could feel her panic rising. Her breaths were becoming shallow and fast. 

"Sweetheart. Calm down." He raised her face up to look him in the eye and wiped away her tears. "There is nothing that will ever make me not want you. I swear. If we couldn't have our own babies, we'll adopt and be just as happy."

"A royal family that can't produce an heir is doomed and cast in shame. What if it's not the same. With every step I take, I make everything worse. You don't deserve-" Damion gently placed a finger to her lips. She was sobbing between her words.

"There is no shame in adopting. I am adopted, remember. So is Travion. I'm worried about you, but it's not worse. Not right now. We just need to find out what's happening. For all we know, it could be my fault." He soothed her hair and she closed her eyes, whatever energy she had to argue gone. Her fingers slid from his shirt into her lap. He's relieved she's fallen asleep, but it concerns him too. Her breathing is shallow, and she's shivering in his arms.

As they made it to the gates of the castle grounds, a soldier jogged up to the side of the path. "Master, the guard has been informed you were coming. The healers were brought to the sitting room on the first floor in the west wing. We didn't want you to have to go through the palace. We can have them relocated to her room if you want though." It was Tatron, the soldier he bested with the switch before they left for Samanthia.

"No." Damion shook his head, a bit irritated by being called Master. "I would much prefer to get her laid down as soon as possible. Can you have someone take care of our mounts and tack, and have our things brought up to my room? I'll put everything away later." 

"Yes, Master." Tatron jogged the rest of the way up the path by their side. Stopping at the base of the stairs, Damion threw his leg over Morning Star's neck, Tatron raised his arms, "I can help." 

"I don't want to jostle her around too much." He slid from the mare's back, landing softly on the balls of his feet. Tatron touched Damion's shoulder lightly, but he didn't really need assistance with being stabilized. "And please, just call me Damion." 

Tatron bowed, "There are far too many things I look forward to learning from you. And your skill is too far above. Until I know what you know, Master will have to do." 

Damion chuckled, shaking his head. "When you are done, can you head down to stand by in the hall incase we need anything else?" 

"Of course. Do you need anything else before I start?" Tatron asked, excitedly.

"No. Thank you." 


###chapter Fifty-eight
Damion headed into the West Wing, worried eyes followed him as he carried the princess through the halls. He wondered what they were thinking right now? Gladia was waiting at the door to the sitting room. As Damion carried Volencia into the room, she closed the door quietly behind her, asking Trishia to wait outside. 

"I want Trish." Volencia's whisper was muffled in his shirt. 

"Excuse me, the Princess would prefer you let Trishia into the room. She's been helping care for her the last few days." Damion turned. The other healers in the room looked over in surprise. A maid being beside someone of the royal family at a time like this was not look well upon. Not in this sense, anyway. As she came in, she settled next to Damion on her knees, brushing Volencia's hair back as he stood to explain to the healers what had been going on, and what her symptoms were.

The head healer looked down at her. Brushing his hand along her brow. "So, fever, vomiting, chills, sweats, shaking, and she's been in and out of coherency?" A soft knock sounded at the door, but they didn't wait for an answer. Both Venron and Gregron swept into the room. 

"What happened?" Venron asked, pushing through the crowd circling the sofa she was curled up on. 

"She fell ill on our way back. She had been having some issues the whole while, not feeling quite right. But we didn't realize it was this serious." Damion said, trying to avoid saying more. He explained everything in a little more detail this time. He worried his lip, knowing he needed to tell them all that she was likely pregnant, but he didn't know how. He had expected that she would be able to help him break the news. Her hand grazed his leg before falling back to the couch, so he turned, dipping down, taking her hand in his. "Are you okay?" 

"Stay with me. Don't leave." Tears pooled in her eyes. No matter how many times he told her he wasn't going anywhere, she still seemed positive that he was going to leave. The healers were talking about what it could possibly be, when Venron placed himself beside Damion. 

"How are you, love?" He touched her elbow, slowly trying to pull the cloaks off her to replace them with a proper blanket. 

"Father, I'm sorry. I don't want to lose the baby. Please help us." Her fingers crawled over the sofa and clung to his, though there was little strength in the action. 

"The what?" Venron leaned in, clearly believing he miss heard. 

"We believe she may be pregnant." Damion's eyes met the King's. 

A mix of feelings crossed over his visage before he leaned over his daughter. For a brief moment, Damion flinched, waiting for some kind of outburst. But his eyes only softened, looking back at his daughter, and squeezing her fingers. "I will do what I can." 

"We're going to need to do an examination." Gladia announced. "Her symptoms would match if the fetus died. We should take a look and find out if that's what's happening. If it is, her life may be in jeopardy." Volencia started sobbing, and though it felt like he'd just been stabbed in the heart, he looked at her softly. Trying to calm her. 

The King stood stepping away. Gladia asked everyone to leave the room, but as Damion tried to stand, she cried harder, clasping his hands. Begging he stay. He was only off the floor a few inches, settling back down immediately. "I'll stay, love. I'm not leaving you. I promise." 

"Princess, we're going to have to remove your clothing. Are you sure he should stay?" 

"Please." Volencia begged, groaning as her body shivered in pain. 

She tried to sit up, but he eased her back down. "I'm staying. I won't leave you. I promise." 

"She may need surgery." Gladia said, working at the ties on Volencia's pants to try and get them off. 

Damion watched her eyes widen, fear gripping her chest. "Could we not say those things until we know." He begged. Feeling his own panic rise.

"Sorry." She said. Everyone left the room, except Venron, who pulled up a chair and sat behind the sofa where he wouldn't be able to see his exposed daughter. 

"I'll stay over here, but will be available if needed." Venron cleared his throat, "How long have you known?" 

"Not until my mom started putting pieces together. Volencia, at least as far as I know, started vomiting on our way there. We thought it was because she used a lot of magic that morning" 

"Oh my Goddess." Gladia gasped, slowly pulling Volencia's pants from her. 

None of them changed while they were on the road, so the only times they would have had a chance to see her skin was she relieved herself. But that hadn't been necessary because she wasn't eating or drinking. 

"It hurts." Volencia cried out, trying to roll into a ball again. Damion staired, lifting the hem of the shirt he had borrowed from Tatron the night before they left. Huge dark lines snaked over her stomach, nearly reaching her ribs. Wrapping around her waist and vanishing down her thighs. 

Damion looked up at Gladia. He was in complete and total shock, not a noise escaped his mouth. She stared at him, "I'm going to check on the babe." She pressed her hand to the burning flesh below Volencia's belly button. Volencia screamed the entire time Gladia was touching her. She gasped again. "The babe lives but I don't understand what's going on? I need to go get the other healers." She said, rushing out the door. 

Damion stood up, turning to pull a blanket from the back of another chair, drapping it over her hips and legs. "Your Highness, please, come look at this." His voice was thick with emotion and fear. 

Venron rounded the sofa and stared down at the lines. "How far along is she?" 

Wrapping his arms around his chest, he couldn't bare to look at the King. "The day I rescued her."

Venron's eyes were dark as they settled on Damion. "You've been having an affair with my daughter since the day you came here?" 

Damion sighed, dropping to his knees beside Volencia as her fingers gripped at him. Taking her hand in his, he looked back up at the King and could feel tears gathering. "No." His voice was thick with emotion. "Someone else took over my body. It was my seed, but I didn't choose to we've been calling him ghost because we don't know anything about him. But once they had captured me, when they were about to take her in the square, he took over everything in me. I guess he told Volencia that the reason he could come was because of me, I can only guess it's because of the magic I have." Damion caressed Volencia's forehead and cheek. "Her symtoms started when we left for Samanthia. We were attacked on the road, and her magic went haywire. I had to use my own to control it and to make sure she didn't kill Trishia and I." 

Damion had to stop for a minute, taking a few deep breaths. "She started vomiting after that. I thought it was the magic. She didn't usually use it, so I figured that had to be what was affecting her. Once we made it to the village, it didn't take mom long to realize that other signs were there. She came to Volencia and I asking if we had been intimate, then told us she believed the princess was pregnant. It was a shock to us both." 

"You haven't touched her since that day?" The King frowned. "You seem awfully comfortable having her lay there naked in front of you." 

"The marks are pretty disturbing. But you're right. A few days after we learned that she was pregnant, I asked her to marry me. Our emotions were high and ran away with us both. We were together that night too."

Venron gasped, staring wide eyed down at the elf clinging to his daughter. Tears running down his cheeks as he soothed her in the only way he seemed to know how. Though she still groaned and cried from the pain. "My daughter and you are engaged?" 

"Pending your blessing. Yes." 

"Please father" her eyes opened briefly to look up at him. 

"You're willing to take responsibility of a child you had no say in?" Venron wanted desperately to ask other questions, tell them other things, but he couldn't every time his mind flittered over those important bits, his mind and tongue froze before he was able to focus again. 

"It was still my body besides, I love your daughter, with all that I am. I would die for her and want nothing more than to never have to let her go or see her harmed. I can't wait to share this with her. To hold the babe and her in my arms. Tell me what I can do to protect them now, and I will do anything." As Volencia started sobbing again, he raised himself up, pulling the shirt back to look at her again. "It's my magic, isn't it? Her body is rejecting the child because he has the nihility magic in him." Damion's hand shook. "What can we do?" 

###chapter Fifty-nine
###chapter Fifty-nine

"It's building up. It needs to be released." Venron's words were quiet. He wasn't sure about any of this, but he knew his daughter wouldn't last long like this. The healers walked back into the room, standing behind the two elves kneeling before the princess.

"Can I do that, like I did when I touched the invitation for Claven's event? I won't hurt either of them, will it?" Venron stood, going to where Gregron stood, his arms folded over his chest, a worried scowl watching them. Grabbing the Captain's hand, he pulled him along until they were staring down at Volencia together. 

"I don't understand" Gregron whispered, "I don't know anything about-" Venron hit his arm, his lips pressed together. When Gregron only stared at him, looking confused, Venron sighed and paced. 

"We've been talking it over." The healer looked between them all. "The best we'll be able to do to help is remove the child. It's clearly the root of the issue." Volencia cried out, clinging to Damion, who felt his panic rising. If he didn't figure out what the King was trying to tell him, he would lose his baby. "And after this type of surgery, there would be the chance she won't be able conceve again. But it would be better than losing the only heir we have." 

"We're not going to let that happen." Damion answered shakily, pulling Volencia into his arms. She cried out, but still clung to him. Begging him over and over to save the baby. Losing him would destroy her. 

"And what are you going to do?" The head healer scoffed, but Gladia elbowed him in his side, shaking her head. "Because we think you've already done enough." 

Damion ignored the elf, because if he didn't, the healer would likely crawl out of this room with broken bones. Taking in a deep shaky breath, he swallowed hard, his hand trembling as it moved slowly closer to her stomach. Venron grabbed his hand, making a fist, and placing it in a position where it hovered above her stomach, directly in the center. Venron spread his own hands open, his pointer fingers and thumbs circling Damion's fist, while the other fingers spread out wide. He wiggled the six that weren't making the circle around Damion's fist. His hands vanished, and he gave Damion a thumbs up. Then cupping his hands, he covered Damion's fist, staring at him a moment, then shaking his head. 

"I need to leave some of the magic around the baby, and make sure I don't touch him while removing the surrounding magic which is compacting in her stomach?" Damion's brow hitched. If that wasn't what the king was saying, then he had no idea what it was. A small smile hitched at the corners of the King's lips. But he stayed silent, sitting back on his haunches. Damion turned back to Volencia's upper half, pushing her hair out of her face. "I'm going to do my best. I love you, darling." His lips pressed hers gently. The tears staining their cheeks mixing as he pulled her into him. 

"I love you. I'm so sorry." Her voice rasped. He normally would argue with her about that apology, but it wasn't worth it. Peppering kisses on her forehead, nose, and each eye. He repeated the words to her. His gut clentched and he couldn't remember the last time he'd been so terrified to try a spell. Especially one he knew as well as releasing magic into the void, no less. 

He stared at her belly, the black veins over her porceline skin were terrifying. He wondered if that's what his skin looked like to others. Caressing her briefly, his hand pulled away as she sobbed. His touch was causing too much pain for her, and his stomache roiled for it. If she did this the entire time he would likely panic. His heart already felt like it was going to burst from his chest. He needed both hands on her, to do what had to be done. His left would watch, with his creation magic, to make sure he didn't get too close to the babe. With his right hand, he drew out the ruine and had to keep it moving in order to draw out the magic to be tossed into the void. 

When his hand made contact, she inhailed, becoming as stiff as a board. Her sobs and moans destroying him. But as he started to trace the ruines on her skin to collect the nihility magic boiling in her system, she started screaming. He was able to pull only a little out before complete panic overtook him, and he broke the connection, pulling her into his arms as they sobbed together. "I'm so sorry I don't think I can do this." 

"Please. We don't have a choice." She clung to him. "Don't worry about me. I'll be fine." Her voice was hoarse, and even with her whispering in his ear, he was having a hard time hearing what she said. Breathing in her scent, he tried to calm his nerves. If he lost her, his entire world would be over.

"Damion, you're going to have to push through." Gladia put a soft hand on his shoulder. "I don't think they'll last much longer if you don't do something. I know it's hard, but it will likely save at least her life." 

"It's okay, love." Her hand came up to cup his face, but she was too weak, and her fingers only lightly touch his chin before her hand fell. Venron sat beside her, pulling her into his arms and leaning her against his chest. She clung to her father's arms as Damion's hands hovered over her belly. He looked at her with concern again. Wishing like hell Travion was here. If he were, he would have taken her pain just like he did with the unicorns. 

Squeezing his eyes closed, Damion called upon his magic. He started with creation, to help him view and protect the baby. But once he started tracing the ruines to pull the nihility magic from her into the void, she arched. She bit her lip, trying desperately not to scream, but he could still hear it. Deep in his mind and throughout his entire soul. It was killing him, but he couldn't stop. Peeking a look, he saw the vining black curls over her belly fading away. The further down into her belly he had to go, the more pain it seemed to cause her. Her leg kicked up, and the blanket started to fall off her. It was Gladia who reached over pulling the blanket back in place to keep her modestly covered. The closer he got to the baby, the slower he forced the draw to go. Ebbing his way ever closer to the little life growing in Volencia's belly. Though it felt like forever, it did finally end, and Damion pulled his hands away from her, tears still streaming down his face. He sat back on his heals, watching the relief flood over her features as she relaxed back against her father. 

After a moment of resting, Volencia's eyes slowly opened. Damion was on the floor, his head pressed between his knees. Sitting up, she pulled the blanket up and over her exposed belly. "Are you okay, Damion?" She scootched over on the sofa leaning forward to run her fingers through his hair. He only shook his head, crawling over to lay against her lap. He started sobbing, wrapping his arms around her legs, whispering how sorry he was. She leaned over, kissing the top of his head in her lap continuing to sooth his hair. She kept telling him it was okay, and she was fine now. 

Venron stood, touching her cheek. "The healers, Gregron, and I are going to step out and leave you two alone. Let you get dressed. Do either of you need anything? You both look exhausted." 

"No." She shook her head. "I think we might head up to our room to nap for a while. I know I'm exhausted and I have no doubt he is too. We'll meet you for supper if you'd like." She smiled up at her father. 

"I would like that. Clearly we have a lot to catch up on." He bent over, placing a hand on Damion's shoulder. "Once again, you leave me wondering, what the hell would we do without you?" 

"This was my fault. Without me, your daughter wouldn't have been in danger in the first place." Damion mumbled into her leg, only half turning his head. 

Venron shrugged, patting his shoulder. "Perhaps your right. This one is your fault. But it's still better than rape, torture, and losing our entire kingdom. And I get a son I actually like, not to mention a grandchild. Overall, I have to admit that I'm looking forward to the beginning of a big happy family. But before a blessing will be dolled out, we'll all need to have a chat. I have some news for you too." He waved, pushing everyone else out of the room before leaving. 

"I'm sorry." He whispered again, crawling up to sit beside her and pull her into his arms. "I had no idea it would be dangerous for you to carry my baby." 

Wiping away his tears, she kissed his lips softly. "How could you have known? Besides, it's not like you had much of an option." His hand settled on her belly, leaning his head against hers. "Why don't you find my pants, and we'll go upstairs. I think we both need to lay down and rest." 

He nodded, proffering the riding pants to her a moment later. He took her hand, pulling her up. But she was still sore, and her stomach wasn't feeling well, so she asked him for help. He did take advantage of her standing before him half naked, trailing gentle kisses up her thigh, over her hip, and to her lower stomach where their baby nestled. "I love you, so much." 

"I love you, too." She sighed. Once in her room, they both pulled themselves from their travel clothes. Damion poored a small pot of water, and they took turns washing each other down. Though they both were too tired for it to go beyond a few light kisses and butterfly touches. Damion slipped into bed, and she hunkered down beside him, laying her head on his shoulder. It did not take long for them to fall asleep clinging to each other.

###chapter Sixty
A knock on the door later that evening, roused Damion from his slumber. He kept waiting for them to leave. Not ready to join the waking world again. "Princess, we have a guest here, and your father requires you to come down and join them." 

Damion groaned, kicking out from under the covers. Wrinkling his nose at the dirty travel clothes. He would have to remember to bring some of his own garments into the room. Damion went to the door, opening it just enough to see the servant standing there, the boys face went red, as he became suddenly interested in his boots. "I'm sorry sir, I didn't know you were indisposed." 

"It's fine. Who is here?" Damion asked, wishing he'd put on his shirt too. 

"I'm not sure, Sir. But the King has requested the Princess join him in his study." The boy kicked his foot into the floor. His hands pressed before him. 

"Okay, thank you. Let them know we'll be down shortly." Damion started to close the door. 

"They didn't request you, Sir. Just the Princess." The boy looked a little wild eyed. 

"It doesn't really matter. If you're more comfortable, just tell them she'll be down shortly." Damion smiled, clicking the door closed. 

Volencia smiled at him from the bed, "I think you gave that poor young elf a heart attack. Not only opening my door half naked, but then to deny the demands of the king." She laughed. 

"I was definitely not what he was expecting." Damion chuckled, crawling across the bed to kiss her gently. "I'm going to go change. I'd prefer you just stay in bed and relax, okay?" 

"Not likely." She kissed him back, sitting up so that the blankets cascaded down her body ever so slowly. "Though, I will relent if you stay in bed with me." She gave him a mischievious smile. 

"Oh, if only we could. I have a feeling it's probably Lock or Claven, and I don't want them anywhere near you right now." His eyes lingered on her longingly. She pushed at him, telling him to go get ready. When he returned, he found her in a lovely green silk gown, and in need of someone to help her with the buttons on the back. "You know, if I refuse to help you, you'd be forced to stay up here or wait for Trishia or another maid to come to call." 

"You do that, and I'll head down in my undergarments." She quipped, frowning at him.

"Over my dead body." He chuckled, going to her back and placing kisses along her collar and neck as he followed her instruction. Turning in his arms, she kissed him when he was done. Damion held the door open for her, then engulfed her hand in is huge one as they walked down to the study side by side. 

Even after knocking on the study door, and then entering, Damion didn't drop her hand. Though they were both expecting Lock or Claven, they were pleasantly surprised to see a dwarf sitting there. "Ahha! Friends. I was beginning to think you were going to ignore me!" The dwarf bellowed, clinking his large mug against the table with enough force that the dark amber liquid splashed over the top. 

As they entered, everyone stood. The dwarf came up to Damion's ribs. Long dark hair curled into a beard, beads decorated the ends of his mustache, coming to a point near his heart. Dark grey tunic and matching pants, silver and gold chains dangling from the wrist as he held out his hand. "Princess, I'm Calazerthlegle. Captain of the Aidlezeg army. I was hoping to speak with ya, and yer new friend. Honestly. Openly."

"Aren't you with the Council? You were helping them that day." She didn't smile and didn't take his hand. Her fists curling into the green silk of her skirts.

"Yes. I am. But for reasons ya don't understand. Yet." He bowed. "I wish ta rectify this. If ya can help us get away from them I would be forever grateful, and we would join ya instead. Lend our steal ta yers." He grabbed his mug, raising it to her. 

When She looked back at Damion, he pressed his lips together. This is what he'd wanted all along. A chance to make more allies. "Can I get you a drink, Princess?" He waved to the table. 

"Milk?" He smiled at her response.  

"Milk?" The dwarf nearly shouted, "Dwarven ale will put hair on yer chest. I brought a few barrels as a gift." He waved, and sure enough, four barrels were packed in the corner of the study. 

"I'm okay with not having hair on my chest." Calazerthlegle laughed loudly. "But Damion and Gregron may like a mug." To her surprise both nodded. "Please, let us all sit and enjoy a drink while we speak." She took his offered hand, not wanting to offend.

Calazerthlegle nodded, "A good welcome, thank ye." He bent below the table, where a barrel she hadn't noticed sat open with a large copper ladle sitting over the top. A few glasses already sat by. He spooned two mugs until they were brimming. 

Damion pulled out a chair for her, and she pressed her emerald green skirts aside to prevent them from bunching under her as she sat. Glad that Damion put himself between her and the dwarf. "What brings you here today?" Damion asked, putting his hand out to their guest but when they met, he gripped his forearm, in a greeting like the Samanthian's would offer. The corners of Calazerthlegle's lips curled up into a smirk.

"Afore we get inta that mighty uncomfortable conversation, lets enjoy some of this fine dwarven mead." He handed Damion the first glass, who offered it to Gregron, before reaching back for the second glass. 

"I'm surprised. Neigh many of ya long ears care for a good mead." He frowned. 

Damion smiled, "Actually, my brother makes an ale to die for. So, it may taste more like home than the light ales we have here in Thambair. Another fun fact, my dad has a few precious barrels of dwarven rum from the days at the Temple. They only get touched during special occasions, but I've never met a liquor I've liked better." 

"Yer not from round here then?" The dwarf was ecstatic to share his mead. 

"No, I'm from Samanthia. Grew up with the hidden Clagonians." 

Calazerthlegle gave him a funny look. "Prove it." 

###chapter Sixty-one
"First, may I call you, Cala?" Damion's head cocked to the side.

The dwarf eyed him suspiciously, "Fer now I'll allow it. And if durin' this meetin' I don nay revoke the offer, make sure not ta do it in front of any other elves. They'll assume yer being rude and follow." 

"Fair enough. I won't." Damion nodded with a wink. "A Hoarah?" He asked, cocking his head to the side. Cala's smile split from ear to ear, raising his glass until they hit each other, mead sploshing over the brims, splattering across the floor. They both shouted Hoarah! Laughing, they tipped back their mugs. Volencia was shocked to see the two of them, eyes locked, downing the contents as quickly as possible. As if they were racing to see who could put the mug down the quickest. The dwarf's mug hit just before Damion's. 

Letting out a loud burp, the dwarf threw his head back, laughing. "I've never seen a long ear like you keep up with one of us!" He slapped Damion's shoulder. "What's yer name, boy?" 

"Damion," he said, blowing out hard and shaking his head a little, "that was very heavy. I may regret that in a few minutes." Venron and Gregron both clapped slowly, watching him in shock. 

"Why did you do that?" Volencia asked, leaning against his back. 

He winked over his shoulder at her. "The Dwarves and Clagonians were friends before the rebellion. This was their custom when they would meet up." 

"Aye," the dwarf cocked his head at Damion. "How'd ya end up with the lizards?" With was a gleam in his eye as he took Damion's mug, "Don't suppose ye want another?" 

"Please." Damion nodded, "I'll take my time enjoying this one though." He set the mug aside as Cala handed it back to him full. "My birth mother was looking for refuge while she was pregnant with me, ending up just outside their village. She passed away during my birth, so the Samanthian's took me in." A light tap on his shoulder brought his attention to Volencia. She had stayed behind him for most of the meeting so far. 

She pressed her body against his back, half standing to whisper in his ear. "I've never had dwarven ale before, may I try some?" 

Damion smiled over his shoulder at her. "Of course." Grabbing the mug and handing it over his shoulder to her. "Careful though, it's strong. You'll just want a small sip." 

"Thank you." She pressed against his back again. He half turned, smirking. He wanted to see her reaction. As she sipped the mead, she coughed half of it back up. "Oh!" She covered her mouth, Damion turned, putting his hand on her waist, taking the mug. 

"You alright?" He asked, placing it on the table. 

"Yeah." Her hands rested on his shoulders briefly. "How did you drink it down that quickly?" 

"Trey hasn't always made a nice smooth ale like you had while we visited." Damion laughed, "We had to work through some pretty heavy batches before he got good at it."

"Most elves won't even try our brew." The dwarf smiled. "You are a brave little princess, aye. The only other lass who I've ever met that was daring enough was yer mum. She could pack it away with the best of the boys." He laughed.

Damion turned back toward Calazerthlegle with a smile as Volencia draped herself over his shoulders, smiling. "You knew my mother?" 

"Aye. Me own da was captain of the guard in Adelzeg. So often convened with the Rebel Leaders. I was just a boy then, but where I'm from, sons follow their da's steps. So, I was always expected to be the Captain. So, I got ta rub elbows with yer ma and da a few times before the world fell to shit." He took a deep long drink from his cup.

This gave Volencia a chance to lean in. "Do you trust him?" She whispered in his ear. 

I feel like we should be able to. It's questionable, so tread lightly, but I have a good feeling about him. Damion's voice rumbled through her mind. Surprising a gasp out of her. He couldn't help but chuckle. 

"Anyway, I knew the Clagonians better than the elves. Ya said I may'be know'n yer parents too?" Cala asked. 

"Most folk who knew the Temple knew them. Especially my dad. He was the Keeper of the Temple. Even cared for the library after they lost the scribe. His name was Lennion." 

"Though he always introduced himself as Len, back in the day." Venron chuckled. 

"Aye," Calazerthlegle smiled, "I remember Len. And his wife, Kirna. She wouldn' let us drink at the Temple, so instead filled our mugs full of warm chocolate." 

"Mom still makes warm milk, though chocolate isn't something we have access to at home." Damion smiled. "Kirna, my mom, talked about how she used to make warm chocolate for those who would visit the temple." He remembered those conversations fondly. "Trey and I always wanted to try it, but there was never a chance." He took a long swig of his mead, leaning back against Volencia as she smoothed his shoulders. She knew Damion didn't drink much and worried he may have gone too fast with the first. 

"Trey is yer brother?" Calazerthlegle asked, watching Damion carefully. "So, you're adopted and they had a son?" 

Volencia smirked as the Cala asked the question. Damion's brow crinkled. "No. My parents couldn't have striplings of their own. When I showed up, they were immediately ready to adopt me. Then, when I teleported my mom to some random town that had recently been rampaged, and we found another stripling. She was eager to adopt him once we realized no one else survived the attack." Damion's hand came up to touch Volencia's softly. "Travion is a River Lizard. The last of his kind, from what we know. So, he was adopted by my parents, just as I was." 

The dwarf's eyes shone. "Well then, I'd like te tell ye that I loved yer parents. You must have grown up happy."

Damion relaxed back as Volencia messaged his shoulders, letting his long legs stretch under the table. "For the most part. Yes." He shrugged.

Venron looked back at Gregron. "Could you ask them to bring dinner in, please?" 

Gregron bowed, half a smile on his face. "Of course." 

"Thank goodness," she said, wrapping her arms around Damion's shoulders, "I'm starving." 

"You should have said something sooner then." He laughed, turning to look into her eyes. You're eating for two now, remember. We need you to stay strong and healthy, especially after the last few days. 

I didn't want to be needy. She pouted, finally pulling away from him. 

Please be needy. He suddenly wanted to kiss her and pull her down into his lap. No one in this room knows what it's like to be pregnant, nor would we know what you need without you telling us. 

Yes, love. She sat in the seat behind him again, but pulled it closer to the table, looking past him and more at Cala than she had earlier. 

"Anyway," Damion cleared his throat, "What brought you here tonight?" 

Cala was in the middle of downing another cup of mead, and came back coughing. "Damn. I was hoping ye wouldn't ask that until the food arrived." 

Damion laughed, "We'll feed you regardless. I promise." 

The dwarf's meaty hands fisted as he perched them on his wide hips. "I came to warn ya not ta go ta the damnable meetin' tomorrow." 

Damion's head cocked to the side, "Why not?" 

"They have a plan ta kill ya." Calazerthlegle held up his hands, closing his eyes. "I donnae know the plan. Only that me wife, the fairy princess Aveline, told me they will force her to use her fae magic on ye." He sighed, drinking down yet another glass of mead. Volencia was surprised he hadn't fallen over in a drunken stupor yet. "She wants nothin' ta do with hurting Thambair's chances. She was friends and allies with yer mum. She doesn't want ta hurt ye, Princess, or anyone helpin' ye." 

Everyone in the room sighed. Damion sat forward, frowning, putting his arms on his knees as he leaned in toward the dwarf. "Let me ask you this, Cala. Would any of the other realms consider joining us in the rebellion?" 

"There are other realms that would be interested. But they won't leave. Like me, they're wives or daughters are being held captive. None of us will leave while they have them. Take Gareth for instance, poor boy's wife if about to have a child and they have her locked up in with the other concubines. Every time he even argues back with them, they offer the poor girl to someone to use and abuse her. He's only been involved with 'em fer a fortnight, but the poor thing is already showing his wear. It's killing him." 

Volencia didn't like the slow way Damion straightened, his back tensing and his shoulders pushing back. "So, they have your wife, and Gareth's pregnant wife. Who else do they have?" She could tell by the heave of his shoulders that anger was starting to boil up in him, and he wasn't going to let this go. Especially now. 

###chapter Sixty-two
"They have Chief Chirbon's daughter. They don't get ta become a chief just because their parent is they have to prove their worth. But Chirbon believes that she is the only one who can beat his next rival, and worries his realm will fall to someone who will truly join the Empire once he takes over. All three of our realms would leave right now if we had the chance. Never would have even joined them if we were nay forced ta." Cala's eyes were dark, he practically growled the last sentence. "They have other ladies that are important to our realms captured too, but those that are closest to us are the ones that we need back most. Just to be able to think about leaving the Empire."

"So, you're here to warn me not to go save these women, who may be my only possible chance at extending our allies?"  His voice suddenly sounded cold and angry.

"Damion." Volencia hissed, trying to pull him back. He only glared at her over his shoulder before turning his attention back to Cala.

"Yer the boy who beat Lock an' Claven, aren't ye?" The dwarf passed Damion the next mug, refilling his own.

"I am." 

Volencia gave a tight smile, looking at him. "You're the one who used the shield when I was being attacked in the streets." 

"Aye," He nodded. The smile falling from his lips. "If I could have set you free without them killin' me, I would've. They'd have killed me wife too. I'm sorry." He sighed, "I was chosen to take King Travagrad's place that day because my shield is stronger and they worried about the Arch Mage showin' up. They offered me Aidlezeg as a reward to betray my King and folk. Ta be honest, they can bite my balls. They have me wife. She'll be at Claven's tomorrow. They threatening me wit her and her wit me. She doesn wanna help them neither, but we're both trapped." He mumbled something in dwarvish before taking a long swig of ale. 

Damion joined him also taking a long swig. "So, you're telling us not to save your wife?"

"Not exactly. I wanna save her, but I donna want ta see you fail with them, otherwise we'll all be forced ta stay under their thumb. They're scared of ye. Will do anything ta mess ye up. Somehow my wife is part of the plan. That's it. I wanted to warn ye."

"We're not even going tomorrow." Volencia said, Damion could see her hand shaking as she brought her cup to her lips. 

"Our Princess means she's not going. I will be there. What does your wife look like so that I can make sure to be careful around her?" The look Volencia gave him wrenched at his heart, he'd known she didn't want him to go, but he had to. 

"She's a little shorter than I. Not dwarvish. She's a fairy. Princess Aveline of Quimbled to be exacting.  We married in secret years ago, back after Thambair left us to our own rebellion. Mess of red curls on her head, green color changin' wings. Small itty-bitty thing. She been runnin' the rebellion in Quimbled fer years. Since afore the Queen here passed. Hates the Council more then most."

"I've met Aveline. She used to come visit regularly." Volencia frowned, staring down into her lap, tears blossoming on her cheeks. "But I still can't let Damion go."

"Aye. She told me. She was young then, but had no desire to be told by men what she could do and couldn. One of the reasons she married me, I let the wench walk all over me and do whatever she asks." He laughed again before becoming serious. "She'll hate herself if'n she harms ye, Princess. But she may na have the option. I hate ta say it, but it may be best ifn ye didn go. Then they wouldna be able to get their claws inta ye at all. At least the rebellion would stay standin'."

Damion drank at his mead, thoughts churning in his mind. "I don't think I have the choice, no matter how the Princess feels about it. I have things I need to do and know." The dwarf only nodded, not asking a word about what those things were. "I have to be there tomorrow." 

Volencia's hands slipped away from his shoulders. Though Damion wasn't looking at her, he could feel her turn away sobbing. His heart hammered in his chest. As he turned to look at her, she slumped down into her chair, her shoulders shaking. 

"I came ta tell ye ta stay away, because my wife will kill ye tomorrow if'n ye show. It'll break me heart if that happens, and I certainly hope I ain't got to watch it. But I will nay interfere. Not at the risk of me wife or me life." Cala frowned, and the servants came in, quickly disposing the trays of food on the table and disappearing back outside. 

"Then I will convince them I'm siding with them." He watched her over his shoulder, slump even more, her sobs becoming louder. "I can't possibly pass up this one chance I have to meet the others. If Thambair is going to stand a chance after the Armistice is over, then we need to find others who will fight with us." Half turning toward her, Damion's hand soothed her knee. "I'm sorry, but you have to understand-" 

Slapping his hand away, she stood. Storming toward the bar where she poured a large glass of wine. 

"Volencia" He stood, rounding the table toward her, attempting to take the glass from her hand. She pushed him, drinking the contents of the glass back in one quick swallow. His eyes flashed angrily. If it wouldn't have hurt and insulted her, he would have pulled the cup away even as she drank. All he could do was watch and beg. "Please stop." 

Slamming the bottle on the bar, she poked his chest. "But you can guzzle whatever you want and say you're going on a suicide mission and for what? Hopes of a treaty that likely won't happen anyway? The Chiaro were barely in the rebellion to begin with, and I've met Gareth. He's a spoiled rotten child and a snake. I got to meet him when his bulbous, sexist uncle came to tell my father they wouldn't be supporting us any longer. And tried to paw at me like some concubine." 

"How long ago was that? And this isn't about him" Damion snatched the bottle away as her fingers groped for it. "Besides, if you continue this," he held the bottle up out of her reach as she tried to snatch it back, "I'm not the one you're hurting." 

"Funny, because if you die tomorrow, which Cala just confirmed is the whole goal of this stupid meeting, you may as well be killing me too." She pushed him with both hands as hard as she could. He took two steps back, more from the shock of her words than being pushed. "At least let me get drunk enough not to care! Just. Like. You." She snatched the whiskey, pressing the decanter between her breasts. Tears streaming down to stain the green silk of her gown. 

"Don't you dare." He growled at her. 

Gregron started to move toward them, but Venron grabbed his arm, shaking his head. Cala's eyes were wide, watching the scene unfold. 

"NO!" Volencia pulled the stopper, throwing it at him. He barely ducked to the side in time to keep it from smacking him in the forehead. "Don't. You. Dare!" She screamed. "If you do this, we're as good as dead too. So, what does it matter any-" her eyes narrowed and the whiskey fell to the floor. The decator shattering as both her hands flew to her mouth. 

Damion's eyes softed and he grabbed a waste bucket nearby. "Are you going to?" She nodded, her shoulders pitching forward as she tried to contain her heaving. He went to her, holding the bucket out with one hand, the other taming her black tresses to the side. Once she was done, he handed her the basket and bent to lift her against his chest. "Excuse us." He said to the room at large as he moved lithly to the balancony. The door was still broken where he'd gone threw it a few days before, so he stepped out into the cooling air. 

Venron folded his hands in front of him on the table, watching the dwarf over the table. "I sincerely hope this doesn't end up in a report you bring back to them." 

Cala sat back, smiling. "There is no report. If they knew I was here tonight, the'd likely kill me. I wasn't lying when I said I was here of my own accord and not theirs. I hope yer lovely little daughter can convince him not to come. As I said, I don't wanna see him die." Cala poured another glass, smiling as Venron pushed his toward him. Gregron pushed a third, pushing it toward the dwarf. "When I first came, I had me doubts. But yer girl is a firey as her mum, if not more. And that boy? I like him. And I don't like many of ya long ears, but he's somethin' special." 

The King smiled, "Very. If anyone will help lead us to our goals in the future, Damion is it." 

***

Gregron's head whipped up, starting at the king. His brow furrowed. Not because he didn't believe the words, but because memories rushed him. Venron, showing up and demanding they not kill the child. Only to show again to save him as Brambee gave birth in the middle of a dark forest surrounded by beasts. His gaze fell on the balcony where he could see Damion kneeling before Volencia, taking the bin from her and setting it aside. The young elf watched the Princess with worried eyes, before placing his head in her lap and she started to caress his hair. 

"Any how, it's time fer me ta leave. If'n ye care fer that boy, tell him nae ta come tomorrow." Cala got up, walking toward the door.

Gregron stood, walking with him. "Let me see you to the tower." 

"Thank ye." Cala nodded. The stoic Gregron had never been his favorite elf. "There's quite a resemblance between ye and the boy." 

Gregron shrugged, "We're both from the Hive. Many of our folk look much alike." 

"Ye two did nae come here together? Ye showed up about the same time he'da been born." Cala put two and two together.

"Yes. I was his mother's protector before she passed while giving birth to him. She wanted to run away from her family for certain reasons. In the end, I loved her enough to follow." 

"Aye, a new hope is born. Are they strong enough ta do what must be done though is the question?"

"Yes, they are." Gregron nodded, not missing the smirk on the dwarf's face. 

"I promise, no one will even know I was here. But my wife is part of that plan. Just because she wants no part of it, doesn't mean she won't do what they say she must."  

"I believe you. We will do our best to make sure he doesn't come." Cala's head barely came up over Gregron's hip. "Though, he's pig headed enough to try still." 

They walked the rest of the way to the tower in silence and Gregron opened the door for him. "Remember what I told you." Cala pointed at him before dipping into the silver surface of the mirror that would take him the Adelzeg. 

###chapter Sixty-three
Rubbing his eyes, Damion rose from the bed, trying to make sure he didn't rouse Volencia. The night before, she begged him not to go. She wanted him home to be with her worried he wouldn't come home. He convinced her he had the armistice on his side and they couldn't touch him. He hadn't planned on going, not after her crisis with the baby. However, after learning what he knew now, how could he not?

Gareth. He was forced to take his Uncle's place, after Damion killed him in in battle. The only reason they kept him under control now was because they had his pregnant wife. Damion would kill everything in his path if it were him. The thought of what he would do if it were his daughter? Like the Chirobi? What would he do then? The whole world would burn before he watched anyone use Volencia or their daughter like that. He was ready to murder any of them tomorrow to save those women. How could Volencia even consider a different option?

Shaking the thoughts from his mind, he went to find Gregron. He was relaxing back in Rosencia's study. A place he often went to when in need of peace and quiet. "What are you doing here?" Gregron asked, swirling his cup. Damion had not once seen him drink, and that was at least the second cup he'd had today. "You need to sleep." 

Damion nodded, pouring a cup at the bar before sitting beside the Captain. "Volencia was in a panic. So, I waited until she fell asleep to come find you. I was worried you would be too by now." 

Gregron shrugged, "Normally I would be. But something told me you wanted to talk." He watched Damion settle into the chair. Leaning his head back and stretching out his long legs. "You've really brought this castle back to life since you've shown up. The stress of it all is starting to show on you though. Make sure you take of yourself too." 

Damion chuckled, taking a deep drink. "Your princess definitely keeps me on my toes. And the last moon has been anything but relaxing. Tonight, I thought Volencia might kill me herself."

Gregron chuckled, "You worried me yourself. When she grabbed the whiskey and flung the stopper at you, the anger that flared on your face was terrifying." 

His head lolling to the side, Damion studied Gregron. "I hope you know I would never hurt her. But after being terrified for her health for days, to see her be so neglangent with herself and the baby, I did get angry. That doesn't change the fact that I love her and only want what's best for her." He sat up, drinking down his glass. 

"I'm empty too." Gregron took the cup, "What are you having?" 

"Water." Damion smirked as the Captain sniffed the glass in surprise. "Anyway, I came to find you because I was hoping I may be able to convince you to come with me. I think I've come up with a plan to save the wife and daughter of the other council members, at least." 

"You think a rescue mission will give you the ammunition you need to convince them to fight with you?" 

"With us. Let me explain" Damion started, sitting back. The two elves talked over the plan for a good part of the night. 

Gregron shook his head eventually, "Do you really think this is going to work? There is an awful lot of guess work at play." 

"I know. That's why as soon as we realize we've failed, we have to get out of Belodia at all cost. We need to go in with the expectation, this is the most likely outcome." Both Damion and Gregron's ears twitched, and both sat up straighter, listening. 

"She's calling you." Gregron said, jumping to his feet. It was faint, far off cry, carrying down the marble halls. 

Damion ran for the door, calling behind him, "No, she's screaming." Doors opened as Damion thundered through the halls, lamps poking out from them as he lept toward the stairs taking them four at a time. Volencia's screams becoming louder and more desperate. Folk were starting to crowd into the halls, and Damion had to push his way through. Gregron was on his heals, and called out, "Everyone out of the way." 

Venron was stumbling out of his chambers as Damion and Gregron turned the corner. She was leaning heavily against the wall, her eyes looked up at him wildly. "Damion." She sobbed. As he reached her, she fell into his arms, crying. "There was something on the balcony. You weren't there I was just I just" 

Damion's gaze shifted to Gregron, who nodded, heading into the room. Venron followed. Damion held her, pulling her against him. "What was it?" He asked softly, trying to calm her. 

"I I th-think it was a dragon. At first all I could see was a little bit of movement, and twinkling color. But when I got out of bed to look, I saw its blue eyes in the darkness. It was huge. But it was like I could only see pieces of it." He rubbed her back, kissing the top of her head. 

"I'm so sorry." He watched the door, waiting for the others to come back out. "I was talking with Gregron about tomorrow. I thought you would be safe. I didn't know. I'm so sorry." 

Gregron stormed out, his eyes hard. "The beast is gone, but come, take a look at this." Sliding the balacony door open, Damion followed him out, Volencia clinging to the back of his shirt. His senses were heightened, he listened for anything that would suggest they were coming back. Though the beast had been standing at her door, it was his that had been marked. The same ruine that he used when calling up the void. His brows furrowed as his hand hovered over the large claw marks in the stone before his balcony door. "Do you have any idea what this means?" Gregron asked, looking back at Venron, who's eyes were glossed over.

"Perhaps they are trying to tell us something?" Damion looked at the ruine. "I don't believe they mean us harm, otherwise they wouldn't have been standing there, watching Volencia. They would have attacked if that's what they wanted." 

"Or they're figuring out a plan. Maybe they wanted to catch you both unawares, and didn't do anything because you weren't in the room." Gregron offered, which sent chills up Damion's spine. It was a possibility. 

Damion's jaw tightened. "I think we should find a spare room for the night, preferably one that does not have a balcony or large windows." His mind searched for them, wanting answers now, but they were not here, or they were hiding from him. If they really wanted to communicate, why wouldn't they have stayed? Was it because of her terrified reaction? Why were they coming now? His brow drew down, contemplating the ruine etched into the stone. They weren't necessarily after Volencia. She had nothing to do with the void, so this message was for him alone. He just wasn't sure what it meant. 

"The only room you'll find like that will be in the servants' quarters." Gregon frowned. "And the two of you shouldn't be seen down there, particularly together, unless we want to start some petty rumours. Not to mention, if they sold the information to the wrong folk" Gregron left the rest unsaid. 

"We could stay in our rooms still. Perhaps they will come back, and we will learn what they want." He wasn't a fan of being caught asleep by dragons. Not without knowing whether they were friend or foe. "Either way, standing out here isn't going to help us tonight, or do us any good tomorrow." He wrapped an arm around his shivering fiancé. "We have a long day ahead of us." 

"I don't want to sleep in here." Volencia clung to him. 

"Okay, we'll go down to the study. I'll take a chair and you can have the couch. At least it will look like we just fell asleep in there and will likely not start any rumors." He pulled her inside. Kissing her temple. Gregron and Venron said their good nights there, as both went into Venron's room. He guessed Gregron was going to try to talk out the plan with Venron. Though they both needed to get some damnable sleep. He was already going to be dead on his feet. 

Once they were in the study, Volencia pushed him down onto the large sofa and curled up next to him. There wasn't really enough room for both of them there, but he didn't mind that she spent most of the night on top of him. Either way, he didn't sleep well. By the time Gregron came downstairs to rouse him, he felt like he had just relaxed into his rest. Volencia pulled him from his sleep, with gentle kisses. 

"I wanted to run through the plan one more time before it's time to leave. We should eat as well." Gregron started checking things off on his fingers. More invested in the conversation now that he'd had time to mull it over for a while. Volencia gasped as she heard the plan, noticing the formidable and angry glare that ran over Damion's usually jovial visage. The very idea of what he would be doing and putting himself through terrified her. 

"You can't be searious." She said breathlessly. 

"Very serious." Damion nodded. Though he was clearly not excited about the plan and had many of his own issues with it. "I need them to be fully convincing. I can't take any chances, and I feel like we already know that has been a main interest of his." 

"What if you can't" Dark eyes settled on her visage. 

Shrugging, he said, "I'll just have to do my best."

###chapter Sixty-four
"I have something for you too." His lips pressed into a thin line, as he pulled a white leather pouch from his pocket. Opening it, he dumped out a treasure trove of beautiful jewelry. All were coursbine, that same purple/blue as his sword. All charged with magic already. "But first, lets talk about these." He held up a necklace that had a hundred little beads of coursebine strung through the silver chain, there was a bracelette that matched, and then a belt also. Her fingers slid over them, her eyes meeting his. 

"These are amazing. Are they also treasures from the Temple?" 

"Yes. This set belonged to Ephira herself. It is only fitting that you would have them." He took the bracelet in hand. "You will use these to create a sphere of protection around the baby. Lay back." She did as she was told, and he set the bracelette on her lower belly where he'd held his hand the day before. "They're recharging, so they can be used once a day for the next few years if need be, though you won't need them for this purpose that long. Then, you'll take these," he lifted the necklace and belt in his hand held them up, "Only one per day. There are a total of 235 days here. If you hold off to every other day, or every third day, for the first month or two, you'll have plenty to get you through. These will pull the nihility magic from you into them. If they fill up too soon, or as the baby gets bigger you may find you need more than one, don't panic. I have instructions here," he set down a sealed envelope on her belly too, "on how you can get the nihility magic from the beads to the sword. Don't use the sword on yourself though its pulling ability is going to be much stronger than the beads. So, unless the beads aren't holdin up, you do not want to use the sword itself. It could be dangerous."

"When did you find the time to do all this?" 

Gregron gave her a sheepish smile. "He worked on it last night while we went over the plan. This is for worst case scenario of neither of us coming back. If only I do, I'll be able to assist with this whole thing. Damion explained it all to me already. Not that either of us are planning on not coming back." He smiled at her, looking much more confident than he felt, she was certain. 

"Right. You'll never even have to use them." Damion finally gave her that melting smile of his. A lone dimple playing in his hard features. He gathered up all the jewelry he'd been talking about, putting them back in the pouch and tied it around her wrist. "Make sure to put them somewhere safe. And I would avoid wearing them around where folk could see them. I hate to think what some would do to get their hands on that kind of magic."

"Not to mention working coursebine. Folk spend obscene amounts just to have dead coursebine." Her eyes were wide as he held out two, much larger stones. These were red coursebine. One was placed in a simple pendant, but the stone was as long as her middle finger, and as wide as three. The second was set in a ring, which would hide the entire last knuckle of her hand. 

"These are for us." His hand moved closer to her. "Which one would you prefer?" His eyes were steady on her face. 

"I already have a pendant, which I have no desire to take off, so I'll take the ring. Though, you're not expecting me to wear it are you?" She asked. 

"Just for now." He smiled, though it wasn't a fully confident smile. "Gregron, if you could please excuse us." The Captain nodded, leaving the room. "There's something I would like to try with you if you're up for it. We have a little time before we have to go." He said, slipping the ring on her finger before clasping the pendant around his neck. 

His fingers slid over his neck, and Volencia gasped, sitting up. "I can feel that." Her hand went to her lips and his eyes darkened with desire. As he leaned over, kissing where her fingers just touched, they both moaned into each other. He pulled her over, so that she was straddling his lap. As he moved her hips, she cried out. "Is that what it feels like for you?" 

He grinned at her, "Yes. Just wait, it gets even better." He nuzzled his face into her neck. She practically melted under his hand, being able to feel what he was feeling was driving her mad. She couldn't get his shirt off fast enough, raking her nails against his skin until he growled at her. He pulled at her dress as she worked at his belt. His hands were moving very slowly compared to how he usually touched her. 

"Are you okay?" She asked. 

Nodding, he leaned over, suckling on one of her nipples. Both of them shuttered together. Raising her up with one arm, he reached below to pull himself free from his pants. Experimentally, she reached down, touching gliding her fingers over the spot near his hips she knew he loved. It was slightly ticklish, and very sensitive. She wished she had a spot that felt as amazing as this did for him. "You always have such a strong reaction when I touch you here I've always wondered what it felt like for you." 

"This is what I'm curious about" he slid her body closer to his, pressing the head of his shaft between her lips. They clung to each other, already breathing heavy. As she wiggled against him, he held her hips still. "Careful this is amazing, but I'm not going to last long like this." 

She smiled up at him, "We definitely need to do this before that happens." She slowly curled her fingers around him, adjusting so that he was at her opening. She moved slowly at his request at first. She could feel his heart nearly beating out of his chest, his mouth closing around her shoulder, they both inhailed deeply as he bit down gently, growling. Whenever he growled like that, it drove her crazy.

Moving her hand out of the way, she raised herself up so that he almost fell out. Growling again, he shook under her. She loved that he could barely contain himself. Being able to feel what it was like inside herself was amazing, but it was clearly affecting him more than her. Pressing against him, she pushed herself down, shoving him inside her as forcefully as she could. It was such a shock to them both, he actually bit her to the point of bleeding. His hips arched, and he threw his head back. They both screamed as they orgasmed. She collapsed against him, as he clung to her still gasping for air. 

Once her body had stopped spasming, she looked up at him sheepishly. "That was amazing." She kissed his lips. 

"It was. I'm so sorry though" his fingers caressed where he bit her. 

"Leave it," she smiled, "It doesn't even hurt, it'll be my badge. Proof I can handle every part of you." She giggled. "Every time we're together, it just gets better." 

"I seriously thought I was going to explode." He pulled the pendant off, dropping it on the table beside him. "That can't possibly be safe." He chuckled. 

"Coursebine is already highly desirable, if folk knew you could do this with it I'd constantly be fighting them off." She laughed, running her hands through his hair. Closing his eyes, he enjoyed her adoration. "You look exhausted." 

"You exhaust me." He chuckled as she trailed kisses over his face, neck, and shoulders. "I need to start getting ready though." He opened an eye, looking toward the window. "The gretemp is rising." He yawned, stretching beneath her, his thumb rubbing where he bit her.

"All the more reason for me not to move." She nibbled his lip. 

He snorted but didn't argue. He wanted to stay here. There was nothing he wanted to do less than go on this mission. But go he would. Gently kissing where he bit her, he asked, "Are you sure you don't want me to heal that?" 

"No." She pulled away, cleaining herself off and stepping into her dress. "It'll be my reminder of you when you decide you like him better." She said flippantly. 

Throwing his head head back, he laughed. "Are you kidding me? There's no one in the world who could make me feel like you do." He stood, pulling her against him, the blue rays of Amaris twinkling across the ornate rugs and stone floors, lighting the soft white of her nightgown.  

Closing her eyes, she leaned into his embrace with a sigh. "You've never been with anyone else, so there's no way for you to know that. And who knows, you may decide you want to stay there. I'm afraid you won't come back." 

"That," he squeezed her tight, "will never happen. And I don't need to be with anyone to know what you do to me." He let her go, lacing her dress before worrying about his own clothing. "You don't really believe I would abandon you, do you?" There was hurt in his voice. As she turned in his arms, he looked away from her, not meeting her eye.

"No. Not really. I am afraid though. I don't think you realize how far they'll go." She wrapped her arms around herself, watching as he pulled his shirt over his head. 

"You're not giving me enough credit for how far I'll go to make this work." He reached for her, but she spun away from him. 

"That's where you're wrong. I'm terrified because I know you'll stop at nothing to try and save those women. Once you're there, it'll become all or nothing. You won't stop at those three either. He's going to have a room full of concubines and you're going to try to save them all. Even if it costs you your life." Her blue eyes were hard as she looked at him, pulling a blanket over her shoulder from the sudden chill. "I hate that you're going, but I understand where you're coming from. If I was there, I'd pray every day for someone to come for me. And especially with this plan of yours, you must understand that it hurts. If it was me going in there, to do what you're planning-" 

"I wouldn't let you go." He at least had the decency to look ashamed. Stuffing his hands into his pockets. 

"Exactly." Closing the space between them, she took his hands in hers. "It doesn't mean I don't trust you. I just love you. And I want you to be around for the rest of my life. I want our baby to know you as their father. And I'm scared that something will happen to you. That they'll make sure you don't come home to me." She felt tears stinging her eyes, but didn't bother to wipe them away. He needed to know how she felt, hoping it would help ensure he come back to her. 

Lifting her hand to his lips, he kissed each of her knuckles. "I know. I'm sorry." 

She nodded, "It wouldn't be like you to not go though. Every fiber of you believes this is the right course. For more than just a single reason, no less." Her other hand caressed his cheek. "You're lucky I trust you as much as I do, Damion." She said with a sad smile. 

There were tears in his own eyes when he finally met her gaze. "Thank you, Volencia." He didn't often use her full name, but when he did, it always quickened her heart and lit a little fire in her belly. 


###chapter Sixty-five
Together, they walked to the throne room, hand in hand. The King and Gregron were alone, standing near a narrow window. They were embraced in a tight hug as the couple entered. "See, I'm not the only one worried." She elbowed Damion in the side, with a tinkling laugh.

Shaking his head, Damion watched as the two jumped, parting. The King's visage was unreadable. After all his years of not being able to have emotion, he was a natural at keeping it hidden. Gregron however, had a small blossom of red high on his cheeks and his boots had suddenly become way too interesting. 

 "It's time then, huh?" Gregron asked, touching the sword at his side. 

"It is." Damion nodded. He'd only been in the throne room once before, and that had been an accident. The entire room glowed with the light from the stained-glass windows. Each one a compliment to the Goddess Ephira. From her walking amoung war riddled lands and healing her folk, to resting in her beloved's arms. A tree that looked much like his chartis tree at home graced the only round window in the room, sitting massively above the two thrones. He swallowed hard, one day he would be expected to sit in that throne. Trees and flowers bloomed across the edges of the room, filling it with warmth. Yet, above them, weapons of all kind graced the walls, bring a cold hard declaration of the world they lived in now. 

Damion unbuckled his belt, slipping off the coursebine sword he carried almost everywhere. "Keep it safe until I return." He gave Volencia a half-cocked smile.

It took two hands for her to hold it. It was heavier than he made it look. "I will." She stood on her toes, kissing him. "Just make sure you come back for it."

Hating that he felt like they were saying good-bye. "The sword in hardly the most important thing I'm coming back for." 

"All right," Gregron announced, his stoic manner back full force. "If we're going to do this, now's the time." 

Venron lead the way to the door in the back corner of the throne room. It was large, three folk could step though it at once. A number of large bolts and locks and three massive bars kept it sealed from this side. Usually, when no one was planning on using the door one lone guard stood at attention. Just in case someone, like Cala the night before, came for entrance to the kingdom. None stood there now, which meant Venron had sent him away.

"I've been dying to see one of the towers from Toran's Chronicles." Damion said, excitement hitching in his voice.

"I don't blame you, my boy. They are the greatest creations ever made by mortals. I can't imagine the time and effort that went into creating them." Venron agreed, his keys jingling as he worked the locks. 

Damion helped pull down the large bars, as Venron made quick work of the locks and bolts. To see this room had Damion's hairs standing on end. Toran, the creator of the towers, had been one of Damion's favorite heros. A common boy, who loved a common girl, had created the mirrors. The story was tragic and they were traditional star-crossed lovers. Damion knew the story well, even better than the creation story. 

As the un-oiled hinges creaked, however, he was taken aback. The overwhelming stench of death and decay left his mind reeling. He took a number of steps back. Covering his nose and mouth. The stern and formidable look on Volencia's face told him she smelled it too. Though Gregron and Venron looked unaffected. At least until Gregron spoke. "This place does crazy things to my magic." He looked pointedly at Damion. "Either it boils, or it freezes. Todays a good day. It's freezing." His eyes locked on Damion's. He shrugged, "Which is better than the boiling."

The tower was the tallest building in all of Thambair. It stood tall against even the palace by a number of stories. A spiral staircase rounded the cylendrical walls and with each level, three mirrors glowed, silver swirling in all different directions. Each mirror was flanked by large intricately etched pillars, an arching frieze told a story about the land the mirror would bring them to. Damion knew from reading the stories, that the pillars were mined from the local areas too. Thambair for instance was known for its marble mines up north, and the pillars and frieze were carved from the marble there. Damion felt his body heave, but he held back what was in his stomach. 

"I hate this place." Volencia scowled around the room.

"Why does it smell like blood?" Damion asked, looking at the others.

"It always smells like this." Volencia's face paled a little, and she scurried out of the room. He could hear her vomiting. His immediate response was to follow, but Venron grabbed his arm. 

"She'll be fine. This room has always bothered her. She also says she smells blood. Has since she was a child. We always thought it was her imagination running wild." Venron interceded. 

Damion glared at the room, it was almost dizzying to look up at how tall the place was, the stairwell running all the way up the 24 levels, 3 mirrors to each portion. "Your eyes are going black. Are you okay?" Volencia said, having come to stand beside him. 

"This is the only way we're getting to that meeting today." Gregron said, watching him. "Trust me, it's not going to break my heart if you decide that you want to back out now." 

"They're just mirrors." Venron said, shrugging. "I'm not sure what everyone is so up in arms for. This will be the least of your worries today." 

Damion's eyes caught the King's. The fear she saw there was real and true. But he was right. This would be the first of many obsticals he would have to shuffle thorugh today. Venron lead the way, coaxing first Gregron, then her, into the tower. "Don't be afraid of mirrors, child." Venron announced. "They won't show you anything a regular mirror will show you. It's quick and easy passage. It will get you where you need to be." 

As he stepped into the tower, Damion's senses ran wild. Every fiber in his body screamed at him to leave this place. The darkness in him was scratching at his insides, also wanting to come out. When Volencia reached out to touch his arm, he jumped. "Are you okay?" 

###chapter Sixty-six
Not wanting to scare her any more than he already was, he nodded, knowing his voice would be rough right now. He followed Venron to the curling stairs, watching the first mirror on their ground level like it would jump off the wall. The pillars on this mirror were gold, ringed in intricate spell ruins and with herds of folk etched on the left-hand side, while the university that was there was depicted on the right. As Damion stepped up to the mirror, the swirling vortex quickened. At first it had looked like a still lake, but the closer he got to it, the more it looked like an ocean raging in a storm. 

His body was rigid as he held out his arm to the surface of the mirror. It responded. The silver liquid stretched and slurped toward him, tendrils of it started to wrap around his fingers. "Father" Volencia pointed, "It looks like it wants to swallow him whole."

"I've never seen anything like it before." Venron got closer, sticking his own finger into the liquid. 

"Where does this one lead?" As expected, his voice was deeper and hoarse. He felt her pulling at his shirt as she got closer. 

"Lalolia. It's the home mirror that connects everything. If this one was to be destroyed, the entire tower would stop working. I've never seen it react to anyone like this before. At some point I'm going to get Charlabisis here, he may be able to shed some light on why it's doing that." Venron actually looked more concerned now. "It must be because of your magic types. You are the only one I've ever met with both. It doesn't react like that to Gregron either. This place really puts you on edge does it make you feel like when you touched the card Claven gave you?" 

"Not exactly." Damion frowned, pulling his hand away from the silvery vortex. He couldn't exactly explain in detail how he felt, since none of them could understand the fear it caused, or the danger that it innotated. He could see the questions in Venron's face, but he still wasn't going to go into detail.

The next mirror was nearly as bad as the first. Which had Venron acting even more suspicious. Though he didn't hold his hand out to it, the calm silver raged as he walked by. "That is interesting. That mirror won't let anyone we've ever heard of through. It's driven Char mad at times. Though there are others, knowing that it's the first mirror on the platform, and the only one that isn't at the top of the tower, has left more questions than it's answered. If you weren't already busy with other things, I'd ask to see if you could make it through there." 

"I'm not sure that would be wise. I'm not completely interested in trying my hand at using the mirrors anymore. Especially one where we have to idea where it leads." The frieze above the door showed a valley near the sea. The pillars showed nothing but two phoenixes singing, one pillar was painted blue, the other red. Damion felt his magic start to boil as he walked by. Like his body needed to go there else be burned up with the intense desire. 

"I've always hated that one the most. It makes me feel like the world is completely wrong. That life is just a lie." Damion turned back to look at her. His eyes dipped to her heaving chest where a glow imminated through her gown. Hooking the chain of the pendant she wore, he slowly pulled it out, to reveal it glowing again. "Have you ever tried to go through the mirror?" 

"No. I've never used a mirror without either of my parents pulling me through. Quiet unwillingly." 

Damion warred with himself. The sudden urge to pull her through the mirror screamed at him. He tried to force his feet forward, and staggered. Swallowing hard, Gregron called out, "Come on, we're going to be late if you don't move." Shaking his head, he was able to bring his senses back, and started up the steps once again. At least heading up the rest of the way, he didn't feel like the mirror was going to reach out and grab him, or worse, run away into some unknown place. Though the further up he went, the darker the shadows grew as he passed these still and steady mirrors. Toran was one of the few folk in the world who had been rumored to have both magics. There was mention of it being a possibility, though in the actual accounts, there was no confirmation of it. 

"Come along now, this is it." Gregron stopped in front of the middle mirror on the nineth landing. It was made of red stone, glass, and inside the glass cases were filled with sand. It was underwhelming compared to some of the others. "Are we ready?" 

The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Half an hour ago, he'd been sure he was ready. Now he wasn't so sure. Gregron shook hands with Venron, "Make sure you both come back safe." 

A tug at his shirt brought his attention around to look down at Volencia who was down a step, so she was eye level with his navel, her head crooked back to look up at him. He chuckled, taking her hand and stepping down as he pulled her up, bringing her eye level. "Be safe. I love you. Make sure you come home to me, you hear?" 

"Yes, my love. I have every intention of coming home to you. Take care of yourself too." He pulled the pendant from his pocket and wrapped it into his hair where it would be hidden from view. He didn't want anyone to know he had live coursebine if he could help it. He definitely didn't want them to know he couls use it. "You'll have a pretty good indea of what's going on too. If it goes south though, make sure you take that thing off." 

Her arms snaked around his shoulders as she leaned into him. She kissed his forehead, his cheeks, nose, and lips. "We've got his, love. It won't go south." 

Smiling, he pulled her arms off his shoulders and kissed each palm. "It's time. I love you, Volencia." 

"I love you, too, Damion." There were tears in her eyes as he stepped past her, up the steps. 

Shackles raised, he nodded to Gregron, then took one slow step and another until he was walking through the mirror. 


***

**If you're enjoying the story so far, please leave a comment, like the ###chapter, or share it with others. Also, would love to see you on my author page, come find me on FB at #AuthorJustineHedman. <3**
###chapter Sixty-seven
Walking into the swirling silver vortex felt like trying to wade through thick mud. Afraid to breathe, Damion held his breath. There was a light before him, shining through what looked like an open door. Likely the mirror he was supposed to walk toward. Other doorways lined up on each side. No matter if he looked left or right, the doorways seemed to go on for an eternity, just waiting for someone to step through. Though the current seemed to want to pull him to his left. He wondered if it was the entry way to Lalolia that beconed him even now. 

You've finally come. The words sent a shiver down his spine. It was as if his own voice rang in his head, they were not his own thoughts though. Find me in the void. Before you look for him. They will never tell you the truth. 

Forgetting his fear of swallowing the dense, churning liquid, Damion opened his mouth, "Who are you?" 

Find me. I am you.

Before he could say another word, he felt someone run into him, and hands pushed at his back. Next he knew, he was stepping through the other side of the mirror. They were in a tower that was nearly identical to the one they'd left. However, they were on the second landing this time. Damion took in a deep breath, his hands shaking. The first two mirrors churning wildly as he stepped through the dense liquid. He could feel Gregron pushing him through as the churning mirrored liquid held him back. Like the mirror didn't want him to leave.

"What the hell was that?" He heard Gregron say in exacerbation when they finally broke through. "Normally we step in one side and out the other. It was like we were standing in a fog." Gregron leaned against the wall, pushing a hand nervously through his hair, "Then it was like it wanted to keep you there. I've used the mirrors a hundred times, and never experienced anything like that."  

Damion dropped to the stairs, sitting hard. His knees felt week. The voice resounding in his head. I am you. Like hell! He didn't belong to them. But who would never tell him the truth? Gregron was now kneeling in front of him, but his mind wouldn't focus. He just kept hearing the voice in his head over and over. His magic felt like it was out of control, and his emotions were overwhelming. Gregron wrapped his arms around Damion, pulling him to his feet. "Come on, let's get you out of here." 

Unlike Thambair, the tower had no need to be locked, since it wasn't even inside the city. He inhailed deeply, coughing. The air here was warm and dry, much different than Thambair. Belodia was surrounded by sand and towering red pillar rocks all around them. Grateful there was no one here to watch him struggling, Damion slid down the stone wall of the tower, and put his head between his legs. He needed to get control of himself. It took Damion a few minutes to calm himself but being outside was making it better.

"I've never seen anything like that." Gregron paced before where Damion sat. "The whole mirror just opened up, is that what it's like when you use the void too?" 

"I've only ever entered the void once, and that was by accident. It was similar from what I remember, but not necessarily the same. The void is nothingness, this was something. The smell, the feel, it was like being in a pool full of mud and blood. Could you hear the voice?" 

"No, I didn't. I did hear you ask, 'who are you'. But that was it. What did they say?" Gregron said, worrying. 

Damion sighed, getting to his feet. Telling Gregron what he heard as they started toward the city. Surprised that the tower was so far off from the hub of Belodia, it was quite a hike to get there. Unlike Thambair with the main city contained within it's large walls, here, everything was open. At first there was just a splattering of tents and small ramshackle homes set up over the rolling dunes. The closer they got to the city the closer the tents and small buildings got. Everyone here on the outskirts of the city lived in squalor. The few folk they saw wore rags and looked to be starving. Their heads turning to watch Damion and Gregron walked through the throng. 

Of course, Thambair had folk who were poor too, but it was nothing like this. At least not that Damion knew of. 

A carriage came tumbling through the tents. The folk in the streets ran out of the way, and Damion had to guess that if they hadn't been fast enough, they likely would have been trampled. The carriage slowed the closer it got to the travelers. The footman at the back jumped down, opening the doors and the folk around them all fell to their knees. 

Claven smiled from within, half raised off his seat. The carriage was ornately detailed, the wood was a rich black color with golden details. "Well, I have to admit, I wasn't actually expecting you to show up today. A pleasant surprise if I do say so. I would have had a carriage ready to pick you up at the towers had I known for sure." 

	"Your kindness is appreciated." Damion bowed, Gregon following suite. 

	"Well, get in here and let's go. Food's already served." Claven waived at them. The elves climbed in, sitting across from the prince. Gregron sat ramrod straight, looking as uncomfortable as ever, while Damion lazed back. His arm drapped the seat partitially behind Gregron, letting his long legs stretch out before him as much as he could. There was no hiding the long appreciative glance as Claven's eyes raked him from head to toe. "You really are a magnificent specimen." 

	Damion nodded slowly. It hadn't occurred to him until that moment, that Claven's interest could possibly be nothing more than a scare tactic. He couldn't imagine anyone being this openly interested all the time. 

	Throwing his hand to the side, Claven smiled warmly. "I admit, I'm surprised you decided to come. I honestly thought that you wouldn't. You should've let me know." 

	"My apologies. A lot has come up recently, and I wasn't sure if I would be able to. I didn't want to show up after telling you I wouldn't be here, and I didn't want to tell you I would come if I couldn't. So, I thought that leaving the invitation open was the best bet. I didn't want you to think I was standing you up. I'm not completely up and up on how you royals prefer we do things, and lets be honest, the Princess wasn't exactly being the most helpful. If she had her way, I never would have made it." Damion tucked a finger between his neck and collar, pulling at it uncomfortably. "Though, now that you have us here, what do you plan on doing with us?" Damion wanted to undo the top button. He hated button shirts to begin with, and why elves felt the need to be so formal and where collars halfway up their neck was ludicrous to him. Especially when they knew they were coming someplace as hot as this. He was glad however, that he hadn't let Gregron convince him to wear his uniform. Gregron looked uncomfortable in it, and it would have been much worse for Damion. He'd already realized that he would prefer to be shirtless any day, like he usually was back in Samanthia. 

	Claven sat forward, wearing a smirk. "Before we get into what my goals are, you don't like formal wear, do you?" 

	"It's stuffy, tight, and overbearing. I hate it." His eyes flashed at Gregron. "Everyone insisted that I had to look presentable." 

	With a chuckle, Claven dropped to his knees on the floor of the carriage and crawled over to Damion's legs, pulled them apart and eased himself between his knees. "Well, there's no need to stand on cerimonies here." Damion watched Claven with curriousity as his hands reached up. Slowly, his fingers undid the top button, then the next. Working his way down to the middle of Damion's chest, smoothing the fabric open with his hands. "Your comfort and enjoyment are my ultimate goals. For today at least." He sat back on his haunches, licking his lips as he took in Damion's bared chest. 

	Gregron cleared his throat uncomfortably, breaking whatever spell Claven had been under as he moved back to his own seat across from them. "So, enlighten me then, what are your goals for me beyong today?" Damion pressed a hand through his hair, forgetting he'd already pulled it back and hidden the amulet there. He was suddenly aware, it was likely not a great hiding place. 

###chapter Sixty-eight
"Personally, or politically?" Claven shot back. "And before I answer, my question for you is, why did you bring this grump instead of your precious Princess?" 

"We'll start with politically and move onto personally later." Damion gave him a look that he hoped told of what he expected for those, personal goals. "And Gregon was chosen because he's my guardian. He brought my pregnant mother as far as he could to help protect me. We ended up near Samanthia. I was unaware of him for most of my life. The Samanthians kicked him out of the village and sent him away. He's been waiting for my return all this time. He connected himself with the King because he was the only one who knew how to find Samanthia again if he needed to find me. If he hand't climbed their ranks as he did, King Venron would hardly have accepted me." 

Claven raised his brows at the stoic Gregon who smiled at the praise. "Him? Angry, moody Gregron who everyone despises and fears?" The blonde elf pointed, his violet gaze narrowing. "I don't believe it." 

"Damion was our Prince." Gregron sat up, his features red with rage. "The first son of my beloved Brambee and epicenter of a terrifying, and wonderful, prophecy of our folk. Though, sadly he isn't my own son. I have devoted my life to him. Venron was the only one who knew." 

Inwardly, Damion cringed. To call Venron by his given name was too familiar. The younger elf prayed Claven took it for insult and not endearment. 

"He was the only one who could find the village. The only one who knew of our Prince's existance. The only one aware of his power. After all the shit I went though to make sure he was born and safe, I couldn't take the chance I could lose him. I had to protect the king." 

Claven studied Gregron for a long while. His features hidden behind a pleasant smile. "You blieve this shit?" He turned back to Damion, his eyes belying the calm demeanor that he wrapped around him. 

"He's sworn fealty to me. And I have all the confirmation I need to know what he says is true. He is the reason I'm alive today, thanks to his choices." Damion shrugged, focusing his attention out the window where the small building and tents started to raise into larger structures made of sandstone and redstone. They were nothing as grand as what Thambair had, and there were no walls surrounding the city or the palace. "As far as the Princess is concerned, when she learned that I was coming, she insisted that she should also. I didn't really want her interference though. Grant it, she had reason to believe that you and your empire are the villains of this story, but I wasn't particularly found of the idea of her arguing the entire time I'm here with you. Nor was I fond of having her walk into the valley of the dragon, if she happens to be right. So, here we are." 

"Has anyone every told you that you think too much?" Claven smiled as Damion turned his head slowly back to his host. 

Giving him the most dazzling smile he could muster, Damion laughed. "I'm pretty sure I've heard that more than once. From everyone who's ever known me. But I don't think it was a bad decision."

"So, even though you could be walking into the valley of dragons, you're still here?" 

"There are always two sides to every coin. I would be a hypocrite if I didn't at least do my due dillegence to hear you out and listen to your side of things. Then, hopefully you'll listen to mine." Damion let his eyes wander to where Claven's hand dipped into his robes, rubbing at his own chest. 

"So, you're interested in our counter offer then?" 

"Mmmm," Damion made scales out of his palms, raising one side and then the other, "I'm more interested in knowing your stance on how things should be run, what your goals are, and why. Where do your beliefs and loyalties lay, and why?" He leaned forward resting his elbows on his knees, "I know you want Thambair, so that all the realms are united under the Empire, and so that you can have the lands there. But is that your only interest? Is there something else you want from the Princess?" 

"Well, her beauty is enough, isn't it? You wear your heart on your sleave when it comes to her, so does there need to be another reason? Are you trying to claim her for yourself and to make the kingdom your own?" Claven mimicked Damion's body language, and now they were practically nose to nose. "You staking your claim today?"

"In a sense, yes. Not that I particularly care about the kingdom or realm in itself, but I have come to the decision that she is mine." 

"Then, you don't feel too differently from us about females. I own a number of them. How they are treated is my decision and prerogative. Those who listen to my will and do as I say are under my protection and used as my own play things. Those who don't listen, or deny their place as an object, well, they're not given protection of any sort. They end up being treated as Volencia was that first day we met. Though, I suppose I actually met Quain that day, as we weren't properly introduced until the day after." 

"Quain?" Damion felt excitement well up in him. Did Claven know more about who had taken over his body that night? "I had assumed it was Necron." 

"No." Claven put his chin in his palm, kicking gently at Damion's foot. "I would have thought that you would know about the gods. Or did the Clagonians decide to keep up their little charade of there only being one god, they called him the All Father for a while if I'm not mistaken?" 

Damion felt his eyes narrow. "Why would the Clagonians lie about the gods? They were the keepers of the temple."

Claven's finger caught Damionunder the chin. "That is the easiest question you've asked. The Clagonians never served the gods. They serve Ephira." Turning his attention to window, he smiled. "We should have time for me to clarify. A large majority of the creation story runs true to what you know. But the main differences are significant. First difference," he held up two fingers, "There are two gods. Necron and Quain. Quain is the god that the Clagonians call Necron. Necron is the god that holds nihility magic. Quain does not. Some believe that's where the jealousy and anger came from, that Quain wasn't the top brother. It was they, together, who formed the first elves and created all life as we know it today. Necron is credited for those creatures that have been passed on to myth. Those that shared his magic. Sand dragons, crinchaw, your dark hive elves, even merfolk. They disappeared because once Necron was removed from power, Ephira and Quain went after them." 

"Did they destroy him? And why isn't this the story that is being told?" Damion asked, sitting back, his arms crossed over his chest as he contemplated the thought that everything he knew about the creation was a lie. A known lie. Was that why his father had wanted to keep him away from Necron's book? 

"You can't destroy nothing, Damion. I will have to explain further for you to understand fully. But right now, we're here. Let us get inside, and once we're alone again, I'll continue." Just then, the carriage stopped. It was only a moment before the door opened. Claven stepped out, surprising Damion as he turned to offer him a hand down. Damion only stared at it for a moment before Claven's hand dropped. "Apologies. I was only trying to be chilverous." 

"It's fine. But I'm quite capable of getting out on my own. Thank you."  Damion chuckled. "Would you have accepted a hand down? Need someone to help you off our horse or someone to help you hold your robs over some mud?" 

Claven looked at him with annoyance. "Honestly, I'd feel bad for most folk who even offered. I would be offended to be treated like a female, myself. However, when it comes to you, I think I would quite enjoy it. I'm sure I'm just being insane, but you give me certain feelings. I want your attention and protection. I wonder, if this is how you make the Princess feel too. I couldn't blame her for her interest in you then." A blush rising on his cheeks, his hair whipped through the air as he turned away from Damion, who was now smirking to himself. 

Elbowing Claven gently, he offered his arm. Claven turned, pulling his lower lip between his teeth as he stared at the proffered arm. "Would you prefer I put it down?" Shaking his head, Claven's arm wrapped around Damion's bicep, moving in close to his side. He kept his head down, allowing Damion to lead him up the dozen wide black marble steps leading into the palace. Packs of sand collected in the corners of the steps, and the large arch leading into the palace was completely open with no doors. Curtains seemed to be the only thing preventing piles of wind-swept sand from entering. They were a see-through material made of black with flecks of gold to match the accents of the palace and the veins that ran through the marble. 

Damion contemplated teasing him a little, but thought better of it. He didn't want Claven to feel too uncomfortable or to start pulling away. Considering everything, the beginning of this meeting couldn't have gone better. Even to the point where he was starting to feel bad for what he would be doing. The way Claven was clinging to his arm, he could feel the elve's heartbeat racing. 

###chapter Sixty-nine
	As they accended the stairs, a guard walked forward, pulling the curtain open for them. Claven's face was pressed against Damion's arm, a small smile playing at his lips. "Welcome to my palace." The words were soft, and the noise from the city beyond, and the smell, disippated as they entered the palace. The foryer here was large and completely open. Three arches spaned around the room, leading to other parts of the palace. Much like Thambairs castle. He wondered if the center was for their formal events, and if it then broke down into the West Wing and East Wing from there, like Thambair.

	Soldiers and servants lined the hall, interspersed with large boquets of flowers. An enourmous fountain sprayed in the center of the room. The pools decreased in size as they went up the fountain tiers. The lowest and largest piece of it was filled with lillie pads and other water plants. As the tiers went up, near the center of the fountain, built in planters had beautiful arraingements set up, and the flowers blooming over the water and drinking in the spray were gorgeous. Damion reached out to carress the petals and leaves, smiling. "You grow anywhere you can, huh? Since there's not a lot of places out of the palace, you must have a lot of indoor planters."	

Claven nodded, his own hand reaching out to carress the plant Damion just had before turning his attention up to his guest. "Would either of you care for a glass of wine?" Both Damion and Gregron agreed. Claven dropped his arm briefly, motioning for a half-naked elf who was standing beside the wall in the entry room to come forward. A tray in hand with glasses already filled. Claven grabbed two, then nodded at Gregron. The elf proffered him the tray as Claven handed Damion a glass. Damion took a sip before holding out his arm again. The sly smile that crept over Claven's face made his own checks glow slightly. Slipping his arm in the crook, their host lead them to one of the arch ways and down a silent and empty hall. His hand slipped down the inside of Damion's arm until his fingers curled into his palm. 

	He paused in the center of the hall, flexing his fingers until they intertwined with Claven's. Clearing his throat, Damion looked down. "This okay?" 

	"Actually, it's pretty nice." Claven smiled up, "It's been a long time since anyone has been brave enough to attempt to hold my hand. You're bringing back a lot of long-lost memories." 

	"Well, where were we? You were explaining how there were really two gods, Necron and Quain. How does Ephira fit into the story?" Damion said, watching for any good markers to help him remember how to get out of the palace when the time came. He and Gregron spoke through thought, and Damion left it to his elder to map out the palace, just as he had left it to Gregron to remember how to escape the city. In order to make Claven feel like he was completely interested in him, he needed to focus on that as his main task. He was also intensely curious to know more about this new Creation story that Claven had begun telling him. 

	"She's what destroyed it all. Once they created the twins, Locke and Keye, Necron was indeed the one who decided to relax and stay at the father tree. Quain went with the others to figure out how to create females. Only Keye came back to visit Necron. The only one who ever really cared about him. Most only wanted to be around him when they needed his magic, but Necron was always happy to see Keye." There was a sadness in Claven's voice, his eyes focused ahead. "And vice-versa, according to the stories." Damion was confused by this side of him. There was almost a tenderness that he hadn't been expecting. "Ephira, as you know, did become jealous of the other women Quain and Locke were so set on making. She preferred when all the attention was on her. She left, as you likely heard, and wandered Rhelia. Eventually coming to the father tree, and meeting Necron. She had heard stories of him from the others, and was fully aware of his power, and got close to him. Even making him believe she loved him. Swore she would spend the rest of her days with him. But he was nothing like his brother. He didn't like having attention, and he didn't show off his magic or abilities. He liked to stay home, and preferred being alone than out in the world with the others. But Ephira enjoyed being the center of attention. Yet, when Quain came back, offering her the world. She refused him. Pregnant with Necron's child, she hoped she could convince him to allow her magic too. But whenever she asked, he always refused her. So, when Quain finally offered her some of his own magic to pull her away from his brother again, she agreed to leave with him, and did so in the dead of night. She didn't even bother to tell him she was leaving. It broke his heart."

	"I guess, at the least, they didn't lie about the fact that the only child either of them had was Necron's." Damion could feel his anger boiling below the surface. He'd always felt there was something off about the gods. Always knew there was more to the story, but never understood why he would feel that way. 

	"After she gave birth to the child, they brought it back to Necron, who raise the babe with the help of Keye. For a time, they believed themselves a family." Claven's fingers tightened around Damion's, his face was drawn and angry. "It was Keye who told Locke about the boy. How the child was likely to grow up just as strong as his father. When Locke reported this to Quain and Ephira, they knew they'd made a mistake. They decided it would be easier to trick the child into giving them what they wanted, and set out to try to take his magic so they would finally be more powerful than Necron himself. When the boy was old enough, they went after him, at first asking him to leave with them on an adventure. But I think Necron already knew they didn't have anything good planned for the boy and refused to let him go with them. It became a contention between the two, and the boy became bitter with his father, eventually running away to enjoy the freedom his mother offered. Keye was sad for him, though. Necron accepted that he could be wrong, and that the boy had a right to live his own life. But Keye still worried and decided to leave also. Going to find them and see what types of adventures they were on."

	"It was Keye who learned of their nefarious plans then?" Damion asked quietly. 

	"It was. That was when the wars came. They were hiding with the child and using his magic to keep them hidden until they could figure out how to extract the magic from him. The child had no idea what kind of danger he was in. Necron was more than willing to burn down the entire world to get his son back. He had no problem killing Ephira and Quain to do so either. They stayed hidden and let him destroy the world they had all worked so hard to create. It was Locke and Keye who went to him, begging him to stop. They kept lying to the boy though. Said that Necron had gone crazy. The poor child believed them. They were able to convince everyone to turn against him because of the evil he was willing to do for that child. Even Keye. Necron was betrayed by everyone he'd ever loved. They banded together to lock him away in his own creation of nothingness. To this day, he's still locked away in the void. Ephira made sure, that since she was the one with the largest bounty on her head, she was the only one who call him forth from that void. And she was in complete and utter control him. Once he was locked away, Quain was able to offer Ephira the power she had always wanted, and she immediately started to use that power to erase all traces of Necron from the Rhelia. There was a prophecy that one day, someone would be born who would be able to free him from that void. The rest is history. The brothers and child hadn't known what they were agreeing to. Not really. They wanted to end the blood lust and wars, but they never meant for Necron to be trapped as he was. They decided to take revenge against Quain and Ephira. Starting a new war. That's where the story comes to an end for you as well, I believe. The child goes on to become 'the Hero', and locks Quain away and they capture Ephira in the form of a human body. One that needs to be controlled, otherwise, she will forever be trying to regain control of the world that never belonged to her. If there was ever a villain here in Rhelia, it was Ephira. That's one of the reasons the brothers look to the Empire to remove all females from power. They are often like her, and though there are some who may become great leaders, even in the past, they've always become more like Ephira the power they are given. The brothers have been watching it happen for an eternity. They're simply sick of it these days. They boast about bringing balance back to the world. But the only way to do that is to free the brothers and defeat Ephira herself." 

	Claven was clinging desperately to Damion's arm by the time the story was finished. Damion and Gregron exchanged looks. Had the Clagonians altered the story because they were afraid that Damion would try to complete the destruction of Ephira? Were they afraid he would loose Necron on the world? And would he truly burn it down all around them? After hoping for so long that answers would make this all easier, Damion was terrified to learn now, that it only left his chest feeling heavier, and now he just felt confused. It was too late when he realized he hadn't been paying attention to where they were going at all. He had no idea how to get back out of the palace once they found what they were looking for. 

###chapter Seventy
	*I can feel your confusion. What we want to focus on right now is what is right and what made us come here in the first place. Let's find Gareth's pregnant wife. How they're treating her will tell us more than Claven will ever share. Remember how they were treating Volencia when you first came upon them. No one deserves that, Damion.*  Nodding, Damion had to admit, Gregron had a point. They needed to know more. The rest of the meeting would answer the questions of what they should be doing from here.

	"Your palace seems to go on forever." Damion waved down the hall, eliciting a chuckle from his companion.

	"It's practically a city, to be honest. So little grows here in the desert, that we've been working on making apartments for the folk that live here. That's why we haven't waisted resources on temporary structures around us. This year alone, we'll be creating four new barrack-towers where the soldiers will be able to stay. There will be communal baths in each. Since we don't believe in marriage, the females will have their own quarters at the top of the towers and the men will be able to go up to chose who shall warm their beds for the night. The Captains of the platoons will choose who gets first dibs, because they'll be keeping track of how well the soldiers are doing. I want to get to the point where none of what you saw on your travels into Belodia are there. Everyone deserves to live here, in the palace with their Prince." 

	"And what of your father? The King? Is this his vision? Will I be able to meet him as well?" Damion let his eyes glaze over Claven, who again looked away sadly. 

	"My father has been sick for a long time, unfortunately. These are my plans alone. No one really knows how bad it is, but his body has been failing for years. I dread the day he passes away. I'm not really interest in taking over the kingdom. I was hoping my brother would be willing to take over for me instead. But, that's not something that will come to pass now. Though I understand the duress you were under that day. I realize we were wrong to do what we were doing then, but Thambair has been impossible to bring under control for so long. I don't hold your decisions that day against you, but there are others that do."

	"Hopefully you are willing to point them out during our introductions so that I can try to make amends. Honestly, stepping into that with no prior information did leave me feeling like you were in the wrong. No one deserves to be treated like that. Well not without consent, anyway." Damion forced a laugh, hoping it was believable. Claven took Damion's empty glass, and his own, setting them on a side table. 

	When he came back, he wrapped his arm around Damion's again, but his free hand caressed Damion's arm and hand. "Consent, huh? You don't by chance enjoy rough play, do you?" 

	Damion let the one side of his smile widen enough for his dimple to come through, "Well, something like that. I find, the things that I've liked most, are not well looked upon. Though, Volencia hasn't minded accommodating me with my preferences." 

	"The little virgin is no longer a virgin, huh? That shouldn't surprise me. I would have given you my virginity in a minute had you asked for it. You just happen to be half a lifetime too late for that." Claven chuckled. "Just another right here and beyond that door, and we'll be with the others." 

	As they turned the corner, Damion saw the large glass doors flanked by jade wall carvings. "Those are gorgeous." Damion veered to the side, looking at the friezes on the side of the door. His hand gliding over the contours as he explored the craftmanship of the designs. They were all floral in design, fruit trees and berry bushes, flowers, and other varieties of plants. To add to the atmosphere, the stone columns on the side of the friezes were covered in moss. 

	"You enjoy art, huh?" 

	"I enjoy all different types of beauty. You should see me get lost in a library." Damion said honestly, crossing to the other side of the door where a different design awaited them. 

	"Then you would enjoy ours, I'm sure. It's not as big as the one in Thambair, but it's cozier, if you were to ask me." Claven pulled at the arms of his robes and messed with his hair, pulling it into a ponytail with a small leather strap. Fixing his robes, he covered more of his chest, forcing himself to look more presentable.

	"Should I button my-" Damion asked, after realizing that Claven was correcting his image before going in. 

	"Probably." Claven said, even as he put a hand on Damion's to still him. "But, please, don't. You are beyond beautiful just the way you are." Damion felt the blush on his cheeks rising and turned away. "I would prefer you just be comfortable. Even if one day you wish to ascend the Thambairian throne, let them meet who you are as an equal." Damion noticed the way Claven's eyes lingered at his mouth, taking a step forward. 

	"Then why, prey tell, are you fixing yourself up to go in? Why not stay comfortable as you were?" Damion took another step, and Claven retreated with wide, excited eyes. 

	"I have an image to uphold. It's different when they look at you as their leader." Claven hit the wall where the frieze was. Damion's hand shot up to keep the other's head from hitting the detailed wall. "Oh." 

	"I'm going to kiss you." He said, waiting for any show of consternation, but when Claven's hands met his chest and slowly worked their way up to the back of his neck, Damion took the opportunity to lean in. 

	"I hate to be the one to break this up, but haven't they been waiting for your return? You are in the middle of hosting a party, are you not?" Gregron's words forced Damion to stop, just far enough away from Claven that he could smell the wine on his breath, which was coming fast and heavy. Damion swore under his breath, backing away. Though it was a planned move, Damion's reaction was true. There was an intense sense of deja vous nagging in his mind. 

	"No, you're right, Gregron." Damion stepped back, running his hand through his hair, but remembering too late he had it tied up. His hand fell to his side as he looked away from them both. "I'm sorry to keep you from your other company." 

	Fixing his robes again, Claven seemed to agree that he'd been gone too long. "Though I agree with Gregron for the moment, I'm more than happy to dispel the meeting early and show you around the palace more. A personal tour may be fun for both of us?" 

	Damion gave Claven a sideways glance. If this kept up, he was going to forget why he came here in the first place. He was grateful he could control what Volencia could see and feel, because this would have had her panicking. "Shall we then?" Damion gave an unexcited bow, backing away more. By the look Claven offered, they would both rather be anywhere else. 

	"I suppose." Claven said, taking the lead. He opened the door, striding in. The whole room was a massive green house. Like an oasis of life in the middle of a dry and deserted desert. The room was made of green marble and large pains of glass surrounded them, even creating a large ceiling. Trees with fruits, flowers as big as Damion's head, it was beautiful. "It's one of my favorite places in the world." Damion pulled at his shirt. It was really hot in here. 

	"I can see why. There's a sense of serenity here. Kind of caries the feel of my home and the tree beside it." Damion said, walking in. His hand touched a large hibiscus flower, letting his fingers graze over it lazily. Claven and Gregron had both stopped to watch him. There was no denying the worry etched over Gregron's face though. 

	"One day, I would love to see your home." Claven mused. 

	Damion's head whipped around, "That may not be a great idea. You support Lock, and he's the one who tore down their city and slaughtered thousands, if not more, of my folk." 

	"But, as you said earlier, I would be a hypocrite if I didn't at least hear both sides of the story." There was no disguising the way Claven reached for him. Though he thought better of the motion and his arms dropped to his side. 

	"If you ever truly want to know another side of the story, let me know. I shall not deny you that. Just as you have not denied me. Though, I need to figure out why they are lying about the creation. For that I have no answer." Damion plucked a large fruit from the bows of a tree and sniffed at it. 

	"That's a dragon fruit. You need a knife to get through the thick skin, but once you do, it is delicious. Bring it with you. One of the members of the Empire will have a small knife to get into it, or I'll send it down to the kitchen if need be." The outside of the fruit, though colorful, mostly red with small amounts of blue on the tips. The skin of the fruit felt like bark on the outside of it. The smell was not unlike that of a forest after the rain. Claven continued into the greenhouse room, waiving them along. 

###chapter Seventy-one
At the end of the winding halls, a large arc opened up into a beautiful oasis. Indoor waterfalls. Flowers of every color and bigger than Damion's head bloomed, reaching toward the sky. This structure was built with green marble, and the ceilings arched over them in shining glass. It was warm, but not uncomfortably. Claven lead them to an alcove to the side of the room, where the members of the Empire gathered. Sitting before a well-stocked table. Servants wearing see through clothes catered to each of them. Calazerthlegle sat off to the side, glowering at everyone. A black and blue eye swollen on the right side of his face, watched them. He frowned deeply, a mug held in his hands. 

"Announcing our guests from Thambair," Claven swooped an arm out toward them, "Our honored guest, Damion and unfortunately he didn't bring out beloved princess, but the sourpuss Gregron." The prince turned back, pouting as he looked at Gregron again. Damion wondered what he would have done had he allowed Volencia to come with him.  

A raven-haired beauty, her hair curling on each side of her head in large buns, carried a tray over. Her lips were painted red, her large blue eyes weren't as bright as Volencia's, but she had the same build. Damion blushed as she stood before him, golden chains held her breasts up, a thin black mesh of cloth did nothing to conceal her body. Her middle was bare, the heavy golden chain at her waist hung low. "I picked her out just for you. I could tell you had an eye for the princess, but she's not the only one in the world as gorgeous as that. And this one won't flinch or cry when you touch her." 

Claven's hand ran along her neck, she held the tray fast, but her eyes closed, red lips parting. "I am here for your pleasure, Master." 

"Uh, thank you." Damion took a cup from the tray that looked like beer. 

"Would either of you like a tussle before meeting the others? I know I need a good one before I get down to business." A red head giggled as he pressed himself against her. "This one works magic with her mouth" 

She knelt before him, "Would you like-" he pushed her away roughly and she fell to the ground. 

"Not now." 

She crawled away on all fours, before turning her eyes up to Damion and Gregron, batting her eyes at them as she touched herself, "How about it?"

"No, thank you." Gregron only shook his head, his eyes scanning the rest of the company. 

Claven pouted, "But they are all ready for you. I thought it would be a nice welcoming gift." Then he shrugged, "No matter, come and eat then. Let me introduce you to my fellow Council Members." He put his arm around Damion's shoulders, pulling him toward the rest. "Damion's thinking about joining us, so make him feel welcome." 

Damion noticed Lock was not here. "Unfortunately, you killed Henrindal King of Rivendair, so his son, Jaquisis has come to take his place." 

He wasn't as small as the other elf had been, but he had the same flaxen hair as his father, which fell in loose waives. "Thanks for the push into the throne. I thought my father would never croak." He laughed maliciously. 

"This is the new King of Crath, Gareth. He's not as excited about his new throne, so don't expect him to chum up with you." Claven grabbed a mug from the tray the dark-haired slave still held and went to stand behind the fairies sitting to his left. "This is Reniza, King of Quimbled and all fairies and his lovely daughter, Aveline. If you're a marrying man, I do make the exception for diplomatic peace. She is in need a good husband." Her green eyes met his. She was dressed just like the slave girls, but her legs were pressed against her chest in an attempt to keep prying eyes to themselves. "She is fun, because she can make you see and feel anything you want. The only reason she's not been added to my personal collection is because Reniza is my second in command and wants to use her for political gain. Which we can all appreciate. There are the dwarves, no one can remember their names, so it's just dwarf one and dwarf two. They smell a little funny, but their shield magic and earth magic is extraordinary, and in battle, you won't find a better front line." Both dwarves scowled out at everyone. Damion was angered by their treatment, he couldn't imagine how they felt. "Chiervoni, King of the Chirobi Isles, some of their folk have nihility magic like you, but it's very rare. Their King is chosen based off this skill. So Chiervoni here is one of the most powerful users of the magic we've known to date. Aside from you, of course." 

"My name is Chirbon, and I am a Chieftain, not a king." His skin was ebony, as were most of those who came from the Chirobi Isles. His hair long, salt and pepper, oiled into long thick dreadlocks. This was the Chiaro Cala had mention the night before. 

*You have nihility magic like I do?* The Chiaro asked. *Have you spoken through the mind before?*

"That's everyone but Lock. He doesn't usually show up for these meetings though." Claven shrugged. "Now that our boring introductions are over, sit and enjoy." He smacked Gregron on the back, "You too. I might finally see a smile on your dull face."

*Yes, to both. Calazerthlegle said that your daughter is here?* Damion asked, making eye contact.

Reniza and Jaquisis both raised their hands in salute. Since the rest of them only glared at him, it made sense he would go see them first. "So, I may be a little late to the party, what kingdom are you from again?" Jaquisis asked, playing with his nails as a small blond sat beside him, rubbing him all over.

"Thambair."

*She is. A warrior. And they've been told if they abuse her, I will leave the Empire and shut my borders to everything. I have the strongest navy. Though I can't hold a candle to them on land. It would be a standoff, and the only reason I haven't done it is because my Islands would suffer greatly if we were blocked off from the mainlands.* Chirbon poured himself a drink, purposefully not looking at him. 

"Lucky you. I've heard the Princess there is sexier than the goddess herself. Though, I've never seen her. Maybe if she refuses Claven again, I could try my hand. Claven has an interesting sexual pallet and folk know it, I think I'd have an easier time securing that ass than anyone else here." The glare Aveline gave him over her father's head would have shot daggers if it could. 

*Good luck with that.* Damion frowned at Jaquisis. *She'd never go for such a pompous ass.*  Though he didn't respond, Chirbon choked on his wine, hitting his chest. Apologizing because his drink went down the wrong pipe. *Sorry forgot to disconnect for that.* He wasn't sorry, he wanted the Chiaro to know how they really felt. 

"I gave a fair go round with the little fey princess earlier today, but she wasn't really my cup of tea. Can't tell if its real or not, and who the he'll wants that?" Jakisis gripped at the elf beside him. "I also prefer having someone more my own size, and eager. She just looked mad."

*Don't apologize. I like her already.*

"Everyone you idiot. The fey are often targeted for sex trafficking for that very reason." Reniza glowered. Claven was off with a young male and female already, ordering them into position for a good show if anyone wanted to watch. Damion watched for only a moment before turning his eyes back to the food on the table. "I take it you're not accustomed to such open sexuality, are you? You look very uncomfortable." Reniza watched Damion closely. 

"That's true. Though I wonder if I need to worry here you see, my own sexual pallet is of a different nature than most." Clearing his throat, Damion waved at the platter before them. "I've never eaten half of this stuff. Any suggestions on where to start?"

"Try one of these." The Chirobi sat forward, plucking a large curled up piece of pink meat. He picked up a small spoon and sprinkled what looked like water over it, then dunked it in a red sauce. "They're little shellfish from the oceans around my Isles. Just a sprinkle of lemon juice, the sauce is a little on the spicy side, but compliments the shrimp well. The only thing," he lifted a bottle sitting on the table beside him, "to make it better would be a glass of vintage Isle wine. Ever had it?" 

"No. But it's got to be better than this beer." Both the dwarves howled with laughter at that. Damion reached forward, fixing one of the Chirobi shrimp. *Thank you.*  Damion said to Chirbon. 

*You are welcome, friend.*  Damion smiled to himself, and was glad others were laughing to disguise his conversation. 

"A man after me own heart." The dwarf Damion didn't know the name to slapped Cala on the back. His accent was thinkers than Cala's and harder to understand. 

"A glass then?" The Cheif's locks bounced as he held the bottle higher, grabbing a clean glass. 

"Please." 

Claven pouted, leaning on the chair behind Reniza. "That's good Belodian beer. What's wrong with it?" 

Cala leaned in, "We have a secret fer ya. It tastes like warm piss." 

Damion held up his goblet, "The wine is much better. Thank you, Chief Chirbon. And it's not that it tastes as bad as the dwarves say, it just has no body, no soul. I recently had a dwarven ale with Gregron and the King. The difference between the two, is like eating a boiled pigs foot verses having belly strips." Damion shrugged. Though the Chairo and Gareth exchanged glances, it was the dwarves who seemed to fully understand what he just said breaking out in wild laughter again. The others only stared back at him. Damion ran his hand through his hair shrugging, "Okay, um like a brothel worker vs one of your concubines?" The look of pure horror that crossed Claven's face told him he understood this at least. 

"But but you practically have to chew dwarvish ale." Damion couldn't help but chuckle at the disappointment he saw on Claven's face. "This just isn't so potent. If I wanted to get drunk I'd have whiskey." 

*Careful.* Chirbon's warning echoed in his head.

"My brother brews at home, and the ale is perfect. Maybe a little too wheaty for some, but he mixes it with a type of fruit we have, which gives it just enough sweetness. It is also filtered, so there's nothing to settle at the bottom of the glass. Mayhap some of you might enjoy it someday." 

"I know I would enjoy that." Chirbon sat forward, smiling at Damion.

*I need you to know something, and hopefully I'm not being too forward, but I need to get Gareth's pregnant wife out of here.* Damion told the Chirobi. *No one deserves to be bartered off as a prize. Especially one in such a delicate situation. I'll need help.*

***

**Hello Readers. Hope you're enjoying the story. Feel free to leave a comment and like the ###chapter if you care to support the story. Thank you for reading!**

###chapter Seventy-two
Chirbon set his glass down, raising a pipe to his lips and took a long drag. *You have at least two swords. I will do anything I can to release Mary, and Gareth would give his life. What will you do with her when you get her?*

*Take her home to the Princess Volencia, my betrothed. She is also pregnant.* Damion hadn't wanted this to get out, and prayed that the Chiaro was being true to his word. *No one here knows, but Gregron. Possibly Cala.* 

*I shall keep this secret myself too then. What is your plan?*

An unspoken bond was formed. Chirbon was familiar with speaking through the mind, which Damion hadn't expected. He pretended to relax, stretching his long legs out. As expected, the movement brought Claven's attention back to him. 

Damion made up one of the shrimp, trying to hand it to Gregron, but he frowned at it, refusing. The conversation waned, and Damion let his eyes wander the room. Gregron was stiff as a board, especially with Claven now speaking to Reniza in whispers over his shoulder. The Chirobi was waiting for an answer. Gareth, King of the human's watching everyone angrily. Jaquisis had no idea what was going on, and the dwarves spoke fast complicated dwarvish Damion couldn't follow, but often their eyes landed on him and Gregron. Damion leaned back, smiling at his protector. "You know what they're saying?" 

"Who?" Gregron frowned.

"The dwarves. I can read their language, but they speak so fast... I can't keep up." 

"Maybe?" Damion frowned, drinking the rest of the piss poor beer before sipping the wine. He felt Gregron's hot breath in his ear a few minutes later. "Cala wants to join you, Jerellathrethial does not. They are arguing." 

Damion sighed, they'd been here for nearly two hours. Shorter than he expected, longer than he wanted. "I have a question, and I would like anyone who feels a pull to answer, please do so. Is that acceptable, Claven?" 

"Of course." Claven smiled warmly, but Damion didn't think he'd like what he was going to say.

"My question is this: Why is it that you believe females don't deserve to be treated as normal folk? They carry our future. They are the reason we survive at all. The glue that keeps us coming back and provide the love we need to rise. Why treat them as slaves... or worse?" He finished his wine at the end of the question, almost immediately regretting it. A few of them raised their chins, a few looked away, their shoulders slumping. It was Claven and Reniza who smiled back.  

The quiet around them settled. "Well," Reniza countered, "we all know, they're not less important." When the fairy King's eyes met his, Damion felt like it meant the world. "We need them to reproduce, of course." His shoulders fell slightly. "History shows, however, when they are under the control of us, the world runs more smoothly. We don't believe we should be forced to choose one when we can own as many as we'd like." His visage said differently. "Males are happier with more, and always have been. We want to help rebalance the world. Back where it should have been at the beginning.  When women were child bearers. The job of being the family center is going astray."

"Perhaps because it's been underappreciated?" Damion felt his jaw tighten. 

*Carefully.* Chirbon warned again. 

"Ultimately, since the male controls the females, they can choose to treat them however they would like. The better she listens, the better she'll be treated of course." Claven added, rolling a hand through the air. 

Gareth's eyes met Damion's and the Chirobi's voice echoed through his head. *Unless they can use her for leverage or to make us see the error of our ways. Then they get to torture our wives and daughters so that we're under their thumb.* 

"Or unless they're not the same race and you believe neither get a choice in the matter. A man, after all, must buy or earn his property." Aveline glared. When Damion met her eyes, a fire burned there. "We're treated worse than dogs. Doesn't matter if we listen or not. I've already had to pleasure six men today alone. And you're on the list for later. Just a gift to be passed around." 

Reniza's hand flew through the air, the slap echoed through Damion's bones, a number of them flinched. It was Cala who jumped to his feet, the other dwarf restraining him. "You belong to me and will serve anyone I see fit. You already gave away your precious jewel, no point in pretending you're some chaste virgin." 

Damion cleared his throat. "So, I would have the option and right, to marry and hold the power to refuse to allow anyone else from touching her?" Damion asked, avoiding Gareth's death gaze. 

"Of course. She would be yours." 

*No, you would not. Especially the Princess of Thambair.* Chirbon's eyes met his.

Gareth stood, "Just don't fall in love. That's when she becomes a better tool for them to force their motives on you. Why let you have your *property* if they have a better use for it? Though, I suppose that won't really matter for you. Elves don't love and care nothing for others." 

Claven smiled at Gareth as he walked passed them all. "We talked about what would happen if you didn't keep that opinion to yourself."

"My point exactly." Gareth nodded at him, "But what's the point in asking questions if they're going to drizzle non-existent honey over the truth to hide the fact they're offering you garbage." 

"You have a death wish?" Chirbon shot out of his seat, grabbing Gareth's shoulders and pushing him away from the crowd and out of the alcove, though Damion could still hear them whispering angrily at each other. He couldn't make out their words. There was a slap and Gareth's angry tone, "No, they have my pregnant wife, it's not the same." 

Chirbon joined them again shortly after, looking more haggard and worn. He sighed, dropping into Gareth's seat, which was right across from Damion. "Another glass?" He held up the vintage bottle of wine and poured himself a heaping glass. 

"No. Thank you." Damion focused on the food again. 

"I'd like for you to understand," Claven rounded the couch, sitting and tucking an arm around Aveline's shoulders. "He is not cooperating with us, we understand he's in a hard position right now, but as close as we finally are to our goal, I hope you can see we are only doing what is necessary." 

Damion had to work to keep his features from giving away his true feelings. "I too have had to do what is necessary." He nodded, popping a fruity tart into his mouth. The dark-haired slave sat beside him on the chair he was in and cuddled close. "I'd prefer you not sit there." Damion looked down at her. 

"Oh, come now, you haven't enjoyed any of my toys yet." Claven comment, his eyes narrowing. 

"Sorry, they're not exactly the type I enjoy keeping personal company with." Damion smiled, and hoped it looked sincere. 

"So, tell us, what is your type?" Cala asked, watching him. 

Damion stood when the slave didn't, "Apologies, that if for my own knowledge, and no one elses'. Though, I do have another question." Claven waived his hand for Damion to continue. "I've heard that one of the reasons you're so interested in Thambair is because the academy is there, and you want to make sure all magic goes through the school; thus procuring the extinction of the Master and Apprentice relationship. To the point that trying to teach someone magic outside your regimented system could be seen as treason." 

"When you say it like that, the idea sounds horrible." Claven watched him with careful eyes. "It's much simpler really. We want to make sure all folk are honored with the same care. When you speak of Master and Apprentice, you are only learning from one person. We simply want to widen that perspective. To make sure that ideals match with our own. Again, it comes down to needing to rebalance the world. It will also help us keep tabs on what sorceresses are learning, so that they don't try to overpower as history has proven they will, time and again. True Apprenticeships are going to be honored, just overseen by the Arch Mage. There's a whole system that has been created, though I'd have to reference you to Lock for additional information on how it will all work. He has it all figured out." 

"And what of someone like me? I did not go to the academy and wouldn't have done well there. Having two forms of magic, with someone who isn't as strong as I am teaching me would only have hindered what I was able to become. Doesn't that bother you? That not everyone will be able to fit into these boxes you're creating. And what of the Princess Volencia? She has the ability to be one of the most powerful sorceresses in the world. Why dampen something that could be beneficial to all of Rhelia simply because she was born with the wrong reproductive parts?" 

"These are all special circumstances. Which we will have the deal with on a one-by-one situation. It's not a perfect system, but it's a system that was created to work better for the balance of the world. With her, we can't let her have access to unknown power to do with as she pleases. It was never meant to be that way." 

"And what of Ephira? She was created to harness and help the balance. Given that power by the creator of Rhelia itself. Who are we to say she's not a key in helping to accomplish this goal you keep telling me, which is to rebalance the world. What if you're only making it worse?" He hoped he was only sounded curious and not angry. He had to be careful in speaking about Volencia, his emotions were dangerous.  

"What if Ephira was never meant to be? We believe her creation is where the world went wrong. Which is why Volencia must be contained and taken care of." Claven smiled, but Damion could tell he was weighing every word. His demeanor now was so different from earlier, Damion found it worrisome. "I could give you so much more, there's no reason you need to try to protect her any longer. I will give you your hearts desire in exchange. You're currently the only thing stopping us from having what we need at this point." The seriousness that enveloped the conversation was startling.  

"Right now, we have a good thing going. I'm not interested in just handing her over." Damion said casually, locking his hands behind his head. 

###chapter Seventy-three
"But you haven't even seen what I can offer you. Just imagine it Damion, you can eat and drink like this every day. I'll provide you a room, right here in my palace. Help me with the Princess, and once I have my heir, I'll give her back. She'll be yours. I'll even let you both oversee Thambair if you wished it, as long as you follow my orders. You see, I have to connect our lands. Quimbled is too far for us to be able to ship enough food to my troops to be practical. Thambair has five times the fields and farms that I have, and I have five times the people. I need to care for them better than I am, I know that. But without the provisions needed, I can't meet the demand. So, my proposal has less to do with the academy, and more to do with a need. Volencia's not really my type either, I prefer my maidens willing and eager, which she never will be." 

Damion had to push the image of her splashing in the tub, laughing with him out of his mind. He hadn't realized he was smiling. "What? Ye like this idea?" The second dwarf asked, glaring.

"Perhaps... some details would have to be worked out before deciding I'm interested." 

*You're just bluffing, right?* The Chiaro asked.

"You would just give her over to them then?" Chirbon said aloud, his foot tapped the ground as he swirled his wine. 

Claven laughed, "Soon it won't matter. I'm going to show you exactly why you don't need her. Come, let me show you what else I have to offer." He leaned into Aveline, whispering in her ear. Her cheeks turned red, and she stood, flittering toward him. 

"My, *Master*, wants to know if you would like me now or if you'd prefer to see if there's another who might catch your fancy in the Pleasure Room." Aveline's green gossamer wings fluttered. She barely came above Damion's waist with both of them standing. Unlike the other slaves, she was adorned with silver chains and purple and green fabric. It was just as little covering, but it wasn't see-through like theirs. 

*Trust me, please?* He begged of Chirbon. 

Damion paced away from her, "I'd rather see what else you have. It would be interesting to see if you have something that could... quench... a certain thirst." Aveline froze, looking over at Claven. "But, you and I need to... talk about what that is, so that you understand what I'm looking for. I need to approve it through you, since it's a little... on the questionable side." 

"My favorite side." Claven laughed, hooking elbows. "The rest of you follow in a moment with Reniza. Damion and I have a few things to discuss, apparently." 

"Is this wise, Damion?" Gregron asked. "I would prefer to stay with you." 

Damion nodded, "You're welcome come with us. Since you're already more than aware of what I'm looking for." He agreed without hesitation but worried his elder wouldn't be able to keep up. Before he started walking, he turned, making eye contact with Chirbon. *No matter what you see, it all comes down to wanting to get Gareth's pregnant wife out of here and any of the others we can save. That's the goal, no matter what I say. Make sure to bring Gareth, we may need his sword.*

The Chirobi stretched and yawned, a barely perceptible nod hidden in the movement. "How far is it?" 

"Not very. A small walk." Claven loosened his robes, letting his chest show almost down to his navel. "You should make yourself more comfortable. Everyone likes to be rubbed down by beautiful folk. And those in my private collection are the loveliest you'll ever see." Damion didn't pull away as Claven's hand loosened his tunic, revealing more of his chest. His fingers warm on his skin. "You're the most beautiful though. Even fully clothed, you send my senses reeling. Anyway, you wanted to talk? I'm not going to lie, I'm praying to the gods, for the first time in my life, that you're about to tell me I'm the one who can satisfy your dark and dirty desires."

Damion looked around the hall, everything looked exactly the same as before. He wondered if this whole palace wasn't just one big marble labyrinth. This would be the moment of truth. "Perhaps. That's all going to depend on you." The noise from the others sounded behind them. They'd literally only waited a moment before following, which suited Damion just fine. 

"Tell me, it's just us, and well, your... friend. Though, I wouldn't say no to allowing him to join in if that were your preference." Damion looked back, smiling at Gregron who made a face at them.

"That would be... interesting, wouldn't it?" Damion laughed at the horror in Gregron's eyes. "Anyway, there's a-a darkness in me-" 

"Sweet, big, innocent you? I doubt that." Claven laughed, his violet eyes however looked him over with interest until Damion shot him an angry glare. 

"Don't patronize me. I'm telling you something very few folk know. You're making me second guess confiding in you." Damion stiffened beside him feigning offence.

"My deepest apologies," Claven crooned, rubbing Damion's arm, "Considering our last few meetings though, you must understand that I don't believe you're giving me an actual secret." Damion growled deep in his throat. "Oh, don't act so surprised. Why would you confide in me? You don't even particularly like me." 

Damion sighed, allowing his turmoil to show on his face before pulling his features into a stoic anger. "I see a similar darkness in you." It didn't go unnoticed their steps had slowed and the others stalled in the corridor. Claven remained silent, motioning with his hand for Damion to continue. "I hurt folk, and I enjoy it. I enjoy the Princess very much, but it's because she fears me. I can do whatever pleases me when it comes to her, and she reacts out of fear. That's where my pleasure lies. I can have my way with her and leave her crying in the middle of the night, and she still begs me to come back, to do it all over again. She's afraid to lose me to you. She knows without my strength and magic, she doesn't stand a chance against the Empire." Gregron grumbled behind them, catching Claven's attention. Damion grabbed his chin though, forcing him to look up into his eyes, "I want to hurt you even now." 

As expected, Claven's violet eyes looked at him with excitement. He wasn't expecting the Prince to grab him by the nape, pulling him down into a frenzied kiss. Damion's hands clenched under the assault, his mind screaming at him to move, his muscles refusing. Claven sucked Damion's lip into his mouth, biting him. Hard. 

Everyone in the hall gasped as Damion's hand shot up to Claven's throat, the other grabbing his hip. Their lips didn't part as Damion lifted Claven off his feet, half strangling him and shoved him against the wall, pressing their bodies together. He put all his anger into the kiss. All his disgust. How he treated Volencia, the anguish the prince put his folk through. Damion squeezed Claven's throat harder and the elf moaned under him, working his hands at Damion's belt and tunic frantically. 

The beast inside Damion wanted to roar. To kill him right now. But that wasn't an option. Instead, he growled low and fierce into Claven's mouth before releasing him and stepping back. 

"Please," Claven tried to pull him back into an embrace, "don't stop." Claven's eyes were wide, but not with fear. His voice was husky and his hands shook as he pulled at Damion. 

Stepping back out of Claven's reach, Damion looked at the others. Some of them were primed and ready for attack. "Your men thought I was attacking you." Damion folded his arms over his chest, trying to pretend Gregron wasn't looking at him like he had two heads. "In this state, I can't promise I won't kill them if they make a move." 

"Who cares about them. Have you ever been with a man before?" Claven reached down, straightening his robes. He licked at the blood dripping down his chin. Damion's lip throbbed, and as he touched his own tongue to it, he realized, that was his blood dripping down Claven's chin. His stomach flip-flopped. Ughh. 

"I have." Damion lied, "Though I like being the one in control." 

He was still breathing heavily as his eyes devoured Damion, his tunic open to his sternum. "I've been with thousands of folk, nearly every race, and I've never been kissed like that. Let's leave them to their own devices, they'll go get their own sport. I need to have you, now, before I explode. If that kiss was anything, I think you want me too." 

Damion pressed a hand through his hair. His brain was muddled, the darkness called for blood. His lips curling into a smirk as he allowed the beast to react. In a few quick steps, he had Claven pinned to the wall again. One hand on either side of his head. 

"I'll kill you myself if any of you try to interfere." It was the fairy king speaking to the others. 

Damion leaned in close. "You like to hurt. I like to feel the fear, you can't give me what I want." 

In a bold move, Claven grabbed Damion's face, their lips almost touching. "Then let's go get someone who can." Though he attempted to smile, Damion was sure he only bared his teeth and growled. This whole charade was making him sick. Pushing Damion away, he brushed past him and stood before a door. When he turned, he gave Damion a cock of his finger, and swung the door open. 

Elves, fairies, and humans of various different skin colors were all already entertaining themselves. As Claven walked into the room, they stopped, untangling from each other to bow, no matter what they were doing. "These are my favorites. Though, none of them will suite your interests." Claven touched a few of them as he walked past. 

Damion looked each one in the eye. They didn't look like he imagined Claven's harem would. They were excited, even happy to see him. "I could be anything you want." A young dark-skinned elf pulled the back of his tunic untucking it from his pants. "What a fine sword you have." Damion looked behind him, glad Gregron was staying close. Some of the others filed in, quickly selecting their prizes and going to a curtained room to the side. 

"Just wait until you see it unsheathed." Gregron commented. Claven stopped, turning, one of his eyes twitched. 

###chapter Seventy-four
For a moment, Damion worried Claven figured them out. He looked furious. "Do not tell me, you-you've been with him? The never smiling Gregron?" 

"He's still not smiling when I'm done with him." Damion stopped, smiling back at Gregron who's face had gone red. 

"He only likes me because I'm terrified of him." Gregron quickly added, wanting to keep the plan moving forward as quickly as possible. Closing the distance, he knew it wouldn't be hard for Gregron to look terrified or disgusted by his actions. "You asked why I brought him? Because he's my favorite so far. This is the look," he took Gregron's face in his hands and pointed it at Claven, "I like to have in my bed." Aveline, Chirbon, Gareth, Cala, and Jerellathrethial all stood in the doorway, mouths dangling open. 

"I've got to say," Chirbon cocked his head to the side, "This is not what I was expecting." 

"Why?" Claven looked annoyed. "He's old. He's... grumpy. And I'm so much sexier." He pulled off his robes, standing before them naked. His body was slim and soft, but well defined. Damion gave him a smile, turned to Gregron, mouthed the word 'sorry' to him and ripped open his tunic, stepping to the side and holding out a hand. Though older, Gregron was as large as Damion and just as toned and muscular, sun kissed after all the long hours they spent in the training yard. 

Claven swore, angry. Pushing through the room until he hit the back wall. Damion followed, anxious as hands grabbed at them as they moved through the room. "I'm going to get you back for this." Gregron whispered. 

Damion only made a sound in response, finally making it to where the prince waited for him. Claven pushed him against the wall pressing a dagger against his throat. "How do you like being the one afraid?" He purred. Gregron's hand moved toward his sword and Damion had to raise one of his hands in warning. He didn't believe Claven was really attacking. He was making a move. The blade moved down his skin, but gently. He used the dagger to slice through each of the buttons on Damion's tunic, slowly and deliberately, taking his time with each one. His hands rubbed over Damion's chest and stomach, "You are fucking fabulous." Dropping the dagger, he pulled at Damion's belt. His hand sliding further down. "Gods, Gregron wasn't lying." His hand wrapped as far around him as his pants allowed, and Damion gasped, closing his eyes. He felt the weight of his sword fall off his hip as Claven messed with the ties at the front of his pants, falling to his knees in front of him. 

Damion's foot came up, pushing against Claven's chest. He felt back, Damion picked up his sword and threw it toward Gregron. "You take care of that." Damion dropped down onto all fours. His hand went to Claven's jaw line. He searched for something he could say to convince him to show where the captives were. He'd been sure he was going to show them before he got jealous over Gregron. "Honestly, that was very sexy." Damion pulled the dagger up pressing it against Claven's skin. "You're sexy... No one has dared to try to scare me before." Grabbing Claven's wrists in one hand, he pressed them hard above his head, locking Claven's legs beneath his own and forcing them apart. He lowered his face so they were only a breath away. 

"What the what's wrong with your eyes?" He could see a sliver of fear rising in Claven's face. Though he could feel the beast lurking just beyond reach, he could never tell when it could be seen on his visage. 

"Ah that's better." Damion smirked, pressing the dagger to Claven's throat. "You wanted to play. You pulled this on me first. How do you feel now?" 

"I've never been so fucking excited." His hips arched up toward Damion, who dropped the knife and slammed him back down onto the ground. 

"Don't ruin what you've got going." He pushed Claven's face away, biting down on his shoulder. Claven cried out, squirming beneath him. Damion raised the dagger, pressing it against the sensitive skin at his waist, pulling it along until it made a slim cut over his skin. 

"Wait!" Claven yelled. "I don't like that much pain." He tried to push Damion off but couldn't. 

"Then let's add someone who we don't give a fuck about to the mix so that we can keep going. Or this will have to do. You'll just have to be good enough." 

He could see Claven's mind working through his words and could only pray they were enough. "Dammit." Damion backed away, sitting back. Claven stood, pushing at the wall which moved in and sideways at his command. "I will not just be good enough." Damion could barely believe his luck, not only did it work, but he was so caught up in the moment, he didn't even care the others had all seen what he was doing. Even if he failed, they knew where the slaves were. 

Damion took off his boots, making a show of it, too close to lose the ground he'd covered. From where this was about to go, he almost felt bad about playing Claven the way he was. Almost. As the women screamed and cried out, he felt the beast stirring. It was too close to the surface. Damion wouldn't be able to keep wrangling him in soon. The moment he saw into the room, he let his nihility magic go. The slaves here were shackled, and he needed them free before he could make his next move. 

Through the commotion, a female yelled, "I won't let you hurt them!" And a scream. 

"No, Aveline!" He heard another voice yell, but a hand hit him in the back and he reeled forward, and the beast roared from his chest. He landed on all fours, panting, as his arm wrapped around his check. 

"Once the charm takes you, I'm going to make sure you kill yourself-" she kicked at him with her small barefoot. 

"What the hell did you do!" Claven screamed, falling beside him. "You fucking bitch!" 

***

**Hello Readers. Hope you're enjoying the story so far. Leave a like or a comment and let me know what you think!**

###chapter Seventy-five
"You were going to let him attack those poor girls. I wasn't about to let you harm them. Kill me or not, he'll never get his deviant hands on them." 

Gregron yelled out, "Chirbon, now!" Pulling Damion's sword, he pressed it against Claven's throat, backing him away from Damion who was writhing on the floor. His body moved in strange ways as he let out the worst blood curdling screams-or roars-Gregron had ever heard. "What the hell did you do to him!" Gregron yelled at the fairy who stared as the others grabbed Reniza and Jaquisis, pulling them from their entertainment at sword point and holding them there. Though the second dwarf disappeared. It was Cala, Gareth, and Chirbon. "Whoever's free, to me, I have to go get the other women lose." It was Gareth who answered the call. Once Claven was under Gareth's sword, Gregron got in her face. "Make it stop!" 

"I... I can't!" Tears started streaming down her face. "What are you doing?" 

"We came here to see if we could rescue you and the Chiaro's daughter! The moment Damion heard Gareth's wife was here, pregnant no less, we knew we had to do something! Without him, we likely won't make it out of the damn palace! Now use your magic and free him from whatever-"

"I can't!" She screamed back, tears flowing. "It was an actual spell. A charm. His mind is lost, his magic will be mine in a few minutes, we'll have to work with what we have." Her shoulders slumped as Gregron moved through the room. 

"Where's the key!?" Gregron came storming back, grabbing Claven by the hair and pulling him up. 

"I should have known no one would find you more attractive than me." Claven spit in his face. 

Gregron brought his leg back, but a hand grabbed his ankle. "NO!" Damion screamed, pulling at him. "Armistice." He growled, rolling to his side. Gregron got down on his hands and knees beside Damion. "Hurry and go. No. Time." 

"Right. Anyone know where the key is kept?" 

A woman hanging from the wall who looked an awful lot like one the Chiaro folk called out, "It's usually in his robes! Likely a secret pocket inside the left breast." Gregron nodded, grabbing the robes. He sighed, holding the key tightly in his hand. He ran in, staring with the Chiaro. "Do you have an extra sword? I'm a warrior and can help fight." Gregron nodded, handing her Damion's sword once she was down. 

"I don't see Mary!" Gareth called, he was losing his focus as he looked through the sea of women. 

"I'll find her, pay attention!" Gregron called back. "Warrior." 

"My name is Cherbet, Master." 

"Are you the daughter of Chief Chirbon?" 

"Yes." 

"Do you know where the pregnant girl, Mary is?" 

"I do. You rescue them, I'll get her." She moved to another secret room, pulling open a movable wall. 

"Hey, Cherbet!" Gregron pulled his shirt off and tossed it at her. Most of these women were naked as the day they were born, not dressed like slaves. She nodded, but didn't put it on. Instead, she wrapped it around whoever she'd found behind the wall. 

"She's too weak, she's not going to be able to run."

Gareth called out, "Mary! Love! I'm here." Her head came up, her green eyes searching for her husband. "I'll carry her the whole way if I have to." 

"No." Gregron shook his head, going to Gareth as the slaves gathered round. "I can't fight. It's too much of a risk for the Kingdom of Thambair. I'll carry her. I'll take center for better protection, we won't take a chance she could be hurt. Cherbet, Chiron, one of you at the front, the other at the back. Gareth, Cala, you'll take right and left. Fairy!" 

"Aveline." She sneered. 

"Fairy, you're the reason we might not make it, so you keep center with me. Use your magic to keep the soldiers and Council off us. I expect you to take his place." Gregron said angrily pointing at Damion, who's screams only continued to grow worse. "I thought you said you'd have control of his magic soon. When is that going to happen?" 

"It already should have. I don't know it's never not worked before. But" she worried her lip. Gregron threw his hands up then stared at her, waiting for an answer. "Well, it's said if the target is truly in love with another, the spell will break, and-well, kill them." 

"No." Gregron whispered. They were out of time. At some point, the guards would catch on to what was happening. "Damion." Gregron dropped down again. His eyes were completely black, the black spiderwebs started to wind their way up his arms and neck. Further now than Gregron had seen before. 

Damion's arm shot out hitting him in the center of the chest. As he fell back, Damion got to his hands and knees and let out a god awful roar. "What is that!" Gareth yelled. Looking over. Damion's skin started to boil, and soon it was ink black from fingertip to elbow. 

"Nothing good! Let's go!" Reaching down, Gregron tried to get the coursebine pendant out of Damion's hair, but just couldn't. Eventually, he grabbed his danger, cutting it away with half of Damion's hair. "I'm sorry." He whispered, standing he went to Mary, wrapping her in Claven's robes, he pulled her into his chest. "Here, keep them in the sheath until it's time, only use them if you must." Handing her six weighted throwing knives. "Head toward the Tower of Mirrors. We need to go to Thambair. If they follow us, there's a whole army standing at the ready." 

Aveline turned pale. "You came here, knowing you were going to do this?" 

"Yes. And you're the one who will be explaining to Princess Volencia why her beloved couldn't come home." Gregron glared at her, but this was no time to fight. "Everyone, listen well. We're going to get out of here. Chirbon, you know the way?" He grunted nodding, putting himself at the fore. 

"If I leave the front, it will be to protect the rest of you, who will take lead?" Chirbon looked at the others. 

"I will," Gareth agreed. "I know the way. How many mirrors up?" 

"Five." Gregron answered automatically. "You all hear that? Worse comes to worse, get to the mirrors, the Princess in Thambair will help all of you. She's waiting for us even now!" 

"You've broken the Armistace. I will come for you." Claven growled.

"I've broken nothing. Not one of Volencia's folk have threatened you today. We do not wage war. These are not my men, and they are not of Thambair. Holding their wives and daughters hostage? This was your own doing. We're only here with support. Besides, you had Damion in your hairs all day." 

"Damion doesn't count you idiot." Claven said, smiling. "He'll die here, and there's nothing you can do about it." 

"Then he gave his life to them. There's no better heroism than that." Gregron looked at Damion. Something told him he wasn't going to be dead and gone. No. Something much worse was coming, and they needed to move. Now. 

Seventy-six

	Back in Thambair, Volencia and Venron hadn't left the throne room. Her father had sent for Gregron's Lieutenant General. Orders were given, and the in less two hours, the entire army was ready for the back lash of what Damion was likely doing at this moment. Volencia paced in front of her father's throne. Only sitting when he became so irritated with her that he yelled for her to stop. From there, she would sit for a while before continuing to pace. She knew that it was going to be a long and arduous ordeal, but the longer they were gone, the more anxious she became. 

	"Father, how much longer do you think it's going to take? I don't how much longer I can take this." Volencia asked, chewing on her finger. 

	"You're going to have to love. And asking me the same question constantly isn't going to change that." Venron looked up from the book he was reading. "We're ready for whatever will come. You aren't going to be able to change the outcome. Sit down and relax. It'll be better for you and the baby, Dear." 

	Volencia threw her hands in the air in exacerbation. "Not all of them, Father. What will I do if something happens to them? I can't live without him. I already know I can't do that." 

	"I know. So you've said. A hundred times. You'll just have to trust them." Venron tucked his nose back in the book trying to avoid her ranting. "Damion will do just fine and will be back soon. So, will Gregron."
	
	"How can you just sit there and act like nothing is happening?" Volencia asked, plopping down on her mother's throne beside him. 

	"I've had fifty horrible years of practice darling." This time, he didn't even lift his nose from the book. 

	Volencia craned her neck to see what he was reading. "What is that?" Shrugging, Venron lifted the immaculate black cover up so that she could see the book. He stared at her too long, and she suddenly remembered, he couldn't say everything he wanted. It was Necron's book. "Oh. I wish you could tell me about it." Her shoulders slumped and she let her head fall back. 

	"I'm sorry." Venron said, not looking at her. He'd gotten good at making small, non-committal comments. 

"Doesn't it kill you that there's nothing we can do?" 

	"It does. But wait we must." He said it just as the words were leaving her mouth. He already knew everything she would complain about and more. And even this conversation was stalling. "You get used to it." 

	"I never want to get used to this feeling." Volencia pouted. Crossing her arms over her chest. 

	Yaron, Lieutenant General of their army burst through the door and walked up to them, bowing as he reached the steps leading up to the dais. "Your Majesty, a blue lizard showed up at the gates. I know we're not supposed to let anyone in, but Damion described his brother, in detail, and I thought you should know that this lizard is on his way to the castle. I can stop him if you want me to." 

	"No."  Volencia jumped from her seat, bouncing. "Let him come. His name is Travion." 

	The Lieutenant nodded. "Correct." 

	"I need to see him." She couldn't help it, she started pacing again. "He's my brother." The Lieutenant locked eyes with her. "Damion's brother."

	"Fine." He nodded. Turning on his heels. "He'll be here shortly." 

	"Thank you." Volencia stepped down from the dais. "I need to know what's going on out there." Yaron stopped, turning to look at her. 

	"Your brother will be here soon. I want to get back." Yaron nodded. 

	Volencia turned to her father. "I'm going with him. If Travion is here, that must mean something." Venron looked at her in surprise but nodded. 

	"It will be good for you to focus on something else for a while. Lieutenant, I expect you to stay with the Princess and escort her back here with Damion's brother." Volencia grabbed Damion's sword, buckling it around her hip. Her father watched her curiously, while Yaron remained impassive. If there was anyone in Rhelia more serious than Gregron, it was the Lieutenant. As she pressed on her gown, walking forward, Yaron fell into step behind her. 

	"He's coming through the main entrance, correct?" Volencia asked over her shoulder. 

	"Yes, Your Highness." Pulling her skirts up, she raced down the stairs. She was so excited to see Travion. Especially right now. She would need his support if things didn't go as planned. A warm comfortable feeling curled in her chest as she flew out the front doors and saw him striding through the gates onto the castle grounds. Unlike when they were in Samanthia, today, he wore full pants, a large black tunic, and specially designed boots that covered his legs up to his knees. Volencia hadn't realized they had formal wear. 

	Remembering to keep some decorum, she stopped at the top of the stairs to wait for him. At first she bounced on her toes with excitement. But she felt a heat welling up, as cold sweats broke out over her skin. Shaking it off as nerves, she breathed in deeply. That was a mistake. Her lungs felt like they were on fire. As her vision narrowed into a pinpoint tunnel, she swayed. Knees giving out, she felt herself falling, and strong arms wrapped around her as a male's voice hollered orders. She didn't know if she had actually fallen and gotten hurt, or what was happening, but pain seeped into every pour and tore at every nerve. The last thing she saw was Travion running toward them. As blackness crowded her vision, everything else was drown out by the screams. 

* * * * 
	
	When Volencia finally came too again, she was cradled in Travion's arms. Her entire body shook in pain. It still felt like fire ran through her veins, but it was all starting to ebb as soldiers bustled around the room, trying to bring in a seat big enough for Travion. "Are you okay?" He asked softly, his large free hand pushing the hair from her face. 

	"No" She squirmed. "No. Something wrong!" She clung to his shirt. "Damion, he's in pain. He needs our help." Travion's thumb caressed her cheek, wiping her tears. 

	"I know. I've seen this happen to him before. He's going to be fine. His safety isn't what I would be concerned with. It's those who are about to cross his path." The pad of his large thumb wiped the tears from her cheek as she squirmed in his arm. That he could hold her perfectly fine with just one arm was alarming, because he wasn't letting her go. 

	"No, you don't understand-" 

	"I do, Volencia." The soldiers all around them bristled at him using her actual name, exchanging glances and watching them from the corner of their eyes. "There's a darkness in him, and it's coming out. Trust me. I've seen it more times than I cared for. It's dangerous and I can't let you go to him." 

	"I need to go help him!" Volencia squirmed again, fighting to get out of Trey's arms. A few of the soldiers looked like they were about to try to interfere. Not used to allowing anyone to man handle their princess. 

	Venron stood, waving at them to stand down. "Daughter, you need to listen. I'm sure if Travion thought Damion was in danger, he would be more than willing to go after him. If it's safer to stay here and wait, then that is what you will do. You have more to think about than just him." 

	"I won't just wait here!" She screamed, slapping Travion, "Put me down!" 

	"You're reminding me of Lenny throwing a tantrum because he's not getting what he wants. Which means, until you settle down, the answer is no." Trey's voice was hard as he held onto her. "What are you going to do? Run into enemy territory when you don't even know what's going on? Damion can hold his own. Relax." 

	"You have no idea-" 

	"I have every idea!" Trey shouted, Volencia froze in fear and shock. She'd not once heard him raise his voice while she was in Samanthia. "What I don't understand is how you could possibly know?" 

	"We were wearing coursbine to connect us. He said that if he called to me through it, it meant he needed help!" She pushed at the blue lizard's chest, still squirming and doing everything she could to get out of his arms. "He's calling for me! I may be the only one who can do anything!" Tears were still streaming down her cheeks and she just wanted to get to him. She knew something was wrong, and she had to do something. "Trey, please. Please let me go. I'm begging you. I need to know he's okay. I can't-I can't do this without him. What if he doesn't come home because I didn't go to him? Trey? I need to go!" 

###chapter Seventy-seven
"You can't do anything. If I let you go, he could kill either of us. You saw dad. Damion is the one who took his arm. On the day he was born no less. Then, years later, Damion took his eye and leg. He's taken lives, Lencia. Many of them. I can't let you go. I'm so sorry. I hope you know it's because I love you and him. But if he hurt you I would never be able to live with myself. He would never be able to live with himself." Travion's words finally hit home. 

Volencia froze, staring at him. "Why are you here? What did you see?" 

Looking away, Travion frowned. "Things. I wouldn't have traveled-" 

Just then the door to the towers burst open. Venron jumped from his seat, putting himself in the path of Lock, as he strode through the door. "What the hell are you up to?" Lock strode in, looking from Venron, smiling, to Volencia with a frown. "Are you aware there's a massive monster wreaking havoc in Belodia?" 

Though she felt a fool to be found in Travion's arm, she tried to sit up and failed. "What's happening?" She begged. Anything was better than nothing. Even if it came from him. 

"He's going to destroy the city. Innocent folk are being slaughtered." The long sleave of his robes flounced as he made a dramatic arch with his arm.

"There were those who were lost during your last raid on my city." She looked away, which led her to Trey's chest, and all she wanted was Damion. "I care about my folk too. There's nothing I can do." She gave Travion a serious look. 

"You're breaking the armistice." He finally looked at her. His eyes were alight, the smirk he wore telling. He wanted this. He'd been wanting all of it. 

"No." Travion walked forward. Looking up into his visage, his eyes had gone white. Just like they did when he had his visions. At least from what Damion had told her. This was the first time she'd ever seen it herself. 

"Excuse me?" Lock folded his arms over his chest, now glaring up at Travion as he slowly closed the distance between the two of them. 

As Travion placed Volencia on her feet, his arm wrapped around her shoulders, as if knowing the moment he let her go, she would try to flee. "Going to act as clueless as ever, aren't we? I'm the Watcher and Law Keeper. I'm disappointed that you still can't quite bring yourself to be honest with those involved about how all this works. You do realize you aren't helping anyone by taking that path?" 

"And we're not hurting our ultimate goal by doing so anyway. For some reason, you still care about how this ends for all three of the imprisoned. How long do we have to wait for our turn to shine?" Lock sneered, fisting his hands at his side in frustration. 

"Long enough for them to become the villains of their own story. The time is neigh. And your master's brother just realized it. If I didn't care for the twins, I would not have said so. But you should know, not all can have the happy ending they want. So, all shall receive the ending they deserve. That was the law written by Necron's own hand. You shall reap what you've sown. Unfortunately, time was not on your side. And Chihero has finally made his move." Volencia felt Trey's hand harden on her shoulder as she tried to squirm away while he was distracted. He clearly had no intention of letting her. 

Volencia watched the color drain from Lock's face. She'd never seen anyone from the Council look so terrified. "That means that beast" Lock stumbled, not quite falling to his knees but almost. Without another word, he ran back toward the tower, throwing himself through the doors. Venron chased after him, yelling for the soldiers to let him pass undisturbed.

"What does that mean?" Volencia looked up Travion. "I don't understand any of what you just said to him." 

Trey nodded, looking down at her. "Unfortunately, you will remain in the dark until you learn more from someone other than myself. As a piece of the puzzle not yet revealed, only Damion or Necron can answer many of your questions. And only Damion once he figures them out himself. One day, you'll have to call on Necron. Be prepared for a lot of heart ache when that day comes." Travion sighed, looking past her. "Unfortunately, that may happen sooner than later depending." His eyes closed, and when they finally reopened again, they were their normal magnificent blue. "I'm sorry." He knelt in front of her, his eyes now level with her own. Without another word, he pulled her into his embrace and kissed her forehead. "Damion and the others will be returning soon. We want to be in the tower when that happens." 

As he stood, she wrapped her arms around his massive forearm, both her hands each clung to one huge finger. Though they had spent plenty of time together in Samanthia, today was the first time he ever made her feel like a child. Why could he tell Lock things and not her? Who's stupid rules were they actually playing by? She ran through his words over and over again. He didn't seem to be threatening Lock. Though he gave him a warning about someone's brother. Did Lock even have a brother or were they referencing the twins? A dull pain started to throb at the base of her skull. Everything was so confusing. 

The soldiers lining the walls of the tower looked nervous. Her father stood before them, looking like all hell was about to break lose. When Volencia started trying to move closer to him, Trey's hand clamped down on her shoulder. "You'll be staying by me." His stern look told her he had no intention of letting her stay if things went badly. They wouldn't be moving any further away from the door, and he was prepared to whisk her away at any moment. What bothered her most was that in this moment, she knew what Trey was thinking and why he was really here. Lock wasn't the most dangerous piece on the board. Right now, Damion was.

###chapter Seventy-eight
Locke was panicking. He hadn't been this terrified for his brother since the betrayal. Only one entity throughout all eternity could bother Keye, and if they're back? A shiver ran down Locke's spine. Worse timing didn't exist. His foolish minion must be wrong. There's no way the Watcher would have told him anything. He would have known he wasn't speaking with either of the brothers, wouldn't he? Though, that hadn't stopped Quain from relaying what he wanted to say through him.

"Keye! I know you're in here!" Even using his magic, Keye wasn't about to let himself be found. Images of his brother's near lifeless body last time crept in on him, and he was pushing through every door and screaming at the top of his lungs as he raced forward. He had to be here. He had to be. If he actually left Locke couldn't bare the thought. THey've only ever had each other. He couldn't lose his brother now. Not after everything they'd done. Not after all this time. "Keye! Dam it! Grow up and come talk to me!" 

A young half-elf ducked out from one of the rooms that Locke had just swooped into long enough to verify his brother wasn't there. Dropping to her hands and knees, she called out. "Master. Your brother, he's down in the bathes." Her flaming red hair spilling over to conceal most of her face.

Locke stopped in his tracks, turning on his heals to stare down at her. "How do you know that?" 

"He wanted trays of liquor brought down. He asked for a few concubines too, Master. He swore that if we told you where he was he would do the same to us that he's doing to them." The little half-elf shook, bent over head pressed to the ground. Locke knelt before her. Between he and his brother, they rarely spared anyone mercy. Not after everything they'd seen and done. 

"Why then, are you telling me?" He asked, pushing her red hair away from her face. He was surprised that she was so pretty. The pretty ones didn't usually stay working as a maid long. 

"The other Master is in a bad way." The young maid cowered as Locke lifted her chin to force her to look at him. "I'm sorry." Her voice shook as she spoke, and her emerald eyes wandered to the side, refusing to look him in the eye. "I should not be telling you because he told us not to, but if he kills himself, all will suffer. At least this way, only my life is forfeit and the others remain safe." 

"How benevolent of you. If this information truly does save my brother's life, mercy will be bestowed upon you for betraying his trust in lieu of trying to save him. You may wait in my quarters for my return." Locke stood, striding back the way he had come. Usually, neither of them would be caught dead in the common bathhouse. He was shocked that his brother would go there, but it was a good hiding place if he didn't want to be found.

It took Locke a matter of moments to reach the bathhouse. As he threw open the doors, he knew he was in the right place. The water around them was tinged a reddish color, and though he couldn't make out anyone in the room, he wasn't surprised. The steam was so thick, he couldn't see more than a small amount of the large bath. "Keye. Are you in here?" Locke called as he stepped into the fog. He waited a moment for an answer. It was no shock that no answer came back. "I heard he's finally coming back. I was told you could confirm this for me, Keye." Locke frowned. He thought for sure he would get some sort of answer with that question. 

Locke sighed, waving his hand before him. The steam started to clear. Locke took a deep breath. His brother was in the back corner of the bath. A dozen bodies were strewn around him. Elves and humans. To Locke's surprise, even a dwarf was laid out on the walkway behind him which was shocking. "Oh, brother. What have you done?" 

"You heard. You know what I've done." Keye's head hung low. 

"Is it true? When you found out, why didn't you call for me?" Locke asked, prodding one of the bodies with the toe of his shoe. The smell of blood was intoxicating. "And why do this?" Locke asked waiving a hand at the corpses surrounding them. He wrinkled his nose realizing the few floating in the tub with him were starting to bloat. 

"What else do we do when liquor isn't enough?" His brother's head bowed more, his hair starting to stain in the water. "We messed up bad, Locke." Keye said with a shaky intake of breath. "He's going to hate us." His hands lifted to his face, and Locke could see the slits in his writs running from the base of his thumb down into the water. Once again, his brother was searching for a death he would never find. 

Locke didn't know what to say. For more years than could be counted, he had always been the one who delt with those who delt with the vessels. There had always been a reason too. Somewhere along the way, they had forgotten that, and Keye had wanted to pull his fair share finally. Of course, that would be when Chihero would make his move. Why not? It was the best course of action to get back at them for what they did. 

"We deserve it." Keye sobbed. 

"Why?" Locke said, his tone harsher than he meant it to be. For the first time, his brother looked at him. His eyes full of regret and fear. "In all our years, we haven't killed half as many folk as he did when he rampaged." 

"All he wanted was his son, Locke. His son. Who for all he knew was dead in a ditch. You should have listened to me. None of this needed to happen." Even as Keye sobbed into his hands, Locke watched the skin on his brother's arms stitch back together without any help from either of them. As it always was. They were cursed to live and wait for their judgement day. There was a sense of relief in Locke's chest. At least soon it would be over. 

Locke nodded, pulling the knife his brother had used to slice his flesh from his reach. "You were always right. It was a mistake. But one we finally have the ability to right. We've waited for this day for so long. We can't just give up now." 

"He'll hate me more than anyone. I fucked it all up." Keye started sobbing into his palms. For a while, Locke could only watch the red rivulets drip from his arms causing ripples in the water surrounding him. 

"Chihero waited for this moment." Locke said, easing himself into the water beside his brother. It was hot against his skin, and the thought of bathing in the diluted blood was sickening. "He has been waiting for you to finally make a move." 

"Of course he was." Keye's shoulders shook with his tears. "I deserve this." 

"Don't." Locke said definitively. "You are the last one who deserves his wrath." 

"No. I'm the first one. I still love him more than anything. I should never have betrayed him." Keye curled into Locke's shoulder finally. Clinging to his brother like his life depended on it, which was a joke. Their lives depended on nothing, and would end only when Necron finally chose to release them.

"We had to, Keye. He was out of control. You were the only one who could stop him." Locke said, wrapping his brother in his arms. "You had to do what you had to do. In the end, he has to forgive you." 

"He won't." Keye curled up in Locke's shoulder. "I wouldn't."

***

**Hello Readers! Leave a comment or a like and let me know that you're enjoying the story. Happy reading!**

###chapter Seventy-nine
The party moved through the halls as quietly as possible. Having gotten Claven and the others locked away with the concubines assisted with the escape for a good way through the palace. No alarms sounded, which worried Gregron to no end. Avaline, the fairy, was successfully using her magic to hide most of them, so as they walked by, what the bystanders saw were three Council members walking swiftly through the halls. They had been trained not to bother those who are on the Council, so they simply watched as the members rushed by. 

Gregron's heart skipped as platoon passed them by, one human's, a lieutenant by his uniform, eyed them more carefully than others. Other magic users would be able to feel the magic aura being used, and this was one of the first officers who had seemed to notice something was amiss. Chirbon proffered an arm, wrapping it around Gareth's shoulders, laughing aloud. "I tell you, friend, it's going to be more fun playing with these little fairies that are following us than you've ever had. Dwarf, where did our plaything go?" He stumbled, turning to look at Calazerthlegle, who swayed briefly before wrapping an arm around Avaline's shoulders and pulling her close. 

"Show yourself, wench." He grumbled, snapping the shoulder strap of her dress. As Avaline appeared, the soldier seemed appeased, turning his attention back to his platoon. Gregron wanted to laugh, watching the three of them act like drunkards. Though it would be cause for few questions. "Aye, fae magic will do the trick fer ya, me thinks. Who woulna want to be able ta tell a perty li'l thing like this exactly what tickles yer fancy?" 

Gregron shook his head, Cala was teasing her, but overall, they all looked like they belonged. He hadn't expected the vibe between them all would assist them with getting out. Avaline was actually pulling her weight, but he still worried about how long this would last. Damion's ominous warning from the night before seeped into his mind. He still questioned if he should have warned the others. Keeping his head low, and the others quiet as they ran through the halls was the hardest part. 

Something at the back of Gregron's mind was bothering him though. A dull ache throbbed at the base of his skull, just above his shoulders. Like a distant roaring of some nightmare brought to life. The closer to the entrance they got, the more pronounced the throbbing pain became. 

They all skid to a halt as they made it to the entrance hall. A line of soldiers blocked the exit, weapons drawn. With the other soldiers seeming to have no idea what was happening, they'd all started to gain hope that they would pass looking completely normal and of no threat. Clearly, someone had figured out something was going on. 

Avaline had hidden herself from view again. Even other Council members would be asked why they were trying to leave the palace with her. She stayed back with Gregron and the others as Chirbon and Gareth stepped forward. "What is the meaning of this? Our meeting is over and we're heading home now." Chirbon put a smile on, but his tone was hard, if any of them would have been able to intimidate the soldiers into moving he was it. 

"We've been warned something is wrong. The Captain is on his way and will approve you three to leave. Until then, no one will step foot outside the palace." A soldier stepped forward. Because of the additional metals on his uniform, it was clear he was the one in charge here. He also had elemental bands on the sleeves of his uniform, two water and one air. Which meant he had a degree of magic he could wield. The soldiers around him raised their weapons, making it clear, they would not pass. 

A roar erupted from the hall and Gregron turned in time to see a massive black shadow charging toward them. "This way!" Gregron shouted, tossing himself to the side, and pulling a few of the prisoners with him. Shocked looks were exchanged between the soldiers, and Chirbon, Cala, and Gareth perked up at his scream. As Gregron ferried the prisoners toward the wall, a slave elf screamed as one of the females she couldn't see collided with her and her wine decanter shattered on the floor. 

Gregron stared at the beast charging down the hall toward them and could hear weapons being drawn. The beast was twice the size of a war horse with dragon like features that could be seen as the shadows hit just right. The monstrosity slid into the fountain violently, sending half the structure flying through the room, taking out three soldiers as they splattered against the wall. 

"Stand strong men! No one leaves the palace!" The soldier called out, magic sparking all around them covering the entrance so that none could leave. 
Gregron watched as his own allies pulled their weapons too, as the monster focused toward them. The Captain could tell that he was sizing them up as more dangerous than the soldiers blocking the way. Gregron's hair stood on end, "No! It's Damion, don't attack!" Gregron yelled, pushing Mary into Cherbet's arms. "Get rid of the glamour! Now!" He dove between Gareth and the beast, waving his hands in the air. Too late, he realized, he didn't have to have Avaline remove the glamour. The beast could see through the magic. It took a step back. Trying to look at the thing head on was like trying to focus on nothingness. That place in your nightmares where you know there's a monster, some horror waiting in the recesses of the shadows. "Damion, it's me Gregron. Please-" 

There was a moment where Gregron could have sworn he could see eyes watching him from the recesses of the beast's face. Silver orbs scrutinizing their every movement. That was until a volley of arrows from the soldiers near the door started. The beast growled low in its throat as they iron points drove into the shadowy hide, as its attention turned toward them. A soldier ran for Gregron, sword high. Gareth swung, as Gregron was still preoccupied with wanting to make sure of all the things that killed them today, it wasn't his friend. "Come on, follow me. We're going to get out of here on Damion's tail!" Gregron didn't know if that would be true or not, but he prayed that it was. For all the time he'd known the young elf, he'd felt like he was a gift from the gods, and seeing him now, he couldn't help but wonder if it were true. This monster wasn't attacking them, at least not yet. He might be the salvation they needed to get out of the city. Bodies flew as slaves screamed, scrambling to get out of the hall, disappearing into side nooks and fleeing through the various entrances. 

"Avaline," Gregron called, handing Cherbet his sword as he pulled Mary into his arms again, "lets get us all hidden again. If the city thinks that the only thing they're facing right now is that thing, we might be able to just stay on his tail and make it through." Chirbon, Cala, and Gareth were sword deep in the fight as the beast quickly took down all the soldiers at the entrance. When he was done, those silver orbs swept over them again. 

"Ye sure this is Damion? How the hell can ye tell?" Cala wiped the blood from his blade, but didn't sheath it. The beast focused its eyes on Gregron, slowly closing in on him step by step. Gareth inched closer too, uneasy over the thought of this thing getting too close to his wife. Mary curled deeper into Gregron's shoulder, whimpering as the thing closed in on them. 

"He said something like this could happen. That it would if there was no other choice. He was going to try to avoid it at all costs." Gregron's heart hammered against his rib cage. Damion had also explained it would be volatile and that he should be prepared to fight him too. Gregron couldn't bring himself to fight Damion though. He had known last night when they spoke about it that he wouldn't be able to, but he'd avoided telling Damion that. As far as he was concerned, it would have been akin to killing his own son, considering how likely it was that he would have been Damion's father and knowing how special he really was. "Damion, you need to get us out of here. Can you clear a path that we can try to follow? Help us get them out. And remember," he pulled the robes off Mary enough to show off her condition, though he couldn't tell if Damion could recognize or understand anything he was actually saying, though those piercing silver eyes continued to become more intense, "We need to be as careful with Mary as we possibly can."

Snorting, the beast's head raised, looking toward the halls leading into the palace. Growling, he went to the door. Gregron waived for the others to follow and he felt the glamour of the fairy magic wash over them as Avaline hid them from view. The others flanked them as they stumbled over the shredded bodies of the soldiers that had tried to prevent them from leaving. 

###chapter Eighty
The city opened up into bustling streets. A bunch of folk just going about their day scattered in terror as the beast took each step separately, taking each slowly. Getting through the center of Belodia was far easier than Gregron had expected. He had thought they would try to stop them immediately when leaving the palace, but that didn't seem to be the case. Though there were soldiers and mages that came in to attempt to stop the shadowy beast from making his way through the city, there was no wall of soldiers nor the other council members here to really put up a fight. It was like they were testing the best way to hurt the beast, but keeping their distance. Enough to have him growling in their direction, but not enough to take him off course. 

The folk of Belodia didn't wait around to learn more, the streets were cleared after they saw a monster walking through their streets. The warriors and Gregron whispered between themselves concerned with what the army was waiting for. Though Gareth was the one who brought up the point; they didn't want to destroy their city. They weren't an overtly rich country to begin with, and Claven had been working to build up the city to the best of his ability. It would be a pity for the folk living here if they destroyed all that. They were being allowed to go through the city. The thing that worried Gregron most about this set up was that they knew where they wanted to fight and were preparing to take them down even now. It's what he would do.

The further from the palace they got, the more the warriors worried. The folk further out were much rougher. They didn't run like the others, their eyes watched eagerly from alleyways. If Avaline didn't have them covered with the glamour, they would have been eaten alive by those men.  It wasn't until they reached the outskirts of the city, where the poorer populous lived in the tents spread out over the rolling sand dunes.  

	Not far from the city, they were met by a wall of soldiers. Damion dove headfirst into the fray, tearing the soldiers limb from limb. They attacked him only at first, but as the soldiers started to try to surround him, they were able to successfully block him away from the escapees. Cala's shield trembled around them. The warriors, brandishing their weapons, leapt into the battle, Avaline's glamour fell away from them as they fought. Though many of those fighting had realized that there was a shield in the middle of the battle. Cala and Avaline both shook in desperation, trying to make sure to keep their magic up and working as other mages attacked their small bubble of protection. 
	
	Just when Cala called out, that the shield was going to fall, the beast came storming through. His blood smearing on the invisible shield surrounding them. Circling, he made a small birth between the attackers and the rescue crew, somehow perfectly aimed to not touch any of those who were fighting on their side. Avaline cried out, "I'm going to drop the glamour, they know we're here. I need to help fight!" She screamed and Cala only grunted in reply, watching his wife leave the circle of protection he held. 
	
	A murmur went up through the battlefield. It was shocking to suddenly see naked women appear in the middle of a battle filled street. Though they were able to hold their own for now against the others, they were stopped here in the center of the streets. Avaline was trying her damndest to make a path with her magic that could keep them moving, even if slowly, but they were being cut down too quickly and she wasn't able to actually get anywhere. Roars resounded as two massive shadows swooped down out of the sky. 
	
	Avaline dove down into the shield, "Dragons!" She cried. "This can't get any worse." 
	
	Screams erupted around them as the dragons spewed flames all over the battlefield, burning their enemies. Folk ran around, catching others on fire. Arrows and magic were now aimed away from them as a wall of fire block the road they had come from and blocked their enemies advances from the side. The beast that had helped them get this far seemed to turn and watch the dragons for a moment before continuing his killing spree. The women around Gregron whimpered in fear, huddling closer to him. "I think if they were after us, they would have targeted us from the beginning. Look, their flames are purposefully avoiding the street we're on. And they are backing up Damion." 
	
	"Maybe that's not Damion at all!" Avaline cried, her eyes wild with fear. "What if he's just another dragon, looking to get us out of here to keep us as a meal of their own?" She wrapped her arms around her chest, her eyes following the flight of the dragons. 
	
	"Why would they target us for a meal when there are a hundred other folk here they could eat?" Gregron snapped. Still angry that she had hurt Damion, possibly even sentenced him to death with that damn charm. 
	
	"Maybe they want something else from us? Dragons haven't been seen for a hundred years, and they just show up, today, to save us? Do you know a dragon or something? You on friendly terms with them?" Her cheeks turned bright red, but Gregron only glared at her. 
	
	"Either we use this as potential to get out of here and just accept it, or I send you back to that mad man. Which would you have me do?" Gregron called, standing as a path opened up before them. "Come, lets move while we still can." He knew it was dangerous, but not taking the opportunity presented at this time would only guarantee their deaths. Between the black beast fighting with them, and the dragons added fire power, they were clearing a path. A wall of fire on either side of them and behind them kept those trying to attack them from getting too close. 
	
	The roars of the beasts and the screams of the dying sent shivers down all their spines. Garthe, Charbet, and Chirbon came back, still wielding their weapons, flanking them. Cala held the shield to prevent flying arrows from hitting, but it wasn't as overwhelming now that bodies weren't being flung at the shield trying to break through. Though they couldn't see what was happening with their black monster protector anymore. And it left Gregron worried he would be further harmed. 
	
	A howling roar sounded through the city, sending goosebumps over Gregron's arms and nape of his neck. At the same time, the ground beneath them trembled, opening up into a crevice that would be difficult for them to get over. Swearing under his breath, he tried to see out past the fire walls surrounding them but couldn't tell what was going on.  
	
	"That's my father's magic! Watch the ground!" Avaline called out, flittering higher for a better view. As vines started to protrude, those with weapons attacked back, trying to keep the vines from being able to hurt anyone. Though they were trying to fight them off, the vines were coming in faster than they could keep them back. Soon, the vines were wrapping around the women they were trying to rescue. Their screams caught the attention of the black beast. As he came bounding through the fire wall. This only made the women panic more, even though he was clearly trying to help them get out of the city.
	
	The beast went to where the vines were growing from the ground ripping them out by the roots. As he did this, the dragons were attacking anyone who looked like they were going to try to make it through their hellfire walls. As an ice mage came to the front to try to pull the walls down, the smaller red dragon dove for him, and one of the maids with them fainted as his leg landed with a thud in the sand in front of her. Chirbon, cursed throwing the woman over his shoulder as he watched the bluish-purple dragon extend the fire wall on each side. 
	
	"Let's move!" Gareth yelled, pressing ahead. Though there were soldiers who weren't cleared out of their way, Cherbet and Gareth were enough to protect them. The fugitives froze as the ground trembled, breaking apart before them into a wide crevice. The black beast was out of the fire wall quickly, going back on the attack. "What the hell are we supposed to do now?" Though his sword was still at the ready, but there was no one to fight. The heat from the protecting fire simmered and he wiped his brow with his sleeve. 
	
	Avaline put her hand on Cala's shoulder. They were far enough away that the other's could only see the seriousness in their faces as they spoke quietly. Though Cala kept up his shield, he frowned, nodding and Avaline flittered over to the group. "Chirbon, you and your daughter have nihility magic, right?" She cocked her head to the side, looking at him expectantly. 
	
	Nodding, Chirbon agreed. "Yes." 
	
	"Can you use it as a type of shield to protect against arrows and magic if they start to fly?" Avaline asked. She quickly continued as the Chirobi's eyes narrowed at her. "If Cala can drop the shield, I think we can converge our magic together to create a bridge that will hold long enough for us to get over that. Once we do, we'll be at the home stretch and nearly to the tower." Avaline pointed to where the tents were thinning, and the dunes rolled. Even from here, they could see the tower spire stretching toward Kumaris. "We're so close, I can taste it."
	
	"Nihility is hard. We won't have a lot of time. Can you work quickly?" Chirbon's voice was thick, and he was clearly tired.
	
	"We'll have to. We need to move as quickly as possible. Cala isn't going to be able to keep up this pace much longer." The dragons above roared, veering toward the tower and Avaline's heart dropped. She was pretty sure she needed them for this to work. "No! Where are they going?" Her head turned, watching as they flew away. 
	
	"They're bringing another to help."  Chirbon answered. Everyone looked at him suspiciously, but no one brought up the question that was on all their minds. How could he possibly know? Instead, Cala dropped the shield and Chirbon and Cherbet raise their arms and magic to block out any attack they could. Though they would not be as well served even together as Cala's shield.  
	
	*** 
	
	**Did you get to see the new cover? I'm really excited about it. Hope you all enjoy the ###chapter. Leave a comment for support.**

Eighty-one
	Cala moved slowly toward Avaline, who was already standing before the crevice, working her magic. Much like her father's magic, she was growing vines from the ground. As Cala stepped in, the earth trembled as dirt and sand sprayed into the breeze. Though the magic moved at Cala's pace, which was slower than Avaline's, a dirt bridge supported with thick vines was made. Avaline waved the others forward, not wanting Cala to have to hold it up for too long. But there was no one to fight for them now, and soldiers were crowding around the other side. Gareth hesitated, knowing he wouldn't be able to take them all on. 
	
	The moment his foot touched the bridge, a roar rang out, and the soldier waiting for them on the other side flew back, as massive black horns smashed against them. One soldier was quick enough to jab his sword in the beast's face before he was trampled underfoot. The beast turned back to the elf that was barely alive removing his head with his massive jowls. It was clear the beast was tiring. Its breathing had become labored, and it was moving more slowly. Arrows and swords protruded from the thing like a porcupine's quills. Gareth dropped the sword to his side as the beast stopped at the bridge and looked over at him. It didn't even turn as the red dragon charged back, blocking the other soldiers from being able to close in on them. 
	
	Gareth gasped as he saw it, the sword that the soldier had jammed into it's face has hit it square in the eye. Sheathing his sword, Gareth held his hands up like a white flag as he made his way toward the beast. "I don't want to hurt you. But we need to get that out of there." The creature clawed at the ground, but let Gareth walk up to it. As he did this, the other escapees followed, trailing behind by Avaline and Cala. 
	
As the red dragon dropped to the sand behind the beast, the women shied away from the monsters, clinging to each other. Chirbon was nodding in silent conversation with the creature. Gareth knew he could do this with others who carried the nihility magic, but hadn't realized it was good for talking to dragons. "Something is happening near the tower, the other dragon went to intervene. The Council members have gathered there, so we should have an easier time making it there. Getting past them, into the tower, will be the hardest part." Chirbon pointed his sword forward where they needed to go. "The dragon and the black beast shall continue to work as our shields as best they can." 

The beast let out a terrifying roar as Gareth pulled the sword from it's eye, putting as much pressure on the tender flesh to keep the eye from coming out of the socket. "Here." Gareth pulled his tunic off, pressing it to the eye. The beast shook him off though, taking shaky steps away from them. "Is it going to be okay?" Gareth turned to Chirbon and Gregron. One shrugged and one shook his head.

"We can only hope so. Unlike with the dragons, I cannot really speak to him properly. He's in a lot of pain right now, that's all I can tell." Chirbon said, watching the beast. 

Gregron repositioned Mary in his arms again, "My princess is going to kill me when we return." He sighed. The dragon lifted off the ground, creating more fire walls for them to move through. The beast didn't run off into the crowd like it had earlier. Instead, it lead them on the path to the tower. When magic came in, the beast put himself between the caster and those he was helping to escape, and it fizzled out without ever actually reaching them. The closer they got to the towers, the less the soldiers seemed to gain leverage on them, which worried Gregron. It made more sense for the fight to become worse the closer they got, why would they be backing off? The beast stumbled. As if being in the middle of battle had been the only thing that had kept him going. The closer they got to the tower, the more nervous they all became. 

The area was charged with the likes of magic Gregron had never felt before. From here, they could see the entire tower shimmering with glowing manna. Likely the council members holding the tower hostage. How they would make it past the council was a question everyone in the group worried about. The purplish dragon was nowhere to be seen, but they could hear it in the distance. Both the dragon and the beast seemed to tense as they grew closer. The beast, raising its muzzle in the air seeming to smell something. His head whipped back to look at them for no more than a moment before he went bounding away from them heading for the tower. They were far enough out of the city by now that the soldiers hadn't followed and the red dragon stayed with them.

"The princess of Thambair has come. She is holding the tower from the council." Chirbon's eyes swept over the worn and haggard crew. "Perhaps, we should split up." His hands twisted one of the long dred locks falling over his shoulder in thought. 

Gregron had placed Mary in Gareth's arms and they were sitting currently as they thought up a plan. "I'm not entirely sure this is a risk we should take. What advantage would there be to splitting up?" Gregron watched Chirbon.

"Well, I think you should take the women and head around the tower. Avaline can cloak you all and possible to get you close enough where the princess can get you in the shield. You'll at least be able to get them to safety as planned. Cala, Gareth, and I can create a distraction with the dragons. We're not going to get through the other council members easily, especially with them and you carrying Mary." 

"Are you going to be able to make it that far with her? You were starting to look tired." Gareth asked, watching Gregron. 

Rubbing the back of his neck, Gregron sighed "I am about at my end. But I also can't fight because of an armistice agreement that Thambair created with the council." 

"Then be the shield." Cherbet said, and everyone turned to look at her no longer just naked but bruised and bloodied as well. Though every time someone tried to offer her clothes, she simply passed them off to one of the others. Gregron found he couldn't keep eye contact, so opted for turning away. "I'll take Mary with me. I wouldn't have made it this far with her as you have, but I can carry her to the tower." 

This brough Gregron's eyes around again. Looking at the Chirobi's small frame, he worried. But she wasn't like others. She had held her own and was a good warrior. Her magic skills were better than his own too. His hesitation came from knowing she would be a better shield. "I have nihility magic, but it's not strong. You would be better served helping to protect the others." 

"Perhaps, but this will all be for naught if you can't get the others to safety. Not only will you need to get them to the tower and into the shield, you'll need to do so quickly while the distraction still works. None of the others can do this, as you'll all be the ones the council will expect to see. If none of the imprisoned show for the battle, they may assume we're in hiding. It'll given us a better advantage." 

Chirbon was nodding his head in agreement, though Cala was grumbling. "If you have reservations or a better plan, now's the time to share." Gareth squinted at Cala. 

The dwarf huffed, "It's just, more than I was expecting. Some of us will die here, and I'm fully aware I will be the first target. Other than mayhap, Gregron, considering what they did today there are probably some hurt feelings there." Cala gave him a long glance before looking away. "We don't know what's become of the beast. Only that the protection the princess evoked still stands."

"They could just as likely go after any of us." Gareth said, looking up from his wife solemnly. "We're all traitors now." 

It was Chirbon who shook his head, "Calazerthlegle is right. His magic will be the first they'll want to extinguish. Especially because his magic works well with Avaline's. They won't want to keep him around. He's also not needed to maintain order in Aidelzeg." Chirbon frowned at Cala, obviously uneasy. 

Cala waived his hand in in the air, "Does nay matter though, it's nay like I won't go running inta battle." His eyes skimmed over Avaline who was curled into his side. "I'd give my life a hundred times over afore I give up and let them get her back." He lifted her face to his, kissing her forehead lightly, "And ye better stay with Princess Volencia an not go running back to Quimbled to keep fighting. If yer father gets ya again" 

Flittering up, Avaline pressed her lips to his to stop him from talking. "I'll do my best, but it is important to win this fight. Though now that Thambair is joining and already looking to make more allies, we might actually stand half a chance again." The glimmer in her eyes as she looked around at the motley crew made Gregron's chest swell. Damion had been right the whole time. This was exactly what the different kingdoms needed. Even if they didn't get Damion back, this plan was worth it. 

The allies formed here and now would be invaluable in the fight against the Empirical Rule they were trying to institute. Gareth's eyes swept over the shivering slave women, and they all wondered how many more would be born simply because they refused to leave any one behind. 

However, they weren't out of the desert yet. Gregron was pretty sure that the Council Members would look to kill the women before allowing them to escape. "We'll just all need to be-" Gregron was cut off by a beastly scream. His head whipped around, looking toward the tower. Panic rose in his chest and he stumbled a few steps before his mind started working out that Damion was in trouble. Behind him, he could hear Gareth and Chirbon calling orders, and the thunder of their feet behind him. The General could only pray, he wouldn't be too late to do what he could for him.  

***

**Pre warning, the end of book one is coming to a close in just a few ###chapters. ;) So it will be on hiatus, so I can focus on other stories. The Trials of Rhelia: Book One will be on sale soon, too.**

###chapter Eighty-two
Gregron sprinted over the sand dunes. His body was tired, and his legs felt heavy as he sank in the unstable terrain. As he crested the last dune before reaching the tower that would lead them all to salvation, Gregron froze. A group of soldiers surrounded a huge pile of vines, covering something darker than shadow trying to scrape it's way through. Their swords ready to strike for the kill. The remaining council faced the tower with mage covered with a large black cloak. Every eye went to the elven woman standing alone at the tower entrance, wielding a glowing blue and purple sword, which shook in her hands. Her simple white dress may have hidden the importance of her standing, but as the breeze caught her long black hair, there was no denying who had come to face the attack. Gregron's heart froze in his chest, tightening dangerously. "No." He whispered. 

The Princess of Thambair was glaring at the men who had tried to take her prisoner not a full moon ago. Her stance may have been wobbly under the heavy sword she kept pointing at them, but her glare was fearless and unflinching. But Gregron was afraid for her. He knew she couldn't use the magic in the sword without risk to herself. Especially if they couldn't get Damion back. He knew Volencia would have no clue what had happened with the charm, and therefore would assume that Damion would simply be able to turn back without issue once that beastly form was no longer needed. Above them, the dragons circled. Even they didn't dare attack with Damion under two dozen swords.

The tide had truly turned against them. 

"So, what shall it be, vessel? Life or death?" Seeing Claven among them watching the man in a dark cloak nervously made Gregron even more tense. Even his own didn't trust whoever was under that cloak. 

"I will not submit to the likes of you. Let my Damion go." Though her body shook, there was an underlying strength in her voice. 

"What do we do?" Gareth asked, watching the scene before them with wide eyes. 

The General didn't have time to answer. The man in black raised his arm and the soldiers behind him mimicked the movement with their swords. Chaos ensued. Volencia charged out from the safety of her shield, raising Damion's sword, screaming as she ran. Gregron threw his body forward with her, screaming as he unsheathed his own weapon, racing toward the soldiers behind the council. His own war cry echoing off the dunes and rock pillars around them. He could hear the others cry out behind him, catching the council off guard as they all turned, except for the cloaked man. He continued to stare at the elf charging at him, her white dress billowing around her. 

To their great surprise, Claven waived his arm toward the soldiers and they flew away from the trapped beast. He spun angrily to the man in black. "You fucking coward!" 

A deep chuckle resonated around them, as Volencia's blade swung toward the cloaked figure and he disappeared from sight. 

Not being a warrior, she wasn't able to stop or redirect herself, and he had been standing closes enough that with the weight of the sword and the velocity of her run and swing, she continued straight toward Damion. A terrified scream ripped through her as she tripped over a fallen soldier and the sword flew, driving into the center of the vines. The beast screaming in pain, and everyone close enough to him covered their ears. 

The dragons waisted no time diving into the fray, each landing on either side of the trapped beast, ripping the limbs and necks from the soldiers. Reniza, the fairy, was flying high above them to stay away from everyone else. When the soldiers were taken care of, the red dragon immediately set its sights on the fairy king. But the black winged fairy was too fast and the dragon wasn't able to catch him. Volencia was now sobbing, digging at the vines, with her fingers, screaming incoherently. 

Gregron knelt beside her, pulling her back. Taking out a small dagger, he started cutting. The plant oozing over his hands and the beast. There was a shifting under the vines, and Gregron realized that the beast was shifting. 

Digging through, he had expected to see Damion, back in his normal form. But he wasn't. Instead, he took on a reptilian form that was closer to what the Samanthian's looked like. He struggled to get to his feet, and though he was similar to them, he was smaller and thinner than them in general. Volencia, like Gregon, seemed to know that it was Damion. As he crawled out from under the large green wriggling mess, she threw her arms around his shoulders sobbing. He didn't react to her as Gregron would have expected. Instead, he crawled out, half dragging her with him. His black eyes swept over what was happening, from the massacre to the council members fighting. His eyes caught on Gregron for a moment, and as his lips pulled back in a snarl, he stumbled, having to hold himself up to keep from falling on top of Volencia. 

She dropped from him, as he stood to nearly his full height. At the moment, he looked more like a Samanthian than a dragon, but not fully. His claws were still incredibly sharp, even as he held the open wound at his side, Gregron grimaced at the site of those claws scratching against his scales. If he had his normal flesh, he would have been cutting himself open. Just as Volencia turned to see the others fighting, Jaquisis got the better of Chirbon, who was taken aback by the beast change. 

That moment of confusion was enough to seal his fate. Chirbon tripped as he stepped back, trying desperately to keep Jaquisis from gaining too much ground, but as he fell, the elf swung his sword in a wide arc. 

A scream came from the tower, and a woman sprinted toward them. Damion stepped in front of Volencia, but Gregron threw himself toward Cherbet. She still didn't have a weapon. He pushed her back, "Go! He's gone. We can't lose you too!" Gregron fought the woman, pushing her back. She screamed, and kept trying to get through to her father, who's head stared up with terror filled eyes toward Volencia. 

The beast let out a roar, rivaling that of the dragons, and scooped the princess up over his shoulder as he held her with one claw, and ran on his other three appendages. The women were safe in the tower and halfway up the stairs, but Damion only started to scale the wall instead of waiting, heading toward their exit. "Damion! Stop! My magic will fail if you go through there! Stop!" Damion wasn't stopping though. 

Avaline took a stance on the main floor of the tower, and used her magic to grow vines like her father's. Which wound around his legs and tail. He turned, baring his teeth at her, growling. "Get everyone in here! Now! You won't stop him long." Her hands were touching Damion anywhere she thought might help to get through to him. 

Gareth and Cala came running in behind Gregron. That was everyone they needed. The three of them ran up the stairs as quickly as they could, pushing everyone with what they had trying to get them through the mirror's opening. The beast nipped at their heels as they scurried past him. Volencia tried to cover his head with her arms, dangling awkwardly over his shoulder, yet trying to half stand against his body while using the stone wall behind her as leverage. He was harmless to them though, not actually striking them, he just made everyone nervous. Volencia tensed as she saw the council members glaring through the tower door. The shield still held, and none of them were actively trying to get through the magic, which only made her more nervous. 

Gregron guided the women through the mirror that lead to Thambair, as Gareth took control of his wife again. Once everyone was through, Gregron looked down at the beast, who still clung to the wall of the tower, just below the stairs he stood on now. "Come on, let's go." Gregron watched as the beast's muscles bulged as he pulled himself up. Still holding onto the Princess awkwardly. "Why don't you go first. Damion was very strange the first time we went through the mirror, we could have gotten stuck in it then. With him in this state, I worry he'll be more tempted to not go straight through to Thambair." 

"I can't leave him." She said, straining her body into a curve so she wasn't dangling upside down over his shoulder. "Besides, the moment I hit the mirror, my shield will fall. I have to be the last to leave." Her eyes skittered toward the door where the council still watched angrily. 

The beast started to stumble. Volencia felt her fingers dig into his shoulder, her stomach lurching as he swayed dangerously. Gregron's hands grabbed the beast, trying to steady him on the stairs. Just as the beast was falling back, Gregron snatched at Volencia's waist, and she pulled from it's grip painfully as the large, inky black body rolled away. Thudding down the stairs, a growling roar reverberated around the stone tower. "Damion!" Volencia wriggled out of Gregron's grasp, following the beast as quickly as she could. Gasping, she leaned hard against the wall, putting her hand to her side. As she pulled it away, her fingers were red and sticky. She grimaced as she pushed her fingers at her side again. The gash split her sin in two, it felt like her side was on fire. But she had more important things to worry about. 

He hadn't slid down the entirety of the stairs, but he was breathing erratically and strained. His eyes were closed. His body still. Volencia knelt beside him, trying to use her magic to heal him. Like other attempts, when his magic was high, healing magic didn't work. "Oh, my love." She pressed her hand against his forehead, letting her eyes explore his scaled skin. It was impossible to tell how wounded he really was. Everywhere was covered in blood, but his scales were so dark, the only thing that even told her that it was there was when it wiped off on her hand and that he looked damp. Gregron disappeared for a moment, before coming back with some soldiers. Travion came through, wearing a scowl that made Volencia's skin crawl. He wasn't happy that she had run off to try and rescue Damion, especially after she locked him on the other side of the mirror. Not all the soldiers were particularly fond of the lizardman who proceeded them. Glares followed Travion, but quickly disappeared as they set their eyes on Damion. Her eyes looked up to him, brimming with tears. "I'm so sorry. We need to get him home." 

###chapter Eighty-three
"I can't take him through the mirror like this." Travion shook his head. 

"You must! He can't stay here, and I'm not going to be able to hold this shield much longer. Please, we need to get him home." Volencia clung to his shoulders, touching his cheek, and curling her fingers with his. Her white dress was covered in blood. 

A young soldier, one she felt like she should be able to recognize, came forward ducking under Travion's arm. "We'll get him home." The young elf said, hunkering down next to the black beast. 

"No, we need to wait until he turns back to his normal self." Travion shook his head, jumping over the side of the stairs. He was tall enough from where they were that it put his head near Volencia's lap, where she stroked Damion's brow. "Right now, he's using so much of his nihility magic, we can't safely walk him through the mirrors. I know you don't want to wait, and here is the worst possible spot for him to recover but-" 

"Trey, we can't wait here. We can't. Within the hour, I won't be able to keep that shield up. I can't heal him here. I can also feel the magic of this place sucking the life out of him. If we don't do something now, we run the risk of loosing him." Volencia reached over for Travion's hand. "Please. I can't risk losing him. And we're running out of time." She gripped his blue fingers, tears rolling down her cheeks. 

"Those mirrors were made from evil for intentions far beyond the desire for faster travel. Can't you feel it when you're in there? If we walk Damion through like this, we run the risk of bringing more than him back with us." His eyes flicked to the tower door, where the others were watching. Claven's was watching them with large lavander eyes, wearing an anxious smile. "We'll just be playing into their hands further. I can't explain it, but I don't think this is something we should do lightly."

"Another vision?" 

"An old vision. I can't say this is the exact moment but-"

"Trey, is it so bad that you would let him die here?" Leaning forward, she pressed her forehead against his, leaving a bloody handprint on his cheek. 

"What if I told you we run the risk of destroying the world?" Trey gripped her hand, like their lives depended on it. "What if thousands would then die in his stead?" 

"We don't know that for sure. Do we?" Volencia's heart was pounding. She didn't know what Travion had seen that had him so concerned. But she knew that if he wasn't terrified, they wouldn't be having this discussion and he would have taken Damion out of there with her. Something wasn't right. And she knew it. "Trey, I know you love him. I know you would never abandon him if you didn't think it was completely necessary. What if the vision doesn't come to pass though? What are the actual chances? And are we really going to be okay with losing him? What if he really is part of the answer to bringing the world back to balance? What if we're supposed to go along with the prophecy? Do we really want to take that chance?" 

Volencia shuttered, but Damion's inky eyes opened to look up at his brother. She could tell even now he was struggling. With a rattling shake of his rib cage, he tried for a deeper breath, before spitting up a deep burgundy red. Travion swore, his own eyes welling up with fear for his brother. 

"I I don't know. I can't be responsible for it though. If it was anyone else, I would never agree to this. I don't want to give up on my brother any more than you want to give up on your lover. I just-" Volencia covered his mouth awkwardly with both hands. 

"Then don't." She frowned, "I'm not losing Damion to a maybe. Go back, and I'll take full responsibility for whatever may happen."

"I haven't even told you what could happen." Travion's eyes got wide as he watched her. She could see the very real fear shining in the oceanic depths of his gaze. 

Volencia nodded, "It's fine. I don't need to know anything about the eventual possibility. Because it won't make a difference right now. At least if I get him home and healed, we still stand a chance at saving him. The longer we sit here talking though" the silence that hung in the air was suffocating, but no one wanted to speak those words aloud. 

Travion backed away. Sighing, he walked to the bottom of the stairs, slowly moving up toward them. "Let's start heading back." Waiving away the soldiers, he knelt down to Volencia's side, his arms resting on his knees. "You sure you're ready to take on this responsibility? I can't promise it won't hurt you both in the end." 

"At least I'll still have him. That's what matters most." Volencia said, wiping the tears from her eyes. 

The lizard moved slowly, gently, as he put his arms under the beast. Lifting his large black head first, he placed it over his shoulder, lifting the rest of the body and wrapping it half way around his torso in a strange way. "Now, I don't know if you remember, but you need to wrap your tail around my leg so you don't kill us both by tripping me." Travion stood slowly, adjusting the beast in his arms. The inky black tail obediently wrapped around Trey's leg numerous times. Though it still looked cumbersome, it was much better than that tail whipping around and ultimately, as Trey had said, tripping them and having them fall back down the stairs or fall over the side. Taking the steps slowly, they made their way back up, the soldiers watching the group suspiciously. "Head on through, I've got him, and the princess will be right behind me."  

The soldiers exchanged glances, but it was the one who looked familiar that spoke, "Is that really Damion? And my Princess, are you sure you're going to be okay?" 

"It truly is Damion. I can only pray he'll be alright. And yes, please, listen to Travion. Head back. We'll be right behind you. He wouldn't let anything happen to me any more than all of you." She smiled, trying to make sure they understood that she was being completely honest. The group listened, and the soldier who had spoken was the last to leave. Before stepping through the mirror, he looked back at them with worry. Volencia waved him on, and he turned into the silvery shine, disappearing back into the safety of Thambair.

"Hold onto me as we enter the void. I'm not sure what will happen, but I know we need to stay together. We need to make sure none of us get lost in here." Travion side glanced at her as best he could, between the large horns over his shoulder. 

"I'll hold on." 

"No matter what happens, we cannot part." 

"I understand." Volencia grabbed onto Damion's clawed hand, which dangled at Travion's side, and the back of his tunic. A shiver ran up her spine. She hated the mirrors. Always had. But this was the moment of truth. Would she regret bringing Damion back before he was ready. Was this as safe as she had convinced herself it would be? What was even worse, was that the closer they got to the mirror, the more Damion seemed to be growling. Was he trying to warn them this was a bad idea? 

Stopping in front of the mirror, Travion turned to look at her again. "Are you sure you want to do this?" She couldn't see his face, but she could hear the tremor in his voice as he spoke. Damion let out a slow, sad sounding growl. Volencia stood on her tip-toes to touch the front of him jowls. 

"Yes, we have to get him home." 

There wasn't anymore arguing. Travion took a step forward, into the swirling quicksilver. 

*** 

**Leave a comment and support the story! Happy reading.**

###chapter Eighty-four

Unlike the others, when Travion stepped close to the mirror, it extended out toward Damion like it had when they entered the tower in Thambair. Long fingers of the swirling vortex wound around him. As Volencia watched, the liquid-like substance looked as if it wanted to pull the black beast from his brother's arms. Damion growled softly as Trey took a step in, his eyes opening to meet Volencia's. She swallowed hard. He looked scared. 

The princess had expected to step in and out as per the usual when using the mirrors. But it wasn't like that this time. They entered into a space where there were no distinct doors or walls. The only tangible things to be seen were the frames of the mirrors. Though they appeared hazy and far away. The floor itself felt like they were walking through thick mud. There didn't seem to be any definite distances, and it felt like they were walking through a thick fog. 

"Travion?" She whispered. 

"We've entered the void. I told you it would be different." Travion said back, but even his voice sounded weak and though they were close, as if she couldn't tell where it was actually coming from. He seemed to be trying to walk toward the closest mirror as quickly as possible, but no matter how many steps they took, it didn't feel like they were getting any closer. Only getting further away from where they came in. 

The further into the void they went, the more agitated Damion became. Though it was clear it wasn't intentional, she could see his claws digging into Travion's shirt. Soon there were trails of red over the fabric. The Samanthian didn't complain or become angry, he just held tighter to his brother, whispering calming words to him, trying to move more quickly through the void. Volencia tried to keep her hand on Damion. Keeping her eyes on his, but he didn't even seem to notice her. His head kept moving to the right, as if something was coming. Something he seemed to be afraid of. 

It still seemed as if they were walking a never-ending road. Peeking around Travion, she was positive they were no closer than when they started. Looking both ways, her heart pounded. To their right, the fog had grown darker and seemed to be the only thing here getting closer to them. "Trey" Both her hands were now grabbing his shirt, and Damion's tail was now whipping around them uncontrollably. His growls seemed to surround them in the deafening silence. 

"We're not going to make it out before that thing gets to us." Trey's voice was hoarse, and he was now struggling to keep Damion contained. It was clear the beast wanted down, as he started to fight harder and Trey was forced to stop to try to wrestle the thing into submission. 

"Damion! You're going to hurt him!" Volencia went to grab him, but he turned snapping at her. She backed up, holding her hand against her chest. She wasn't sure if he had done it on purpose, or if he was just warning her back, but to see him lash out at the two of them did scare her. Travion had given her warnings, but she had thought things would be different. The beast finally got a clawed foot against Trey's leg, with an arm against his chest and pushed off. Travion flew backward, landing painfully on Volencia. The beast lurched, putting itself between them and the darkness that had grown scarily close. His growls a menacing warning to whatever closed in on them. 

Volencia wriggled out from under Travion, tears stinging her eyes. There was a gash on his leg which was worse than the three staining his tunic, which looked more like scratches than an actual open wound. Travion had enough strength to sit up, wrapping his hands around the upper part of his thigh. His focus was not on the slice in his flesh though, his eyes were wide, watching as the beast body shook, growling menacingly at the shadow that continued to creep in on him. Though, now that he was free, it was moving closer to them more quickly. What seemed a last ditch effort on his part, Damion gave a last loud roar that resonated through Volencia's chest before the darkness started to surround him. 

Crying out, Volencia tried to go to him, but Travion wrapped an arm around her waist holding her back. "There's nothing you can do!" 

Damion rose on his back legs, as if trying to fight off the darkness. There was no tangible thing to fight, so the effort was futile. Soon, the darkness coalesced around him. His legs gave way, falling to the ground. Onto his claws and knees, then rolling over as his body convulsed. Volencia fought to try to get close to him, but to no avail. Travion held her tight against him, watching with his own horrified expression.

Damion's body spasmed, the seizures getting worse. There was nothing Trey or her could do but watch. Volencia sobbed, crying out as his visage crumpled into twisted pain and fear. The darkness started to wane. As it did, the scales smoothed. His skin turned from inky black to its normal tan. Eventually the spasms calmed, and a naked Damion lay before them, the thick fog rolled around them. Volencia pushed herself from Travion's arms. This time he let her go. Running to him, she practically threw herself on top of him. 

"Damion?" She repeatedly saying his name as her hands roamed over the wounds on his body. One by one though, they quickly disappeared. Her hands found his hair and her lips his face, as she kissed him everywhere. "You're going to be okay. You have to be." Half his hair was gone now, chopped off just below his ears. Not that it mattered. Not if he was fine. When he moaned, her arms instinctively pulled him close. "I was so scared. Oh, my love." She broke into broken words and bursts of tears. When he pushed himself onto his elbows, his head cocked to the side. One large hand rubbing her back. But when Volencia pulled away, the fear welled up again. His eyes weren't green, nor were they silver. This time, they were black with millions of silver and gold specs twinkling like a galaxy inside them. "H-Hero?" When he frowned, her heart skipped a beat. But there was confusion there too. How much didn't he remember. "Dodo you know who I am?" 

His eyes searched her face, before bouncing behind her. "Stay back." His voice was hoarse. She was pushed behind him as he got into a crouched position. A soldier poked his head through the mirror. Damion glared at him. "Well, I wasn't expecting to see you here." 

"I-I need to see for myself. Is itreally you?" His violet eyes watching Damion hopefully, his words soft. "Then, you are back. It's really happening?" 

Damion's eyes narrowed at the soldier, but he didn't answer. Only glared. Volencia and Travion exchanged glances, but both stayed silent. Watching the interaction between the two. 

The soldier's foot entered the mirror, and Damion's head cocked to the side, watching with rapt attention. "II wanted to, well, I guess I need to apologize. It was never meant to be this way." The elf started to move further into the mirror, and was nearly all the way in when he stopped suddenly. "I won't leave this place if I go any further, will I?" His face fell as he looked up at Damion. "You know, it's almost uncanny how much he looks like you always chose to. I should have known from the moment I saw him that you were coming back. But, it's not surprising. I've seen you in thousands of faces. The only real difference this time was the nihility. And I never imagined you could at least, not from here." His eyes wandered the mirrors before he chuckled. "Toran did this purposefully. He new you could enter the void and created a space using the towers to bring you back. I never guessed it. Neither of us did. My brother is going to be shocked. And perhaps angry. He pressed for these mirrors. I guess Toran outsmarted him after all." 

The elf chuckled, but when Damion started to walk toward him, he pulled out from the mirror, leaving only his head still in. The only reason he did paused was because Damion had stopped advancing toward him. "I will have my revenge. You took everything from me." Damion growled deep in his throat.

"Look, I understand that you would want revenge on my brother, but I truly never--" 

"You are even worse." The growl that emitted from Damion this time was enough of a warning. The elf nodded, his face falling, before he disappeared through the mirror. For a long time, he stared after him, as if waiting for someone else to show up. 


***

**We're at the end of our story. I hope you enjoyed. Next ###chapter will be the end of The Trials of Rhelia: Book One. Thank you for reading.**
Eighty-Five
Finally, Volencia took a few steps forward. Her hand started to reach out toward him, but she pulled back. "D-Damion? Can we go home now?" Her fingers reached out, touching the tips of his. His hand twitch as he looked down at her, but he didn't pull away. Instead, he offered her a small smile. 

"Home." His head cocked to the side, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly. "Yes. Let us head home, darling." 

Volencia turned back to Travion, "Do you think you could go get something for him to put on? It will be weird to have him show up naked." She was afraid to leave Trey with him, not that the Samanthian looked like he wanted to try. 

Travion blinked at her. Slowly his head started to shake. He clearly didn't want to leave her here with him. "Volencia, I can't do that. Here, I'll give him my shirt." Trey started to remove the tunic, but Damion held up his hand.

"That won't be necessary." Damion raised his hand to the side, pulling a silky silver robe from nowhere. "And, come here, Volencia. Let me heal your wounds before we go." This was definitely not her Damion, but she didn't know what she should do. So, she nodded. He barely waived his hand in her direction. It was a lot like when she'd been healed by Hero, but this time, he didn't bother to touch her. There was an acute strangeness in whoever took over Damion's body this time. None of the awed adoration Hero had. None of the sweet innocence of Damion. This was a stoic, cold character that left her shivering in fear of what she should say or how she should react. Travion clearly felt the same way. His large blue hands had fallen to his side, but now that Damion had his robe on, he waived toward the nearest mirror. 
	
"This way? Or?" He had no idea. 
	
Volencia held her hand out to him, and it was the first time he seemed to register shock. "Do you not remember me, love?" She smiled softly at him, gently pulling his hand and twining their fingers together. "You're my betrothed." She took a step closer, intertwining their fingers together. Holding up the star, she smiled at him. "You gave me this as our binging gift." 
	
"My memories are a little shaky at the moment. Don't worry, I'll remember everything shortly." He gave her another stiff smile, but she could have sworn he was frowning at the star round her neck. Instead of dwelling on this strange meeting, Volencia pulled him toward the mirror that would finally lead them home. 
	
"Travion, please go first. I think Damion should be the last to exit the mirror. Just to be safe." Trey gave her a sideways glance before looking Damion up and down. There was some hesitation, but he listened, slipping through the mirror. 
	
Volencia started forward, pulling Damion with her, but he didn't budge this time. His eyes felt all the more intense as he looked down at her. "I know you can both tell, I'm not exactly your expectation of Damion." Volencia swallowed hard, forcing herself to meet those intimidating eyes which sparkled like a clear night sky. "I wanted to ensure you, I am Damion. Just the larger part of him. The Damion you know is like a bud on a tree. Not even in full bloom yet." 
	
"Which makes you?" 
	
"The rest of the tree." 
	
Volencia heart raced as his hand cupped her cheek, pressing a stray lock of hair behind her pointed ear. Her breathing kicked up, his touch didn't feel different. He looked the same, other than his eyes, but he wasn't the same. There felt like there was, so much more now. "I hope you understand my confusion and hesitance. Travion's too." 
	
"He doesn't like me already. I can see it in him. He thinks I'm taking over his brother. I can't steal what was always mine." His head cocked at her again, as if he were interested in her reaction. His thumb caressed the outline of her lower lip, raising bumps all over her skin. "Do you truly love him, your Damion?" 
	
Volencia's hand touched his chest, her fingers sliding beneath the silk. "More than anything in the world. Do you remember me?" 
	
He didn't smile or change his expression, but his eyes fixated on the hand resting against his heart. He seemed to be contemplating his response. "I have memories. Even more than you yourself have, for like Damion was before me, you are not yet whole. Don't get me wrong, this is a pleasing surprise for me currently. Howver, as our past became quite complicated. Though when you become whole, our dynamic is bound to change, we can enjoy these first few fleeting moments together again." 
	
"Fleeting?" Volencia tore her hand away from his chest as if she'd been scorched. 
	
"Time flows differently for me than it does for a mortal. You'll understand better eventually, though you'll never get the full complexity of it. A thousand years of memory, for me, is like a single drop in an ocean. And the moment you shared with your Damion are less than a molecule of that drop." 
	
Volencia shook her head. She had no idea what he was saying. But she felt like he was telling her she meant nothing to him. She liked this being far less than she liked Hero. And all she wanted was her Damion back "Please tell me this is like Hero all over again. My Damion will be back in the morning right?" 
	
He frowned. "As much as your Damion disliked Hero, I hate him even more, so I'll pretend you didn't mention him. Anyway, I already told you, he is still here. Even if just a small portion to the whole. I can tell he cared for you. Though he had no opportunity to understand the vastness of our true connection. And for that, I almost envy his naivity." His face as still as cold as stone. 
	
Unable to stop her tears from coming, Volencia let them fall. "I you don't love me then?" 
	
"It's difficult. I care for you. I loved you once and believed you loved me. But like everyone else in this world, you stabbed me in the back and destroyed my trust. I don't blame the you standing before me now. But I cannot forget, nor forgive, those transgressions. I'm sure if you remembered me properly, you would have done everything in your power to prevent me from coming back, even killed this host before I could. Regardless of your desire for him. Even our son has betrayed me. Once those memories come back to you, you'll understand what I mean. Though this is all quite redundant. Since you simply don't have the capacity to understand." He waved his hand as if the dismissal were nothing. Volencia almost backed away as he lifted a finger to wipe her tears away. "My apologies. I probably shouldn't have brought all this up in the first place. But you were practically screaming the questions in your mind. I was only trying to help you see. I realize now, I've only frightened and confused you." 
	
"It's too much." She whispered, the tears still falling. 
	
"Yes." He said simply. "You'll fell better once you are home. The void can create a helplessness in beings not created for it. So, it's likely effecting you also." He leaned down, pressing his lips gently to hers. 
	
Volencia wanted to scream and push him away, but it happened so quickly, she barely had a chance to catch her breath. That and for a brief moment, she swore Damion's green eyes flashed at her. Instead, he nodded, seeming to understand her distress better than she did. Taking her hand, he pulled her toward the mirror. 

Travion stood in the tower behind her father and Gregron. Everyone else had been cleared out. Compared to the total silence of the void, the tower sounded loud as they walked out. As if Volencia could suddenly hear her heart beating and her own breathing was deafening. She could hear a breeze and even the pulse of the magic. 

Stumbling at the onslaught, the only reason she didn't fall was because of the strong arm that caught her around the waist. Looking down the stairs made her dizzy. "Do you need help?" His voice was quiet beside her ear and she nodded. Her stomach turned violently, and her knees threatened to give out. Just as Damion would have, she was lifted gently into his arms, feeling comfortable and secure against his broad chest. 
	
 Volencia's hearing normalized before they were at the base of the stairs. Hearing her father gasp, she looked up to see him fall to his knees, pressing his forehead to the ground. She had seen him, as a King, show diplomatically to others, but she had never seen him bow lower than them, and never imagined him getting down on a knee, let alone this. Gregron watched in shock as his King bowed as low as physically possible. Once his mind wrapped around the odd site, he too, fell to his knees, bowing. Travion looked at the two with a frown, crossing his arms as if to show he was not about to bow before his brother. 
	
As they reached the group, Damion set her on her feet, "Will you be alright for a moment?" His hand didn't leave her back, and strangely enough, his eyes were now their familiar green. Everything about his behavior reminded her more of Damion and she nodded, holding onto his robe. Rubbing her tears away, he smiled down at her, and kissed her forehead. This was much more like Damion and she felt her heart flutter hopefully. Damion crouched down placing a hand on the back of his head. "Stand, child." Volencia wrapped her arms around her chest. What was he saying? 
	
"Your servant is not worthy to view the full Glory of one so Holy, my God." She could see her father's whole-body trembling and found herself completely confused. Add that to the concern that suddenly written across Trey's features. Volencia couldn't help but wonder what she was missing. 
	
"This servant, who grew climbing my home, surround by my brother's ostentatious and ridiculous temple, which hid me away from the most beloved of my creations. Stand. I know what you and yours sacrificed to bring me back here. I would see the visage of the one who believed in me without a doubt or concern for himself. I'm aware I only stand before you because of the foundations you laid before me." He reached out, lifting her father's chin. 
	
Tears streamed down his cheeks and pure joy emanated from him. "My God. Necron. You have finally returned." 
	
Travion staggered and was caught by the gleaming galaxies shining in those ink black eyes. A satisfied smirk was much like the one Damion gave when he knew he was about to win the fight. 
	
"No Venron, what have you done?" Trey's words were cold as ice and shook with fear. 
	
Shivers ran down Volencia's spine as her eyes turned to the body that should have belonged to her betrothed. He couldn't really be Necron? Could he? 


***

**End of Book One** 

*Thank you for enjoying this adventure with me. The Trials will be taking a break as we finish up Last Kiss. A new story will be ready to start soon **I don't want to say too much, but it's an old myth about how mermaids were created. It'll be a fantasy romance.** Also, the Trials will return with Book Two shortly. I'll leave an upadated comment when the book goes live for sale in case anyone is interested.*
Updates for You:
*So, I just wanted to give a shout out here. Just a couple things for those who enjoyed the world of Rhelia, which is my personal Beloved. 

*1. Tale of the Goonchman was off to a slow start, and I plan on keeping it that way. I will promise one ###chapter a week. I will give more if I can. I believe I explained this before, but just in case I didn't, we'll do it here. It's a story near and dear to my heart, and gives a lot of insite on how folk are seen in the series. There is a character who you will meet in the Trails, but this story does not actually alter the time line of the Trials, so I've come to consider it a one-off. **When it comes out in print, I will offer a signed print book for anyone who guesses who it is we will see in the future books. Whatever book is in print at the time. I wanted the Trials book 1 to be in print by the end of October, but it may take me more time.

*2. Odessa's Song has the first three ###chapters of it out now. If you enjoyed the Trials, I would suggest you read this book because it will answer some major questions by the end of it. It is already written and just needs some editing. But with my writing for Last Kiss and Tale of the Goonchman, AND looking at getting book 2 of the Trials started here by the end of the year, plus working a full time job and being mom to three beautiful little munchy-kins, I can only promise to do my best. 


Thank God for my Husband who puts up with me and my passions. lol. As always my friends, Happy Reading!