
###chapter 1

********
Cursed with no magic and a deadly illness, Princess Lily is mistaken for her powerful sister and kidnapped by a monstrous king. As political games threaten her life, her captor becomes an unlikely sanctuary. To survive, she must trust the enemy whose storm-lit eyes see her true worth — and ignite a forbidden spark.
********
*The night of the Summer Solstice ball is the night he kidnaps me for the first time*

There's a wild, unbound spark in the air tonight. The summer palace ballroom is overflowing with Seelie courtiers. Lithe, beautiful bodies decked out in blinding shades of every imaginable color fill out every spare inch of the room. Something about it makes me restless tonight-- makes me want to be anywhere but this back corner of the ballroom where I've been sequestered by my father, King Tarquin. Even being out of the way the way that I am doesn't help me avoid the barely-suppressed sneers of the courtiers aim at me-- the Cursed and magic-less daughter of the Seelie Court. I'm usually good at ignoring them and brushing them off. But for some reason, tonight, it all feels too much for me to bear. 

Which is why I make my escape at the first opportunity I see.

When I notice that Petra's back is turned my way-thoroughly distracted with the flirtatious attentions of one of the palace's guards-I recognize it for the opportunity it is. No one notices when I slip through the sparkling crowd-all too drunk on faerie wine to perceive anything but the glittering room or the lover offering attention in front of them.

I make my escape through the marble archway and into the rising night. Free from the confining walls of the ballroom, I feel like I can finally breathe again. Out on the adjoining balcony, the night air cools my heated skin, a crisp breeze kissing every inch of exposed skin. I greedily breathe in the sweet perfume of wildflowers from the gardens below mixed with the scent of freshly cut grass.

I only let myself rest for a moment. I need to hurry if I'm going to make it out of here before Petra or Lucia discovers I'm gone. After quickly catching my breath, and leaning heavily on the low parapet walls, I force myself to keep moving. I disappear into the hidden adjoining stairway off the balcony that will spit me out into the gardens below.  

The stars sparking in the heavens are shining at their fullest and make it easy to see where to step as I feel my way down. I force myself to pick up my pace, leaning heavily against the marble walls to keep myself from losing my balance as I curve around the spiral staircase. I breathe out a sigh of relief when my silken slippers crunch down against the rough gravel of the garden path. 

*I did it*. I actually did it.

A wave of elation comes over me, electrifying my veins. Looking up into the gleaming night a smile breaks over my face. It has been so long since I've been alone-really, truly alone-I can barely believe I actually pulled it off. A tiny, breathless, laugh of exhilaration bursts from me and I grin even as my weakening body fights to stay upright. 

That euphoric feeling gives me the final push I need to make it to the bench-one slow step in front of the other. I collapse onto a stone bench-the one closest to the palace's steps. Breathing out a sigh of relief, I lower myself onto the blessedly cool stone with shaky arms. Beads of sweat prickle at my hairline, and my overly heavy ballgown puffs around my legs in an explosion of pale pink taffeta and lace. 

Petra and Lucia had decided on the gown I wore this evening. And while I'm grateful to them for wanting to help, it's not something I would have picked for myself. The cut of it is beautiful and the style of it mirrors the height of the court's fashion right now-similar to the cut of Lucia's gown tonight. But, the fabric is heavy. It's an added strain when walking. 

Not to mention that it's stiflingly hot. 

If it had been up to me, I would have picked something light-something that let my skin breathe. I huff out a breath, and though my corset barely allows it, I manage to bend down far enough to lift the hem of my dress into my lap, allowing a trickle of cool breeze to shift through the dense fabric. 

Much better. 

The heat bubbling under my skin tells me that I pushed myself too hard, pushed my body to its limits in my hastily executed escape, but I can't bring myself to care or worry. I lean back on my shaky arms and let the cool air wash over me, patiently for my ragged heartbeat to slow. The weather is beautiful tonight, a perfect night for a ball. Much of the party has spilled out onto the back balconies, some couples stand and dance, others stand off to the side, drinking bubbling beverages from crystal flutes, gossiping.

Being out here after dark is like stepping into another world entirely. The shadows create something entirely new out of something familiar.  Night-blooming flowers overflow into the paths like a multicolored kaleidoscope.  A few fireflies wink their yellow light near me before skittering away through the brush as I kick off my silken slippers, settling into the darkness. 

The quiet doesn't last long, and I  jolt at the sound of a low-keening whine emanating from directly behind my bench. My muscles coil as tightly as a bow string and my head whips around in search of the source of the noise. When my eyes land on a tiny creature nearly hidden among the flowers and shadows, my muscles ease but my stomach drops.

A few days ago, I'd heard the palace gardeners complaining about a group of rabbits making mess of the blooms they'd just planted, and their plans to set out traps for them.  Those plans seem to have worked, because a tiny, trapped rabbit stares up at me with wide fearful eyes, and my heart twists for it. 

Pulling myself up from my place on the bench, with bare feet, I pick my way on slow careful feet through the damp soil so I can lower myself into a crouch near the trapped animal. A pair of tiny black eyes gaze widely up at me, warily. Fear making the poor rabbit's nose twitch furiously. Its small body flinches as I move my fingers toward its trapped foot.

"I'm not going to hurt you," I promise, keeping my voice quiet so as not to frighten the poor animal any more than it already is. It squirms against the looping rope attached to its hind leg for a moment, then calms, its little nose twitching wildly as I bring my fingers to the knotted rope.

As I work, music and laughter from the ballroom seep down from the open doors, adding to the other nighttime noises. Shadows of dancing couples drift through the glowing strips of light from the balcony above us. The sight sends a familiar wistful pang slicing through the center of my chest. Watching the beautiful courtiers moving so fluidly around the ballroom always manages to leave an ache in my chest. I can't think of anything more amazing than being able to join in on something like that. To be able to be a part of something so mesmerizing, so beautiful.

With my illness, though, dancing is out of the question. Some days, I can't even walk unassisted. The fevers tend to wrack their way through my body unannounced. I never know what exactly will set them off, which is the main reason why I'm not supposed to be moving around the palace unaccompanied.

"You're going to be alright, I promise," I whisper down to the tiny creature, "I understand what it's like to feel trapped," I confess quietly. The last thing I need is for someone to overhear "crazy Princess Lily" talking to an animal in the dark and add fuel to the fire. 

My lips tip in a grin as I pull the last of the knots free, "There you go, all finished. But, between you and me, you'd be better off finding a different place to make your home. The gardeners mean business this year and if they catch you again, they won't let you go. Oh, and if you happen to run into the gardeners, please don't tell them I'm the one who released you," I joke softly.
 
I'm so distracted watching the rabbit prance happily away through the night blooming flowers, that I don't hear the footsteps prowling up behind me until it's too late. I don't sense the person sneaking up behind me until a hand already snakes around my head and presses a rough cloth beneath my nose, covering my mouth. 

The muffled scream in my ears is my own, but it doesn't last longer than a second, the sound softer than the whispering of wings. A sickly sweet scent invades my nose, making my eyes water, and then everything goes dark.
###chapter 2
I wake up in what can only be considered a prison cell. My eyes open to a gray stone floor and walls with my heavy ballgown tangled around my legs in twisted clumps. I force myself into a sitting position on shaking arms and collapse roughly into the wall behind me.

 My mouth feels like sticky cotton and I swallow thickly around the acrid taste. Loosened strands of my hair that managed to escape from the updo it had been twisted into before the ball fell in sweated strands over my eyes. I push them away as my eyes adjust, and squint blearily around me taking stock of where I am.

 The room is tiny. There's a single rickety bed crammed into the wall beside me and a wooden chair in the opposite corner. The dungeon walls are made up of roughly cut stones, with hairline cracks in the mortar holding it all together. It's deathly silent except for the rough sound of my breaths scraping loudly up and down my throat and the rush of blood pounding in my ears.

By the mother, it is *hot*. Sweat drips off of me in rivulets as I peer around the dimly lit space. As I move again to swipe the beads of sweat trickling against my hairline, the screeching rattle of metal grinding together has me squinting through the dark towards the unexpected noise.

Chains. 

There are long looping metal chains connecting me to the stone wall. The sight pulls a surprised whimper from me. No. *No, no, no*. This cannot be happening. Through my drug-induced sluggish thoughts, realization slaps me across the face. 

I've been taken.

Someone's drugged and abducted me right out of the palace's gardens. But, *how*? How did they manage it with the ball happening? The guard patrols should have been more stringent than usual. And more importantly than that, *why*?

I don't have time to dwell on what had happened, though, because there's the sound of the bolt clicking open in the small single door directly across from me. I shakily scramble to push myself as far back into the wall as I can. All I can think right now is that I want to get as far away from the approaching person as physically possible. 

The metal door to my cell swings open and my lungs squeeze tight. The figure in the doorway is massive, filling up the doorway entirely-head and shoulders practically brushing the frame. My muscles seize as the man takes a careful, decided step into the room. 

In the darkness, I can't see much else aside from his giant form. But his size alone is enough to make my blood run cold. No one-none of the fae I've ever encountered anyway-even come close to the size this person is. As he takes another slow step into the room, someone lingering in the hallway passes him a torch, illuminating the room with flickering golden fire-not the magically induced witch lights I'm accustomed to. 

Torch in hand, the man's head swivels down in my direction. His sharp chin ticks to the side, thoughtfully, as he takes in my position against the wall, "Good, you're awake." He says. His voice rolls over my skin, deep and smooth like velvet steeped in shadow.

All I can do is stare up at him with wide eyes. Because this male in front of me isn't *just* a male at allhe looks like a monster. Like the devil incarnate. Though his face is perfectly sculpted, pale as marble, a pair of wickedly sharp horns protrude from his forehead. A perfect match to the spikes extending from his shoulders and upper back. 

His full lips tip into a smile, showing sharp pointed fangs and my stomach contracts with fear.

"You must be wondering why you're here." When I don't say anything-can't force any words out- he raises a single black eyebrow, "Let me introduce myself to you, Princess Lucia."

Wait. Princess*Lucia*? 

Realization settles over me like a splash of icy water. These people meant to capture my sister, the heir to the Seelie throne, but instead, they'd accidentally taken *me* by mistake. If I weren't so terrified, I'd laugh. How anyone could confuse me for my strong, perfect sister is beyond me.

The monster doesn't seem to notice my shock and continues to speak, "I am Damion Lothbrook, Commander of the North. I apologize for us having to meet under these circumstances."

I recognize his name instantly and feel the blood drain from my face. Commander Damion. King of the shifters, those inhabiting the Northern mountains just past the borders of the Fae Courts. Our kingdom's ruthless neighbor. But what does this mean? That he took me-attempted to take Lucia?

The shock and heat are quickly becoming a dangerous combination for me, and my vision blurs around the edges, hands turning clammy where they hold me up against the rough stone floor. I shift them to clutch my thick wrinkled taffeta skirts, but the shiny fabric doesn't absorb any of the sweat there and my skin just slides uselessly across the material.

I swallow hard to brace myself, eyes flickering over his massive form, "Tell me, Commander Lothbrook," I say stiffly, "What reason can you possibly have for stealing me from my home and chaining me to your wall?" Relief washes over me when my voice comes out calm, and poised. At least my years of lessons have been good for something.

His lips tip up in that vicious-looking grin again, fangs flashing in the low light, "Well, I couldn't very well have you blasting through my walls with your magic, could I? The chains are as much of a protection for my people as they are for you. The iron will see to it that you stay put and out of trouble."

Powers. Magic. Lucia has always had those in droves with the ability to harness the power of light-electricity and lightning. A rare and powerful gift, even for fae. I guess it's no surprise they have me wrapped in iron then. Iron has always been outlawed in the fae Courts-well, except for in the prisons where powerful criminals are being held. It blocks magic and when it comes in contact with a fae's skin, is rumored to be unbearably painful.

I don't feel any pain from the metal, though. If these monsters have mistaken this metal for iron, far be it from me to let them know they have it wrong. I'm not a glutton for punishment.

"In what way would iron chains be a protection for me?" There's a sharp hot prickling along my scalp, and beneath my heavy skirts, my legs are shaking. My body is getting overheated in this dungeon while still trying to fight off whatever drug it is they gave me. I recognize this weak and lightheaded feeling well. I need my medicine-and badly-that much is becoming more painfully clear with every passing second.

I pushed myself too far at the ball, and now it will be a miracle if I survive whatever these monsters have planned for me. My body is overloaded and will shut down soon. This is what always happens-my illness never allows me to push past this point without severe repercussions.

"We wouldn't want you to get injured in any escape attempts," The king's smile widens, displaying more of his terrifying fangs. His words say otherwise, but that smile tells me that he would very much enjoy if I so much as dared to attempt it.

"If you're so worried about what I may do to your people, why did you bring me here?" I ask, bringing up a trembling hand to swipe the sweat collecting there, plastering stray hairs to the skin there. I just need to get through this meeting without letting him know something is wrong. Everyone knows you can't show a monster any weakness or they'll pounce on it and tear you apart.

Commander Lothbrook crouches down in front of me lending me a better view of his monstrous form, but the blurring and spots dancing across my vision make it hard to see him.  Unconsciously, I lean further back from him, letting more of my weight settle into the rough wall behind me. The stone behind me isn't cool enough to be a relief to my overheated skin. What is happening to me? And why is it so so hot?

"All in good time, princess," His head tilts like a bird of prey eyeing its next victim. Suddenly, his black eyes narrow, "Something doesn't seem right." The Shifter King says.
###chapter 3
Without taking his eyes off of me, Commander Lothbrook turns slightly to call out to the person behind him. With the King of Monsters in front of me, I'd somehow forgotten the other man was still there, "How much of that sleeping draught did you give her Xavier?"

I hear the other man shuffle forward, "Only as much as the physician suggested," the other voice says, still in shadow, "Why?"

"She seems a little out of it."

"It's probably just the irons weakening her. I suspect being disconnected from her magic is quite painful."

 The male in front of me hums low under his breath, considering that. I want to tell them not to talk about me like I'm not here, but I press my lips tightly together.

I can't let them know that something else is wrong with me. If these monsters find out that I'm not actually Princess Lucia-that I'm not worth as much in leverage as she is- who's to say what they'll do to me? What do monsters do to prisoners who aren't valuable? Torture at best, kill me at worst.

But my sickness 

If I don't get back to the Palace Healers within twenty-four hours, my illness will take a turn for the worse. Without my medicine, my symptoms will increase until the sickness takes care of the inconvenience of murdering me for them. But there's no way that I can divulge that information to them. Showing these monsters any weakness is out of the question. Too many tales have made their way from the northern mountains and into the Seelie palace of these nightmares that plague the cliffside. Whispers of how the shifters bring chaos and darkness in their wake.

Their cruelty and ruthlessness are well known. The only way I'll survive this is by keeping my weaknesses to myself. Feigning power is what's going to keep me alive. Strength is what will help me survive.

I tilt up my chin, forcing myself to meet his black gaze head-on, "You need to return me home." I tell him, voice cold.

His deadly-looking canines glint in the firelight as he smiles his amusement, pulling himself back up into a standing position. He's more smooth, more graceful on his feet than should be possible with his size and his monstrous appearance, "All in good time, darling. As long as your father cooperates."

He turns his back on me and crosses the minuscule distance to the door in a single stride, "Go ahead and get comfortable your Highness, you're going to be here for a while."

The metal door clangs on its hinges as it's closed behind him followed by the unmistakable click of a lock being turned. The wash of relief flowing through me that the shifter King has left is short-lived. With the torch gone, my eyes readjust to the dim room, stinging against the sudden onslaught of hot tears, my throat tight.

The chains binding my wrists and feet appear long enough to make it to the single bed, but I don't think I have the energy to get it up there on my own. I lower myself slowly to the stone floor. Pressing my cheek against the rough gritty rock, I search for any coolness leeching from the stone to cool my feverish skin. 

Commander Lothbrook may be wrong about who I am, but he's right about one thing.

All there's left for me to do is wait.

Wait and hope that my father and sister come through.

******************************

I fade in and out with restless sleep. I wake to the sound of footsteps scraping up the hallway. No one enters the cell again, though.  A latch I hadn't noticed opens at the bottom of the metal door and a tray of food is pushed through. The meal is plain-some sort of bland vegetable stew, a ripped hunk of crusty bread, and a tin cup of water.

I send every grateful thought I can muster to the Mother at the sight of the water. My body is covered in sweat and my tongue feels swollen-mouth like dry cotton. The water is lukewarm and tastes like the tin cup it was in, but it is divine on my lips, down my throat. I drink it down in seconds, so fast that a dribble trickles down my chin. I swipe the drop up with a finger and carefully lick it off, not wanting a single bit to go to waste.

The second the water is gone, I'm thirsty again. I want to scold myself for not conserving some of it, but I can't. It was worth it. My stomach is in knots, but I force myself to eat some of the food that was left for me. I'm going to need my strength to fight off the fever, and I know that soon I won't be able to eat without my body rejecting it. 

I take a few bites of the soup, but my hand is shaking too much to get much of it into my mouth. It sloshes off the spoon and dibbles onto the front of my dress. I finally give up, pushing the tray back towards the door and lowering myself back to the ground.

Time is hazy here in the dark, as I continually fade in and out of sleep. The footsteps only come back to collect the tray when it's time for them to drop off another meal. Every time I hear footsteps down the hallway, I brace myself for some new horror to befall me, but it never does. If anything, the cell is too quiet.  No other prisoners nearbynot even the shuffle of feet outside as any staff passes by.

There are no other sounds aside from my heartbeat and the rasp of my breaths scraping up and down my throat aside from the sound of scraping trays as more food is delivered through the hole in the door. After they deliver the second tray, I can't even find the strength through my shivering to even drag myself a few feet to the water. 

The illness is advancing and soon I won't be able to keep any food down followed by liquids. It won't be long until my body begins to reject any attempt at nourishment. Those few short feet I'd need to crawl to get to the tray might as well be a hundred miles.

 All I can do is hunker back down against the stone and brace myself for the illness I know is coming.
###chapter 4
The first side effect of not taking my medicine is fever. 

The second is a blinding headache.

The third is nausea.

The fourth stage is blood.

And the final stage is the hallucinations.

 I've only gotten to the fifth stage a single time and barely managed to survive it. It was a miracle to recover from that with all of the help of the palace Healers the Seelie Court could supply. 

I'm already in the thick of the fever. The first stage, the fever, is unpredictable. There's no rhyme or reason for why it comes, though overexertion tends to make it come on faster. But for the most part, they have a tendency to sneak up on me like a thief in the night, unseen, unpredictable, taking any of my strength and life out of me. 

Right now, the fever heats me from the inside out, burning through my skin, making it impossible to think, to do anything other than lay slumped over myself and shiver. My skin is too hot and too sensitive for the scratchy material of the ballgown I'm wearing. 

The cell around me is as silent as a tomb. I don't know how long I lay on the hard dungeon floor with my skin flushed hot with the fever spreading through my body, but with nothing left but my thoughts and memories to keep me company, I feel like one of the dead laid to rest in a crypt. 

It's impossible to tell time in this dark, windowless cell, but it feels like ages. I've mentally prepared myself, so it doesn't surprise me in the slightest when my stomach begins to cramp. It comes in waves at first.

Still, even knowing that it's coming, doesn't make my tension-riddled stomach any less miserable. It's been a while since I made it to the cramp phase-I've been so careful lately about when I take my medicine-that the sharp familiar feeling of my insides twisting themselves into knots leaves me breathless with their intensity. Alone in the quiet, knowing none of the monsters were close enough to hear me, I let a whimper escape through my clenched lips.

It's going to be okay. You're going to be fine. Father and Lucia are going to negotiate a way out for you. They'll do everything they can to get you out. You just have to survive until then.

But as time drags on, a little niggling kernel of doubt manages to wiggle its way through. What if they don't agree to the terms? What if they decide to leave me here?

I fade in and out of restless sleep, embracing the unconsciousness as a boon. A few blissful moments of reprieve from the pounding cracking in my skull.


**************************************************


I'd heard the whispers all my life- whispers around the palace and among courtiers. That I was unnatural. A sickly shadow of a ghost. That my mother had been cursed before I was born. Not that anyone would ever dare say that aloud. And in this cell, I feel somewhat like that ghost they always claimed I was.

I've had the illness since I was born. I was born small and pale, barely able to keep on weight at first, I barely survived past babyhood. And while the fae in both the Seelie and Unseelie courts are usually born with hair and eyes every color in the rainbow, I was born in shades of white. 

White hair, colorless skin, silver eyes-like all of the colors had been leeched out of me. Not to mention the fact that while most Fae are born with beautiful wings of differing shapes and varieties ranging in color and shape like butterflies or dragonflies, I'd been born without wings of any kind. 

No color, no wings, and no magic. 

Seelie Fae draws their energy and life force from the sun and the Unseelie Fae draws their powers from the moon, while I, on the other hand, draw energy from neither. Being out in either for too long does more damage to my health than helps. The palace physicians had taken to calling my sickness Sun Fever because being out in it for too long tended to weaken me and bring on the illness. 

And once the illness begins, the only thing that can reel my symptoms back in is the medicine that the physicians had concocted over the years. I don't know what's in the medicine they give me-a cocktail of herbs and remedies that they've tweaked over the years to bring my body back into alignment. What I do know is that if I don't take it, the illness gets continually worse and worse until I'm unable to move or function.

In the darkness like this, there's no telling how long I lay there shivering on the dungeon cell floor. No telling how long it's been since the King's left me here. But based on my symptoms I'd guess that I'd that I've been in here for a little over a day. Maybe two. 

*************************************************

I count the trays coming in and out of the room to keep track of time. When the fifth untouched tray gets pulled back through the door, I hear the pause. The unusual sliver of hesitation of the person on the other side before the latch closes again. A few moments later, there's another set of footsteps down the hall-louder, more assured than the last set. 

This is new. 

I don't have the energy to brace myself as there's a clink of keys outside the door and the metal gives way with a bone-scraping squeal. The sound is painful enough against my throbbing headache that tears prick the corners of my eyes. I peek through my lashes to see who's in my cell but quickly close them back up as the dim torch light pierces like knives. 

There's a nudge of a boot against my ribs and my breath escapes in a painful hiss."Wake up, prisoner," An unfamiliar female voice demands. Another boot pushes against my ribs and I wince. I want to tell them to keep their feet to themselves, but my teeth are chattering too loudly to even attempt it.

"Well?" A male voice asks from the doorway. 

"I think something's the matter with her."

A disbelieving scoff from the doorway, "She's probably faking it."

"Maybe." The light glows brighter through my eyelids as the torch comes closer, "Ah, fuck."

"What now?"

"There's blood coming out of her nose."

Had my nose been bleeding? I'd been so focused on the knives twisting through my skull and trying not to throw up that I hadn't been aware of the warm trickle of blood leaking from my nose. 

The third sign. After the nausea always comes the bleeding; Bleeding in my mouth. From my nose. Sometimes my ears and eyes when it's at their worst-turn the milky uncolored silver in my eyes and give them their only color-blood red.

There's a shuffling of boots as the second pair of feet come across the floor to stand beside the first, "Fuck me. He's not going to be happy about this."

A loud sigh, "I'll go. Justdon't get too close to her. And make sure she stays alive until he gets here."

"And how am I supposed to do that?! I'm not a healer Erik-shit-"

The sound of boots races down the hallway, echoing off the stone walls as the male guard takes off at a sprint away from my cell.
###chapter 5
The sound of footsteps from the other guard echoes as he runs down the hall, leaving me alone with the female guard.

"Shit, shit, shit." The female voice leans closer again, and a hand grasps my shoulder and shakes. "Hey. You. Princess." Another jostling shake that makes my teeth rattle, "Wake up. Don't even think about dying. I just got promoted and I don't want to go back to border patrols because you died on my watch."

Shit she's loud-I want to tell her to keep her voice down. And then I want to ask her to pour some water down my painfully parched throat. But the cramping in my stomach makes a sudden return and I clench my lips together to keep from crying out.

I don't know how many minutes pass-Ten? Thirty?- before the sound of footsteps echoes down the hallway again. Through my ragged breathing and the shifting of the female guard's boots on the floor, I hear the footsteps come to a stop inside my cell.

"I don't have time to play nursemaid, Princess."A low stony voice says. Even though a fever, I recognized the new voice easily. The King of Monsters is back.

The male guard is the one who speaks first. "The staff alerted us that she hadn't been eating or drinking. We found her like this."

"How long?"

"What?"

"How long has she not been eating or drinking?" The King demands, voice like a silk-shrouded blade.

"Well," the male guard coughs nervously, stuttering out quickly, "Uh-you see-when we questioned the kitchen staff, they said the trays have come back untouched for the past two days."

"And I'm only hearing about this now?" The King's tone is black enough that even as out of it as I am, I'm glad I'm not on the receiving end of it.

I open my mouth to try to speak, to ask him to please send me home, but all that comes out is a rough wet cough.

"Fuck, did she just cough up blood?" The male guard behind the King asks.

"Ryke," The King's stony voice says, "find the Healer. Meet us in the West Wing."

"Yes, your Majesty," The female says, light booted feet take off at a sprint down the hallway.

There's an argument happening behind me-the rough spew of voices that I can't make out. My mind is fading again beneath another wave of pain. There's a clinking of chains, the brush of rough fingers against my flushed, overheated skin as the cuffs are removed from my wrists followed by my ankles.

I'm shifted onto my back with a firm but somehow gentle hands. And then I'm flying-weightless. My stomach gives a nauseating lurch and I clench my teeth together tightly to keep from dry heaving. Hot and cold sweats cling to my forehead and shivers wrench their way through my body. The press of iron-like arms tucked me firmly against a firm leather-clad chest.

It's too hot. Much too hot. But through the haze of the fever, I can't find how to tell him. Despite the iron-clamp I have on my lips to keep from crying out, a whimper escapes. The hands clutching me tighten at the sound.

The King's voice is a roughened murmur in my ear, "You don't get to give up that easily, darling."

I shiver, and this time it has nothing to do with the fever scorching its way through my veins. As Commander Lothbrook carries me out of the stony dungeon, I collapse into blissful oblivion. The darkness of unconsciousness snaps open wide and swallows me whole. 

*********************************************************

I think I must have crossed into stage five of the illness. Hallucinations. It's the only way to explain what I'm seeing when I open my eyes. 

I'm no longer in the dungeon but tucked into a bed. No longer being scratched by the taffeta ballgown that's been scraping against my flushed skin, but in a nightgown so soft it's just a whisper of fabric against my skin. 

More shocking than any of that, though is that my fever has broken. I'm still uncomfortably warm-piled high with thick blankets with a fire roaring nearby, but the icy hot chills that had been raging beneath my skin in the dungeons have impossibly vanished.

I'm no longer in a dark cell. Light flickers brightly from a fire burning in the grate of an elaborate fireplace carved into the room's stone walls. The room doesn't resemble the palace rooms I grew up in. There, you could see where the stones had been fused to assemble the walls of the palace's structure. Here, though, the stone coalesces into one continuous rounded shape as if the rooms have been carved from something, like the walls of a cave.

I'm still surrounded by stone, walls made entirely of rock, but it's different-there's marble and granite mixed in among the stone walls. Crystal embedded in the gray and those crystals glimmer in the firelight, giving everything a dreamlike quality.

Along those stone walls are tapestries so colorful and intricate that it's hard to look away from them. Beautifully constructed images depicting what looks to be portions of history. The images show people transforming into beasts and monsters-the ones I'd learned of in my lessons. The shifters that roam the northern mountains. But I'd yet to see them depicted in such a way-in light and color as opposed to the sharp dark images I was familiar with in Seelie's history books.

The tapestries make them appear less monstrous, and moreheroic. I don't have long to ponder this, because there's a clinking of metal to my left and I turn to take in the sound.

There's someone in the chair beside my bed. An older woman leans over, her long fingers wrapped around a pair of wooden knitting needles. It's rare to meet someone who's aged as much as this woman appears to be. I watch mesmerized as she winds the yarn around the needles and she works the yarn into thick twined knots.

When she notices that I'm awake, she rises from her chair, gray cotton dress swishing around her legs. Without a word, she meanders slowly to a door hidden among the stone wall and gives a few sharp raps against the wood. I'm so shocked to see her there that all I can do is watch her as she adjusts her knitting under her arm.

Not a moment later, the hidden door swings open to make way for the tall, imposing figure of the shifter's stony-faced King. I have to blink back my shock, unable to help but notice how differently he looks in this room as opposed to how he appeared in the dungeon cell. His black hair is damp as if he'd just finished bathing. It's been slicked back away from his face, but a few waves droop onto his forehead-a stark contrast to his starlight-pale skin. Among those subtle differences, there's something else that's changed about him since I saw him in the dungeon-something that I can't quite put my finger on.

His tall, powerful frame is clad in a pair of soft-looking black pants and a long-sleeved shirt that's only halfway buttoned up, exposing a deep v of skin at the top of his chest. My breath catches in my throat as I'm unable to keep my eyes from dipping to those exposed defined muscles as large strong hands deftly weave their up the fabric to finish closing up his shirt.

His black eyes dip down to the slight, elderly woman who had knocked on the door, "Thank you, Mitra," his voice is as dark and smooth as I remember, "You may go." My hands unconsciously clutch at the thick blankets as the frail woman gives a narrow curtsey and exits through another door without a word.

As the door clicks shut behind her, King Lothbrook's heavy dark gaze lands on me. A small part of me wants to shrink away at the intensity of that gaze, but I force myself to meet his stare calmly. His full lips twitch at the corner, hinting at an amused smile, exposing the white flash of a sharp fang, "Well, well-The sleeping beauty awakens at last."

###chapter 6
"I have to say, Princess Lucia, the last few days have beenenlightening," King Lothbrook says. He rolls up the sleeves of his white tunic, revealing muscular forearms covered in black streaking tattoos. Those tattoos travel up his arms, over his chest, and onto his neck. 

I've only seen tattoos a few times in my entire life-they're not in a fashion much among the fae so the ones I have seen are much smaller than the one that the King wears on his skin. I can't help but be curious as to what picture they make. Some sort of symbols?

"Enlightening in what way?" I ask him. Anxiety tightens my stomach and I force my eyes away from the King's shrouded tattoos.

"To begin with, I've learned much more about a certain Seelie Princess than I ever planned to."

At the Shifter King's words, my heart stutters wildly in my chest. The airlocks in my lungs for an uncomfortable moment. What did he discover while I was unconscious? Does he know I'm not my sister, the heir to the Seelie throne? But no, there's no way to explain why I'm still alive if he's realized that holding me isn't as valuable of a leverage point as he'd thought I was when he stole me from the palace gardens. 

I've heard enough stories of the vicious shifter monsters preying on innocents to know that they're more likely to kill me than continue to keep me hostage if I'm not worth as much as they think. If he knew my life didn't hold as much weight as he suspects it does, he would have let me die from fever in the dungeons.

 When I don't respond, the King's sharp smile grows wider, a predator circling his prey.

He takes a slow, measured step in my direction, head cocking to the side. After a long assessing look, his hand dips into his trouser pocket. There's a glint of blue as he tosses an object toward me. I flinch at the sudden unexpected motion until a little corked bottle lands lightly in the exact center of my lap.
 
I can barely breathe when he speaks next. His voice is like a shadow-unassuming on the surface but with a dark undercurrent, "Tell me, Princess, how long have you been ill?"

I can't take my eyes off the familiar blue glass bottle clutched between my fingers. I twist the smooth cool surface between my suddenly clammy fingertips, "You got my medicine."

"Yes, I can't exactly have my hostage dying on me. It would negate the point." He informs me dryly.

"The point being?"

"Leverage, of course."

 I suddenly feel exhausted-and that exhaustion seeps into my voice, "Leverage to do what, exactly?"

His sharp smile grows, "What would be the fun if I just tell you?"

His sharp smile drops away, and without another word, he turns back on me to exit through the door he had entered through.

Before he can take a step though, I call out, "How did you know?" 

He pauses in his tracks, turning to look over his shoulder at me. His dark eyebrows arch in question.

My cheeks warm under that intense questioning gaze,  "About my medicine, I mean. And how did you get it? This is the same bottle that was sitting in my room." 

He doesn't respond with words, just a tsking sound as if it's ridiculous that I should ask. "I have my ways," He reaches for the door handle, "Anything else you'd like to make your stay more enjoyable, Princess?" The sarcasm in his voice is thick, "As you know, I live to please." 

I bristle at the connotations behind that statement-as if my medicine is a luxury item rather than something I need to live from one day to the next. Not to mention the streak of annoyance that zings through me at his continual avoidance of giving me a single straightforward answer to any of my questions since I've been here.

I lean back into the plush pillows tucked behind my back and purse my lips. I tap a finger thoughtfully to my chin as if I'm seriously considering his sarcastic question, "Hmmwell, I wouldn't say no to some chocolates. And I'd like some flowers brought in to brighten things up around here since I don't have a window. Everything is just so *gray*, you know? And if I'm going to be stuck in bed for a while, I'd appreciate a few books-you do have *books* here don't you?" The King's eyes narrow, darkening at my sarcasm, but I ignore that, voice brightening as I'm struck by another thought, "Oh!-and a harp! Do you have a harp stashed away somewhere around here that you can bring in for me?" 

His lip curls in annoyance, and I blink in surprise as a flash of yellow sparks through his black eyes, "Demanding little thing, aren't you?" 

I widen my eyes ingratiatingly, all faux innocence, "I don't know what you mean." I don't know where I get the nerve to antagonize a King let alone a king of *monsters*. Being on the brink of dying should have given me more self-preservation than this, but unfortunately, it seems to have the opposite effect. I feel a little reckless. 

Still, as he blinks at me, I silently wonder if I've gone too far. If he's the vindictive type of person that my father is. Half of me worries that he'll cross the room and take the bottle of medicine back for my impudence. Tossing it into the fire while he laughs. Or maybe he'll send me back to the dungeons. That's something my father, the Seelie King, would do in his position. My father doesn't tolerate any modicum of disrespect in his presence. 

To my everlasting shock, Commander Lothbrook doesn't do any of those things. He lifts an eyebrow sardonically, a strong pale face settling back into a bland mask. His black eyes are bright, though, something flickering just below the surface-amusement? "Unfortunately, prisoners don't get to make demands. Someone will be up with food for you later."

He turns to leave through the door for the second time but pauses with his hand hovering over the handle. He doesn't say anything for a single dragged-out silent moment, then sighs as if he's been arguing against himself and lost. His voice is a low rumble as he asks, "What do you want a harp for anyway?" It's like he can't help but ask-like the question is being ripped from an open wound.

I grin slowly, letting my eyes fall closed as I fall back against the pillow, "Bring one and I'll be sure to tell you."
###chapter 7
As the King promised, I don't have to wait long until a knock sounds at the door. The person on the other end doesn't wait for me to call out an answer before the door creaks open. It's the older woman from before-I remember that the King had called her Mitra-and she lopes into the room, having exchanged her knitting for a large brassy tray that she balances in her arms. She doesn't say anything to me as she comes in, but she also doesn't glare or appear nervous to be in my presence which is an unexpected stroke of luck.

She strides slowly and calmly across the room and sets the tray carefully on my lap. Because of the illness, I can't remember how long it's been since I've eaten. Long enough that my stomach clenches in on itself and lets out an earsplitting gurgle as the smell of food wafts into my face.

To Mitra's credit, she doesn't even glance up at the sound, but my cheeks warm all the same. I clear my throat, taking in the spread before me. There's a carved wooden bowl of what appears to be a creamy-looking porridge along with buttered toast and a plate of sliced yellow fruit. Not to mention there's a steaming mug of dark colored liquid at the corner of the tray that makes my heart give a happy lurch. Tea. Thank the Mother. Who knew I could miss something as simple as tea so much?

The tray's simple fare may not be as elegant or complex as the food I'm accustomed to eating at home in the Seelie palace, but it's a far cry better than what I'd been given while I'd been in the room I'd assumed was the dungeon-which had already been a step up from what a normal prisoner would expect. 

 I'm not surprised in the least that my sarcastic request for chocolate has gone unfulfilled-I am a prisoner after all. And as the King had so generously reminded me- "Prisoners don't get to make requests." What does come as a shock, though, is the arrival of a few leather-bound books that Mitra sets down beside my lunch. 

I can only stare at them for a moment in shock, my eyes dancing back and forth between Mitra and the books, "These are for me?" I ask her, unable to keep my hands from drifting over the thick smooth leather encasing the smooth pages.

Mitra's eyes follow the motion, gray eyes sparking genially, and she nods once.

"Thank you," I tell her, unable to keep my genuine pleasure from my voice at the prospect of having something to do during my time here aside from staring blankly at the walls or being tortured by my own tangled and worried thoughts.

She simply nods again, making her way to the door of the room in the same slow shuffle she'd arrived in, her slippered feet making light scraping sounds across the rough stone floor. I can't help but bring the book to my chest as I watch her make her way through the door of the room. She closes the heavy door behind her without a second glance, the sound of a lock sliding into place behind her.

I flip through the pages of each of the books, the familiar smell of worn and well-loved paper wafting in my face as I flip through the pages. I don't recognize the titles, but they appear to be books of fiction-which is even better than I could have hoped. I'm shocked at the well of emotion the simple sight of these books brings up in me. The corners of my eyes sting with the hot prick of unshed tears. These books are a life raft in this unfamiliar terrain-a breath of fresh air after I'd felt like I'd been drowning the past few days.

I don't know what to attribute this show of kindness to-the fact I'd almost died, maybe? But it's more goodwill than I ever anticipated from them, being as if I'm a prisoner. A prisoner in the hands of the monsters roaming the North no less. 

The Seelie Court has quite a few enemies-though I'd heard that it hasn't always been this way. Starting with my grandfather, our Court began to fight back against those who would think that we're soft. The desire to turn the Seelie Court into a force to be reckoned with started with him. Aspiring to spread the light and Magic of the Seelies for all to enjoyor something like that. Father continually talks of the importance of pushing out our borders-and I'd heard whispers among the courtiers of him wanting to make a name for himself among the history books.

With my illness, I'd spent a lot of time up in my rooms watching the comings and goings of the court up from my window seat. I'd seen the way that the Seelies treat those we deem our enemies. And it's nothing at all akin to the way I'd been treated since I'd been here. Even being a Princess, I can't get rid of the niggling feeling of confusion over my captor's actions since I'd been here-

My whirling thoughts are interrupted by another deafening gurgle from my stomach and I set those grappling thoughts aside in favor of distracting myself with food. I set the books down on the bedspread near my lap, reaching for the tea first. 

My mouth and throat feel like they've been scratched raw-sanded down with granite and baked in the sun-while I'd been sick. The tea is delicious-the honey and camomile flavor soothing my throat as I suck it down. I try not to drink it down too fast, wanting to savor it since I don't know if I'll be given any more while I'm here. Still, it's gone way too quickly. The porridge is more delicious than it looks and as I take a bite from the yellow fruit, I find that it's been drizzled with honey. I get uncomfortably full much too quickly after having not eaten for a few days. Regardless, I scrape my bowl clean, finishing off every last bite. 

 With the food gone, I tug the chains binding my wrists as far as they'll go so I can set the tray neatly on the armchair beside my bed. I climb back into the pile of covers, now with a warm, full stomach. Getting myself situated among the pillows, I pull the books into my lap and settle in for the afternoon, while pointedly ignoring the uncomfortable clink of chains scraping against my wrists where the bindings connect. 

Flipping the cover open on the top book in the stack, I leaf through the pages, letting myself settle into the unexpected comfort. If I squint my eyes, I can almost imagine that I'm back in my room at home. It's not entirely different from how I spend my days after an unexpected recourse of illnessand I honestly have no idea whether to be comforted by that fact or thrown off balance at the prospect that my normal day-to-day life doesn't differ much from the life of a prisoner.
###chapter 8
That's how I spend the majority of my day-curled up in the bed and riffling through the pages of the book. Interspersed among the reading, though, with so much time on my hands, I can't help but mull over the conversation I'd had with the king earlier.  I'm halfway through the book in my lap when there's another knock at the door-this one much firmer than the last. The door opens again before I have the chance to reply and a man and a woman stride into the room.
 
I can tell they're guards immediately, just from the way they carry themselves. They peer around the room, eyes flickering over every surface in search of a threat. I don't know what they're expecting me to do to them chained up to the bed the way I am. I meet their suspicious gazes with a wary one of my own.

They're each in lightweight gear-swords strapped to each of their backs and clad in dark heavy-duty fabrics. Their armor appears to be much more lightweight than the shining gold-plaited armor of the guards I'm used to seeing around the palace back at home. After their initial glance in my direction, they ignore me, prowling the perimeter of the room, their hands lingering on the hilts of their weapons as if expecting someone to jump out at them at any moment.

I watch them prowl around the room for a few long moments, and when they still don't say anything to me, my curiosity gets the better of me and I say, "Not that you aren't welcome here, but what exactly are you two looking for?"

The male doesn't deign me with a response, just a singular grunt as he searches around the nightstand beside the bed.

The female guard, though, pauses at my question, throwing a glance over her shoulder, "Never you mind, Princess. Just go back to what you were doing. We won't be long." There's something familiar about her voice, but I can't quite place it before she disappears into the connecting bathing chamber.

I purse my lips, gingerly eyeing the male guard who's now prowling the space beside my bed. I know I'm a prisoner, but, there's something so undignifying about sitting chained to a bed in a rumpled nightgown while strangers search the room. I may not have magic like my sister, but even she wouldn't be able to pull setting up some trap while chained in iron to a headboard. Something inside me prickles and I say blandly, "Whatever you do, don't look under the bed. That's where I keep my hidden stash of explosives, and they've been known to be quite temperamental. "

The male guard shoots me an irritated look but doesn't say anything as he crouches down to check beneath the bed.

I sigh, clutching the book tightly to my chest, "Jeez, I was only joking... I'm not an idiot. Everyone knows it's better to keep explosives in the closet. "

With the books clutched in my hands, I suddenly get the urge to hide them-what if they take them away? Butit's already too late. I only manage to tuck one under the blanket before the female guard strides back into the room.

"After your recent brush with death, His Highness wants us to check in on you directly for as long as you're here. Make sure that you don't take ill again or have someone sneak in and try to murder you"

"Right," I nod as if this makes perfect sense, tone dry, "Of course. We can't have the King's leverage to die unexpectedly before he has a chance to use her, can we?"

"Glad to see we're all on the same page." The male guard grumbles under his breath.

My eyes trail back to the female guard who's slowing down-coming to the end of her sweep of the room. I blink, suddenly remember why her voice sounds somewhat familiar. It was her voice I'd heard in the dungeon. She was the female guard who found me, making sure I didn't stop breathing while the other guard went to fetch the King. I turn my full focus to her and say, "It's good to see that you weren't demoted by my almost dying like you were expecting."

The female guard's face whips in my direction, her mouth stretching into an amused grin before she can stop it, "You heard that, did you?"

The male guard glances between us suspiciously, thick arms crossed over his chest, "What are you talking about?"

"It's nothing," the female guard rocks lightly on her feet, adjusting the neckline of her gear, "I just didn't think the Princess was conscious enough to hear me rambling to myself in the dungeons while I waited for Erik to come back."

"I don't think there's anyone who could stay unconscious with your boot jamming into their side the way it was." I don't know where those words come from-I don't usually rib other people aside from my sister. No one in the palace back at home has ever quite known what to make of me and tend to avoid me like the plague whenever possible. 

So it's not my utter shock when the female guard throws her head back and laughs. It's a deep throaty sound that warms something in my chest-just a little bit. 

"What can I say, I have a sharp kick," She jabs her elbow into the male guard's ribs and he rolls his eyes. "You're not the only one who's been on the wrong end of my boot. Isn't that right, Xavier?" 

I attempt to fight back a small smile, and fail, "It's very impressive, I can see why you got promoted."

The female guard chuckles again and even the male guard's mouth twitches around the corner.

I clear my throat, fingers twitching along the blankets tucked around my lap, "Have either of you heard any news of me going home? Any word from my father?"

Both of the guard's faces turn sober as soon as the words are out of my mouth. It's the male guard who answers, "We can't divulge any information to you, Princess. If the King has anything he wishes for you to know, he'll inform you himself."

The King had been about as forthcoming as a stone wall since I'd been here. Letting nothing slip. I didn't want to risk pressing them for more information though-don't want them to grow suspicious for any reason. I nod, biting the inside of my cheek to stop myself from peppering them with a million other questions.

The male guard, Xavier, grumbles, "There are guards stationed right outside your room, so don't attempt anything. Any untoward actions on your part will only land you right back into the dungeons."

"We'll be back to do another check-in tomorrow." The female guard says, voice as stern as the males, but she shoots me a wink as they both turn to leave. Something about the simple action reminds me of my sister for the second time. Thinking of my Lucia sends a shot of pain through my chest. I miss her, desperately. What if they keep me here and I never see Lucia again? I very well could have died in that dungeon. Would my family have ever been told what happened to me? Would Lucia spend the rest of her life wondering where I was? I would do anything to be with my sister again-and I know she's doing everything in her power along with father to get me back. I just have to believe in that.

The lock clicks behind the guards as they disappear into the hallway. Alone, in the silence of the room, I stare after them long after they leave.
###chapter 9
I toss and turn in bed, attempting to sleep for a few hours before I finally give up trying and re-open another book. I'd already finished one and had moved on to the next. It's when I'm nearing the end of the second book in my lap when something happens. It's a small sound at first-so small that I barely notice it at all. A low rumbling. Almost an echo of a hum-but it's so quiet in my room that it's noticeable. I pause in my reading, fingers freezing where they cling to the pages, straining my ears to listen. 

I would force myself to ignore it and keep reading except for the fact that the noise is getting louder. Increasing from a low humming to a reverberating rolling noise similar to thunder. As the noise increases, the bed begins to tremble beneath me. The chains linking me to the wall clink loudly as the floor and walls quiver in uncontrollable tremors. I cling to the bedding with white knuckles, my heart a staccato rhythm in my chest.

*What in the world is happening?!*

The desperate sound of clanging bells cut through the rumbling earth followed by screams.

The sound of screaming has a bead of sweat trickling down my neck. I don't think I can be any more on edge, but I'm proven *very* wrong when the door to my room bangs open so hard that it bounces against the stone wall behind it. At the unexpected crash of the door, I  jump probably five feet into the air, only unclenching my hands from their death grip on the bedding so I can scramble back into the headboard.

Commander Lothbrook, the Shifter King, stalks into the room and I don't know whether to be relieved or even more terrified. I take in the grave expression on his face, his smooth but hurried movements and my stomach clenches in a way that's reminiscent of when the fever overtakes me.

*"What's happening?"* I shout over the thunderous noises echoing among the stone and the sound of the furniture rattling around the floor.

He doesn't answer at first, sliding the key in his hand I hadn't noticed into the lock securing my chain to the wall. "Time to move, Princess. *Now*."

With the lock undone, he untethers the links from the hook on the wall, looping the chain around his wrist. "Let's go." He says, tugging me along by the chain that still binds my wrists.

I trip over my own feet in my struggle to follow along, my bare feet catching on the hem of my borrowed night dress. The King sets a brutal pace, tugging me through the doorway. In the hallway, the other noises are louder-the clanging bell and screams deafening, as the world rocks on its axis around us.

The hallway is a dark narrow tunnel, lit only with a row of golden sconces lining the wall. The guards who were supposed to be outside my door are nowhere to be found as we make our way into the dim rumbling walkway.

The cuffs on my wrist chaff and sting as Commander Lothbrook drags me along. I'm not used to moving so quickly-practically sprinting down the passageway- let alone with the floor shaking beneath my feet, and we don't make it very far when I finally trip fully. My hand automatically goes to the stone wall beside me in an attempt to catch myself, but I only manage to scrape my skin uselessly against the rough surface, free-falling to the ground. 

Before I can hit the floor, a strong band of hard-muscled arm whips out and catches me, keeping me upright. He doesn't say anything, and doesn't attempt to keep dragging me along down the hallway. Instead, in a single fluid motion, he shifts his massive hands to my waist and unceremoniously throws me over his muscled shoulder. Like I weigh no more than a sack of flour.

My breath whooshes from my chest as I land *hard* and he takes off again. I don't even have time to protest as he moves down the hallway faster than I thought possible. Bouncing along on his shoulder, the walls blurring behind us, I realize with a grimace that what had been a breakneck speed for me had been moving *slow* for him.

We wind our way up a narrow set of winding stairs. He comes to a sudden halt outside a doorway, yanking it open and striding inside. I expect him to put me down hard, and as he reaches for my waist to put me down I brace myself for the impact. Instead, he sets me down startlingly gently. He sets his hands on my shoulders to brace me while I gather my balance on the quivering floor. 

When I'm steady, he takes a brusque step back, giving me enough space to eye the room he's brought me to. It's small and empty-appearing more like a storage closet than anything else except for the fact that there's no furniture or boxes to speak of. Light comes in from two tall and skinny gaps in the stone-too narrow to fit through, but enough to let light in. 

He goes to the gap in the stone-glassless windows of some sort-peering out into the world below, one of his large hands bracing on the wall. 

"Why did you bring me here? What's happening?" I ask though it's hard to even hear myself over the grating rumbling that's still tearing its way through the building. Admittedly, the floors weren't quaking as hard as they had felt to be as we had been moving down the hallway, my teeth not rattling in my skull as they had been before. 

He turns to glance at me over his shoulder, his long and wickedly sharp canines glinting in the light from the window, "This is one of our safe rooms. I brought you here to wait out the storm. We wouldn't want you to get caught in an unexpected cave-in, would we?"

I shudder at the mere thought of being caught chained in that room as the walls came down around me. Gratitude managed to pierce through me despite everything else happening around us. I'm a *prisoner*-he could have just risked it and left me there, leverage or not, but instead he'd braved the quaking halls carrying me to a safe room. "Thank you. For coming to get me." I say, copying the way he's bracing himself against the wall. 

He peers down at me, consideringly, dark eyes looking especially dark in this lighting-as black as the wickedly sharp horns protruding from his forehead. He dips his head in a single nod before peering out through the gap in the wall again.

"What sort of storm causes all *this*?" I ask, biting my lip as the trembling continues to increase. The bell outside suddenly ceases its ringing, the world falling quiet around us without its constant clanging. 

"A bad one," He growls, "And you need to get down, because it's about to get worse."

"Wha-" before I have time to even follow his command, his large hands go to my shoulders and press down until I'm crouching on the floor. My heart gives an unsteady fluttering beat as the rumbling roaring earth manages to turn even more chaotic. But even more shocking than that, the monster in front of me curves his massive body over mine like a protective wall, sheltering me from what is to come.
###chapter 10
I don't know how long we crouch there on the floor. The King's arms caging me in-protecting my head from colliding with the wall and from the debris simultaneously getting knocked loose from the ceiling as the world thunders around us. It feels like the entire earth is coming loose at the seams. Yet, somehow, even with the sound of screaming echoing from outside and the terrifying pounding of my heartbeat, I don't feel scared. The feel of Damien Lothbrook's body crowding over my own, safeguarding me from the terrors beyond, helps dispel some of the anxiety that's wracking through my system. 

His breathing-the constant in and out of his chest-is slow and steady. It's an anchor in the chaos. I latch onto that sound and match my breathing with his to steady myself. It works better than I anticipated. I keep my focus on *him*-on the simple constance and warmth of his body over mine-and everything that's going bad around us somehow doesn't feel as terrifying as I know that it should. Under this King's protection, I feel irrationally*safe*.

I don't know how long we crouch like that on the floor-minutes, hours? But eventually, the rumbling outside begins to fade, the stone floors steadying beneath our feet. When the shaking ground has stilled, the King's body stays fixed over mine for an extended period. 

"Is itover?" I ask, swallowing hard.

Commander Lothbrook's body stiffens above me and then, slowly-so slowly-he removes himself from where he's been hovering over me. He leans his large body against the wall beside me, and I feel an irrational loss as his warmth is removed from my own. It feels like the sting of something vital being ripped from my skin. I shake the ludicrous feeling off and blink over at the male now sitting beside me.

 He's already looking at me.

Even though we're sitting on the floor together, his head still comes higher than mine. Seated this closely to him I can make out the dark lashes fanning around his eyes, the faint line of a scar along his cheek. He's beautifulthere's no denying that. 

The monstrous features-the horns and the sharp teeth and the spikes along his back- had taken my sole focus the first few times I'd seen him. Now that I'm getting used to those differences, I can't help but be taken in by the sharp lines of his cheekbones, the angular point of his jaw, and the light scruff-creating shadows on his pale skin.

And his eyes flash with a deep shade of purple.

I blink back my shock. "Your eyes changed," I accuse, unable to help the curious tilt of my chin as I take in the subtle difference.

His eyebrows shoot to his hairline. Even after all of the terrifying commotion we'd just endured, his hair was somehow still perfectly rumpled, not a hair out of place. I'm sure I look like a crypt keeper-my white hair feels like it's standing on end after spending days on end in a bed without a proper brush and then racing through the halls just now.

His eyes, which had been purple only moments ago, now flash with a yellow light. And without thinking about it, I lean forward to get a better look, feeling my lips tilt up, face lighting in my fascination. 

"They just did it again! That's *amazing*. I've never seen anything like it before." I trail off. 

His pupils dilate-probably from shock at how bold I'm being by throwing myself into his space the way I am. As I continue to lean in, his eyes dip so quickly to my lips before going back to my eyes that I wouldn't have noticed it if I weren't staring right at them. So quickly that I wonder if I imagine it. I gasp in wonder as the color shifts again to a deep crimson red.

He clears his throat, eyes flickering over my face, "They have a habit of doing that unfortunately. It's not uncommon among shifters for a person's eyes to change colors."

It's then I realize how improper I'm being, practically sitting in his lap. I lean back in a rush, a heated blush overtaking my face, "Sorry," I rush to apologize, "I didn't mean toget in your face like that. It's justwow, I've never been around a shifter before. Your eyes are incredible."

The crimson shade of his eyes swirls darker before flashing with another streak of yellow.

I can't read his expression as he clears his throat again and tugs a hand through his raven-black hair. "The storm is over now. Sometimes there are aftershocks, but it's been long enough now that I would say we don't have to worry about those this time."

The reminder of the teeth-rattling sensation of the thunder rolling through the building, and the echoing sound of screams, has my stomach roiling with nerves. I gnaw worriedly on my lip, "What kind of storm was that?"

He considers me for a moment, his eyes again that same dark shade of black I remember them being the previous times I'd seen him. His head tilts thoughtfully as if unsure of how much to share, "We call them earth storms," He finally says, hands flexing on the stone floor beneath us, "they've been occurring in these mountain ranges for as long as history books go back. Though not at the frequency they've been arising these past few months."

"I never knew--" I feel my eyebrows pulling together as I consider his words. The idea that these earth storms were a common occurrence around these parts had me feeling a concern for the people who are constantly enduring that sort of terror, "I was never made aware of this happening in the mountains. Is there something that's causing these storms? I mean, if they're coming more frequently--"

Damien Lothbrook eyes me like I'm a puzzle he can't quite figure out. What appears to be bewilderment streaks across his face, as if taken aback by my concern, "We have an idea of what's causing it, yes."

I open my mouth to ask him more, but there's a knocking at the door interrupting me before I can voice the questions burning through me. The King pulls himself from the floor and to a standing position with more grace than I would have thought possible for someone of his size and stature. He covers the distance to the door in two brisk strides.

He opens the door to the two guards I recognize-the male and female shifters who searched my room the other day. At the sight of their king, both guards bring one of their arms across their arms their leather-clad chests in a salute. His head dips in a returning nod.

"Report?" The King asks in a low, brusque voice. 

"No casualties to report, sir. Two injured, though they are already receiving treatment."

The king hums a low acknowledgment, "See to it that their treatments are taken care of by our healers. And keep me updated on their conditions."

"Yes, highness," the guards say in unison.

"Anything else to report?"

"No sign of fog," the female says.

"We got lucky this time then," the king lets loose a deep sigh, tugging one of his large hands through his dark hair.

While they're distracted, I decided to pull myself to my feet as well-not nearly as graceful as the king was. In a slow brutal motion, I push up from the ground with shaky arms, the muscles in my legs screaming in protest as they take my weight after the strain of sprinting down the hallways.

Unfortunately, the king senses my movement-of course, he does-and automatically throws out a hand to steady my swaying stance. His large hand holds my upper arm in a grip that's firm and steady but remarkably gentle. The warm grip seeps through the thin fabric of my nightgown and heats the skin beneath. An unbidden blush rises to my cheeks at the need for assistance, but I'm grateful for his help nonetheless. Much better than accidentally landing face-first on the ground by accident.

I swallow hard and gently clear my throat, "Thank you."

I'm too embarrassed to meet the dark gaze I can feel focused on my face. His hand flexes where it rests on my arm. I don't know how, but I can feel when he takes his attention off me turning it back to the guards standing at the door. "Make sure the princess gets back to her room safely. See to it that she gets anything she requires and then meet me back in the main room to see to follow-up procedures."

"Yes, sir." The guards intone with another salute across their chests.

I look back up to take in the sharp, brutal lines of his face that have become somewhat familiar to me over the short time we'd spent in this small room together. He meets my gaze with his own-eyes still the same deep black of his hair, "You'll be safe with Arden and Xavier." The king tells me. He hesitates as if he's about to say something else, before giving me a quick nod and striding brusquely out of the room. 

I don't know whybut I feel an unexpected hollowness in his wake.
###chapter 11
As the King said, the guards helped get me back to my room-or I guess, the more accurate description would be my *cell*. I push myself to walk as quickly as I can, though it's still slower than I know they'd like to be going. My hairline prickles with sweat at the exertion, but there's no way I'm going to complain about the speed. I'm sure they have people to tend to, and while they may not be *my* people, I'm sure they need help after that ordeal, and I want them to be able to get it.

Halfway to my room, a thought occurs to me and I can't stop myself from asking, "The fog you were talking about with the King earlieryou weren't talking about a normal kind of fog, were you?" 

The guards-Arden and Xavier, the king had called them-share a look and Xavier shrugs.

"You're right," Arden says with a glance down at me, "I wasn't talking about a normal fog."

I hesitate a moment, then ask, "What is it? Is it kind of like the earth tremors from before?"

I'm surprised when the ever-serious male guard, Xavier, is the one to respond, "It's not like the earth tremors, but it's just as deadly," He says in a grave voice, "Usually around the time that the tremors happen, a scarlet fog comes through. It's poisonous to breathe in, and burns like fire if it comes in contact with skin."

I feel all the blood drain out of my face, my breaths turning to lead in my lungs, "What do you do if there's a fog? How do you escape it?"

"There's nothing you *can* do except pray to the Mother that you're able to outrun it."

I can't stop the shudder that runs down my spine at those words. We continue on the remaining distance to my room in silence. 

************************************************

The guards deposit me back into the bed of my "room", diligently reconnecting my chain back into the wall. A few pieces of furniture had been knocked down and tumbled around the stone flooring in the storm, and there was a thick layer of gravelly dust lining the comforter of the bed. One of the tapestries had come undone from its place where it had been hooked onto the stone wall and now lays in a crumpled heap on the floor. 

After making sure I'm secured back onto the wall, the guards leave in a hurry, ready to make it back to help with what I'm sure was a huge cleanup. I'm more than happy to see that the books were undamaged in the earthstorm. The iron chains binding my wrists clink noisily as I brush the dust off their covers and continue their rattling as I move on to brush off the dust and debris coating the bed when I am finished with the books. 

As I shake out the dust, I notice that one of the books-the book I'd been reading before the storm-had been shaken off the bed in the commotion. I grimace, trying to judge the distance from the bed to where it now lay among the tumbled furniture. I climb off the bed, tugging uselessly at where the chain strains against my stinging wrists. I stretch my foot out as far as I can reach and curse under my breath when it's too far for me to touch.

After a few minutes of useless tugging and stretching, I finally, reluctantly give up for now. I climb back into the bed, picking up one of the other books I'd already read. I try to focus on that for a while, but after reading the same few lines over and over again without retaining their meaning, I quickly realize that while my body may be exhausted from the trek through the halls and the stress of the storm, but my mind is wired and spinning through too many thoughts to focus on the books in front of me.

My mind keeps going back to the terrifying feeling of the world coming down around me and Damien Lothbrook's solid chest blocking out the horrors beyond. Something about the memory of his protective stance over me and the warmth of safety stays solidly fixed in my mind. Not to mention the way that his eyes had changed colors.

He may be considered a monster by my people-had technically kidnapped me from my own home-but I can't help but admit that he'd been anything but monstrous in those long oppressive moments of danger. He'd been*kind*. I wasn't naive enough to think that he had been kind to me for any reason other than the fact that I was the collateral he needed to keep alive to get my father to do his bidding. But, even still, it hadn't stopped his actions from being any less surprising.

I don't know how long I lay there, but it must be a few hours at least because my stomach is well past growling and has moved onto clenching and cramping uncomfortably. The fire in the grate is now nothing but dim ashy embers, the room too dark to read even if I could concentrate. 

My restless circling thoughts are interrupted by the quiet clicking of my door unlocking. My stomach clenches again, but not from hunger, at the sight of Damien Lothbrook's broad shoulders taking up the entirety of the doorway as he enters my room for the second time that day.

The lighting is so dim that I can barely make him out at first, but the muffled sound of his swearing confirms who it is. His dim outline stalks into the room to crouch in front of the fireplace. The quiet scraping of him restarting the flames in the grate comes only moments before the room alights in shades of orange and yellow as the fire sparks back to life.

He's in the same clothing he was in before, but now there's dust streaked to his dark pants and boots and his raven hair is ruffled to the point of being in total disarray. Even from this distance, I can make out the dark smears lining his eyes. Eyes that are narrowed in on me.

He looks pissed.
###chapter 12
The sight of his fiery displeasure has me swallowing uncomfortably. I shift around, adjusting myself into a more appropriate position on the mattress where I'm currently being swallowed among the piles of bedding. 

"Is everything alright?" I ask, the question coming out more hesitant than I meant for it to.

"No," he clips, the full focus of his gaze still narrowed in on me, "Everything is not *alright*. How long have you been sitting here in the dark?"

I can't help but notice the fact that his eyes are orange-an orange as bright and unforgiving as the fire flickering behind him. My stomach flutters-*flutters*-at the unexpected sight like a flock of butterflies has taken flight, trying to escape. 

Shit. 

It's like now that I've noticed how attractive he is, I can't *un*-notice it. And knowing how irrational that is doesn't make it any less true. This man had kidnapped me and was using me as a hostage to get what he wanted from my father and there is absolutely *no* room for attraction in this scenario.

"The fire hasn't been out that long," I shrug, going for nonchalance, but if his expression is an indication, I'm failing in my efforts, "It's fine."

"Don't lie to me, Princess," his voice is a low growl that vibrates from my toes, all the way up my spine. "Has no one been by here since the storm?"

There's something about the too-calm way he asks the question that has me hedging around the answer, "I'm sure there was a lot to do around here, things keeping everyone busy-" I cut off when his eyes narrowed, "but, no. No one's been in here since Xavier and Arden left."

He doesn't say anything to that for a long moment, but he finally acknowledges my answer with a sharp nod. He then turns his broad form away from me settling his attention on the toppled furniture throughout the small room. I follow his gaze, taking in the disarray the storm caused. It looks much worse in the bright light of the fire than it had when I could only make out the rough outline of things. 

He steps up to the closest piece of toppled furniture and my stomach twists in equal measures of shock and bewilderment as he crouches down to lift the chair and set it gently back on its feet. He continues around the room, rearranging the pieces back where they belong as easily as if they weigh nothing. Though by their bulk, it's easy to see that they'd crush me-or any normal person for that matter-like a bug if I had been standing too close to it during its fall.

"You should consider bolting them." The words are out of my mouth before I take the chance to think about what I'm saying.

The sound of my voice draws his eyes to me again instantly, "Bolting what?" He asks in that low voice of his that's becoming increasingly familiar.

My cheeks warm and I move my focus down to the bedding and brush off dust and gravel I hadn't noticed before, "The furniture, I mean. If those storms are happening more often, it might be worth finding a way to bolt the heavier pieces to the walls. It may help prevent a few people from injuryor save the furniture from being damaged at least."

I don't look up from where I'm adjusting the bedding around me, but I can feel his eyes on me-the intense way he studies me for a long moment.

"It's a good thought." He finally says I look up in time to catch him turning back to the task of re-hanging the tapestry back in its place on the wall. The careful, deliberate way he moves about the room setting things right really shouldn't shock me as much as it does. Never in a million years could I picture my father in a similar position working his way through a room and tidying. It's no secret to those around the Seelie Palace that my father would rather die than be subjected to any menial task he considers to be "below him". I've never even seen him pull out his chair or open his door before, let alone pick up anything from off the floor.

If my father had been in Damion Lothbrook's shoes, he would have called for a servant to right the furniture for him. Yet, the methodical way that this male moves about the room is evidence of the fact that while he may be the ruling monarch of this mountain range, he's certainly no stranger to hard work. 

I can't quite make this man out. This man who kidnapped me, but also went to terrifying lengths to ensure that I didn't die while in his care. Who chains me to his walls, but also moved me to a more comfortable room and hasn't taken me back to the dungeons yet. The man who's keeping me prisoner but had books delivered to me so I have ways to spend my time. Who rushed in here during the earthstorm to be sure I was safe and even shielded me with his own body-

"You look like you're thinking about something extremely hard over there."

I purse my lips, bringing my full focus back on him-shocked to find him now standing at the foot of my bed. When had he moved so close? "I'm not reallyI guess I was just thinking about how I should probably thank you-"

"You want to *what*?" He sounds like he's choking on gravel. I can't tell if he's flabbergasted or horrified, "Why in the name of this godforsaken world would you thank me?" 

Despite my better judgment, something about his tone makes my lips curve up at the edges, forcing a smile out of me, "You didn't have to come and save me earlier. Or take the time to come check on me now and light the fire for me. Oh! And I haven't had the chance to thank you for the books-"

I don't think I'm imagining the bewildered way that his eyes narrow in on my mouth when it tips up into a grin. Or the way his dark eyebrows come together like he's never seen a smile before. His stunned expression only makes my smile grow wider.

"Now, it looks like you're the one who's thinking extremely hard about something," I tell him, laughter bubbling out of me without my permission.

He schools his features, but his black eyes turn a deep wine shade of red before shifting to a grayish-silver color that shines like a blade. I watch the colors play through his eyes in rapt fascination. He shifts on his feet, studying me like I'm a puzzle that needs solving, "I'm just considering what sort of life you must lead in that palace of yours if you feel the need to thank me for basic decency." He admits in his deep silky voice.

The smile dies on my lips with his words and I tug my eyes away from him, suddenly unable to meet his gaze. He's righta princess *should* be used to having people wait on her hand and foot. They should expect people to go out of their way to make sure that their every whim is seen. The time I'm able to spend with my sister outside of my rooms I've seen the adoring way everyone in the palace follows her with their eyes. The way that they jump at her every request.

People don't do that for me though. My father wants me to have as few staff interacting with me as possible-the fewer people who spend time with me, the fewer people who realize that I'm a liability to him. That my lack of magic and overall health would inevitably fall back as a blemish on his otherwise spotless reputation. 

The few staff who do usually wait on me back at home tend to keep their distance from me. And if their usually panicked glances are any indication, they seem to be under the impression that if they spent too much time around me they would inevitably catch the same illness I was born with.

But Commander Lothbrook doesn't know that. He's somehow still unaware that I'm not the "true" heir to the Seelie throne like he believes me to be. 

And I'm blowing my cover.

###chapter 13
Quickly realizing that I've said the wrong thing, I clear my throat, heat rising to my neck and face yet again. 

"It's just that I didn't think that I'd be offered that level of civility as your prisoner." I anxiously twist at the bottom strands of my long hair. His eyes dip to follow the nervous gesture. Picking up on my apprehensiveness, his dark eyes narrow. 

His long black lashes cast feathering shadows along his impossibly sharp cheekbones, eyebrows coming together consideringly, "Ah, I see."

My stomach clenches in a twist of worry. I really hope he doesn't. But from what I've observed of him so far over my days here as his prisoner, he's more observant than the average person. Much more discerning than I'm comfortable with considering the number of secrets I'm trying to keep straight. 

I rack my brain for an easy segue into another, less precarious topic of conversation. The shadowy lump on the floor in my peripheral offers itself as the perfect reprieve for me and I gesture down drawing his attention to it.

"Oh! I almost forgot. One of the books you lent me slid off the bed in the storm. It somehow managed to land just out of reach. I tried, but the chains-"

Before I finish speaking, he's already crouching to retrieve the book that had gotten the better of me for a good portion of-what must have been-the afternoon. 

"You're making good use of them, then." He notes out loud.

"Why does it sound like that surprises you?"

"It doesn't."

As he stands back up to hand the book to me, I raise an eyebrow at the obvious lie and his eyes flash yellow again. A dimple forms on his cheek. My eyes are drawn to it and I'm overcome with the urge to trace my fingers along it. *What is *wrong* *with me*? 

With rapt attention, I watch the unexplainable changes in his eyes, unable to feel embarrassed by the fascination I can feel written all over my face.

The dimple disappears, smoothing back into the smooth planes of his face, "Forgive me, Princess, it's just that among all the rumors circulating about you through the Courts, an inclination towards books never cut, I'm afraid."

"What rumors?" I ask, startled. Rumors about Lucia? I was never out of my rooms enough to hear whispered gossip, but for some reason, I'd always assumed Lucia was without reproach among our people

He looks to be considering whether to answer or not when he's interrupted by the sound of my stomach letting out a deafening growl. I'm just as shocked as he is by the sound, my hands dropping to my torso to muffle the noise. With the King in here, he'd managed to occupy all of my attention to the point where I'd all but forgotten about my empty stomach. I can't remember the last time I ate and I'm starving.

I glance sheepishly back into the King's face, only to see that his eyes have turned a black so dark it puts the night to shame, "You're hungry." 

There's no point denying it, so I nod.

"No one brought food," The tense lines on his face and shoulders hint at the fact that he's angry, furious even, but for the life of me I can't understand why. His large hands curl into fists at his sides.

"It's fine, really," I say.

He growls out a curse under his breath, stalking the door of my room in two powerful strides. All I can do is gape after him as he leaves the room without an explanation like a dark monstrous storm. Not even a minute later, before I even have the chance to process what that was about, he's back, tray in hand. 

He gingerly places a tray on my lap and all I can do is stare down at it in shock for a breathless moment. The tray is overflowing with food. Plates of bread, cheeses, fruits, roasted chicken. There's even an inordinately large slice of chocolate cake.

"What-"

"Eat." His voice is a low, growling command that makes my stomach clench.

He doesn't have to tell me twice. I pull myself up against the headboard so I don't spill food all over myself and unwrap the roll of silverware accompanying the tray. Overwhelmed by the sheer amount of food before me, I'm not sure where to begin. Another low bone-grating growl emanates from the direction of the male standing over me and I hurriedly stab at a piece of pink melon. 

Sweet juice seeps over my tongue and I sigh softly at the taste. I don't think I'm imagining the way the tight set of his shoulders loosens as I continue taking another bite, chewing quickly. Only after I've taken a handful of bites does he retreat to the armchair he'd positioned near my bed earlier while re-ordering my room. 

Being the focal point of his dark attention should make me uncomfortable, yet it doesn't for some unexplainable reason. The way his black eyes rake over me as I carefully pick through the food is.watchful. Attentive. And I don't know why that makes the center of my chest warm, and a thread of reassurance sparks through me. 

It doesn't take me long to give up on the other foods and finally move on to the chocolate cake. It looks decadent-with layers of frosting and a drizzle of sauce trickled over the top. If my lady's maid, Petra, was here, she'd undoubtedly tell me how *unladylike* it is to eat desserts before finishing with the "real" food. But Petra isn't here though...

I pile my fork high with a cut of the corner that looks like it has the most frosting, unable to stop the small smile I feel on my mouth as I slip the fork past my lips. Holy motherthis cake is divine. The perfect balance of sweet and bitter and I moan softly as I lick the fork clean before going in for another bite.

The King makes a sound from his place near the bed. In full rapture with my cake, I'd somehow managed to completely forget that he was still there. I briefly shift my attention back in his direction, to find his eyes narrowed in on me, a surprising shade of crimson mixed in among the black.

I clear my throat, shooting him a sheepish smile, "Gods, I missed chocolate," I feel the need to explain, before I scoop another bite into my mouth, eyes falling shut as I savor the rich taste, "It's my favorite."

He hums low under his breath, voices a touch rougher than before, "Yes, I remember you mentioning that."

He's watching me so intently that I pause in mid-bite, offering the fork to him automatically, "Sorry, did you want some?"

He considers me for a long moment, head tipping a little as he shifts his weight to lean on the armrest, "Of the cake? No." His voice comes out strangled.

Not quite sure what to make of that statement, all I can do is blink at him, lips parting in shock as a heated flutter takes flight deep in my stomach. 

The moment is interrupted by the clinking of the locks in the door. Both of our heads swivel as our attention turns toward the doorway. The knob turns and three figures emerge from the hall. All three stop dead in their tracks at the sight of their King lounging indolently in the chair beside my bed.
###chapter 14
From the doorway of the room, the guards that I'm fast becoming familiar with-Arden and Xavier-gape at us for a moment. They recover quickly, though, saluting to the man lounging in the chair beside me with simultaneous strikes of their fists across their chests.

Standing behind the two guards is an older man I've never seen before who peeks his lined, graying face into the room. He's holding a tray of food and a puckered, fearful expression on his face, unable to pull his gaze up from his shoes. I watch the trio, for some reason expecting the silent woman, Mitra, to come in after them. I feel my mouth turn down at the corners in surprised confusion when she doesn't. 

"Commander, we didn't expect to see you here," Xavier's chestnut-brown head tilts back up taking in the scene around him.

"Clearly," The Commander drawls dryly, rising slowly, purposely from his chair. He doesn't move from his place beside my bed, though, his towering form preternaturally still. My eyes drift to him of their own will-bouncing back and forth between him and the three figures by the door-trying to make sense of the undertones as a silent communication passes between them.

The female guard, Arden, clears her throat uncomfortably, rubbing a tense hand along the back of her neck, "We have the Princess's dinner, but it would appear you're a step ahead of us your majesty-"

The King's voice is calm, but there's a volatile undercurrent to it, like the edge of a knife-dangerously still, "I need one of you to explain to me why it is that the princess has been sitting here in the dark without meals or check-ins for an entire day."

I can't help but glance up at him in shock and his stony expression turns, tilting briefly down to meet my own. The lines around his mouth and eyes deepen in his typically smooth face. Holding my gaze, he gestures a long finger down to my still overflowing tray of food, "You. Eat." He says to me in a low command, his hand flicking in a gesture to the food in front of me.

I do as he says, picking up the fork I'd all but forgotten about at the arrival of the guards and scoop a bit into my mouth. Only when I started chewing did the King turn his attention back to the trio shifting uncomfortably in the doorway.

"Well, you see-"

"What happened is-" They both rush to start at the same time, talking over one other. They glance at each other awkwardly before Xavier starts up again, turning back to the King.

"Mitra's son was one of those who were injured in the storm. With permission, she went to be with him as he recovered. In all the confusion following the storm, the kitchen staff were never informed of who her replacement was to be. We didn't notice this oversight until now." Xavier turns his attention to me, tilting his head in a show of apology that has my breath still in my chest, "My sincerest apologies, Princess. Your neglect wasn't intentional."

"It's alright," I tell him honestly, "Really. I'm fine."

The guards' eyes lift to me. Shock flits over both of their faces as if mystified by my easy acceptance, and unsure what to make of it. I'm feeling a little bewildered, myself, at the sight of their genuine remorse.

I fidget uncomfortably, going for my usual levity as I clear my throat awkwardly and say, "I meanI *am* your prisoner after all. I can't say I'm an expert in this, but isn't sitting hungry in the dark the standard practice in these types of situations?"

If I'd been bewildered before, it wasn't nearly to the extent I felt when Arden burst out laughing. A full belly laugh that's as rich and decadent as the chocolate cake. At the sound, Xavier also cracks a grin but tries to hide it behind one of his large palms.

"Touché, Princess Lucia." Xavier says when Arden's laugh abates.

From his place beside me, the King lets out a long low sigh, one of his large hands rubbing over his jaw, "You can have that tray you brought sent back to the kitchens and given to someone else."

The middle-aged servant who had been accompanying the guards bows quickly and without a word scampers through the doorway, bolting.

Arden, eyes the place he vacated, mystified, "A bit skittish, that one."

Beside me, Commander Lothbrook hums low in his throat by way of agreement. He raises a single black brow at the guards when they turn their attention back on him, "Was there something else?"

Xavier clears his throat pointedly, eyebrows coming together as if he'd nearly forgotten something important and couldn't understand how, "Yes, sir, I have a missive here that Captain Alfson asked me to deliver to you," he explains in a low voice. He pulls a scroll of paper from the lapel of his vest before crossing the small space in quick strides to place the paper into the King's waiting hand.

The King rolls open the parchment, eyes scanning over the word. As he reads, his body goes still. He crumples the paper in his large fist, expression unreadable as he crosses the room to toss the parchment into the flames. As the note turns to ash, he shifts his attention back to me, "Good news for you, Princess," he tells me, a sardonic twist to his mouth. The dark sheen of his devilishly sharp horns reflects the orangish light of the flames, as he says, "It would seem that your father has agreed to our terms. Tomorrow you'll be returning home."


###chapter 15
The feel of something hot and fuzzy nuzzling my cheek and neck drags me from the familiar fog of a leaden, murky sleep. A sickly sweet taste sticks to my tongue making it difficult to swallow. It feels like there's cotton plastered to my mouth and throat. Thoughts drag thickly like molasses, and it takes me longer than it should to place the slow groggy feeling working its way through my veins. 

My muscles are stiff, back is aching, like I've been asleep for a long time

I feel like I've been drugged. Drugged *again*.

Shit.

My eyes fly open at the feel of something cold and wet pressed to my cheek. With blurry vision, I can just make out a pair of sharp russet eyes*familiar* eyes.

"Alfie?" I croak. The fox, whines low in his throat, burrowing his warm, orange head into my neck again in greeting. He snuggles in agitation as if demanding to know where I've been and lets out another low whine.

I work through my sluggish thoughts, trying to recall how I'd gotten here. After speaking to Commander Lothbrook and the guards in my rooms, they'd left me to finish my dinner and meet with the captain who had sent the message along to the King. They needed to go over the details of how they were going to get me home. After a while, another guard had brought tea by to help me sleep...

*The tea*.

I want to slap myself in the forehead for drinking it down without question, not worried about being drugged in the slightest.

Suddenly, Lucia-the *real* Lucia-appears over me, face hovering near Alfie's. "Lily!" She exclaims. 

My eyes prick with tears at the sound of the one voice as familiar to me as my own. If I resemble an icy frostbitten morning, then Lucia is a golden afternoon in the midsummer. She's always been the sparkling gold to my pale silver. Her face, the color of deep warm sunshine peers down at me as if not quite trusting her eyes. Flowing golden hair falls on my face, tickling my nose. The delicate freckles lining the bridge of her nose are wrinkled now as she stares down at me in concern. Familiar bright green eyes-the antithesis to my pale wintery gray ones-fill with tears that she rushes to blink away.

"You're home," she chokes out, throwing her strong arms around me, her familiar scent of lilacs and vanilla filling my nose. "Thank the Mother. Gods, I can't believe it," She breathes in my ear. After a long moment, she leans back to get a better look into my face. I don't realize I've been crying until she reaches up to brush away the tears sliding down my cheeks.

"What happened? I don't understand how I'm here." I say, voice a dry rasp.

"They told us they were going to bring you back, but we couldn't quite believe it. I *still* can't believe it. They wouldn't tell us how or even when. We only knew you were back when Alfie alerted the maids. Healer Monique believes you were drugged."

That lines up with what I already suspected-- matches with the cottony feeling in my mouth and the sluggish pull of my thoughts.

"Gods, are you alright?" Lucia demands, "Did those savages hurt you?"

My eyebrows come together, "*No*. No, they didn't hurt me. Not at all."

Her full lips pinch together in a hard line, "You don't have to pretend with me, Lily. I've heard what they're like. If those mountain-roaming barbarians did something to you, I need to know. We can get you help."

I don't know why her words make my breath catch in my throat and make me feel the need to defend them, but they do. "They didn't hurt me. They didn't even question me for information. They were actuallykind." I say after a hard swallow. It's the truth, though. The only injuries I experienced during my time there were from my stubbornness in trying to get the shackles off my wrists and the same sickness I always deal with. 

No, they didn't hurt me. Far from it, I realize with a jolt. They protected me when they didn't have to and somehow managed to bring me my medicine when I suddenly fell ill. Looking back on it now that I'm home in my bed I have my head spinning. I don't know how to make sense of it all.

Hesitantly, I meet Lucia's eyes. My stomach twists at the horror painted over her face, blood draining from her tan cheeks, "For the love of the Mother, please don't tell me you feel any sympathy for the shifters. That your irrational draw to*wild* things now includes *them*."

I jolt in shock, stomach-turning to the ice at her brusque, harsh assessment of me, "*Of course not*. They kidnapped me, Luce, how can you even ask that?"

She sighs, rubbing a hand over her forehead in a gesture of exhaustion, as her green eyes soften with remorse, "You're right, I'm sorry. You're my baby sister. It's my job to assume that everyone is trying to manipulate you. It's my job to keep you safe. AndI failed."

I reach out and grab her hand, squeezing gently. Her skin is warm against my icy fingers, "Don't say that. You didn't fail, Lucia. I'm alright. Really."

She blinks back the moisture in her eyes, her usual, fierce expression returning, "You're damn right you are. And they should thank whatever demon they worship in those mountains that that's the case. I'd electrocute their grungy little ant hill to the ground if it were otherwise."

My lips tip up at the corner, hearing the meaning behind her words, "I missed you too."

Her fingers squeeze mine back once and then she releases my hand, standing from the bed in a single graceful movement, "Let me get Petra. You need a bath. Badly."

I snort out a laugh, and she grins back at me as she crosses the bedroom to the door to the sitting room. At Lucia's departure, Alfie rushes in to take her place, snuffling at me as he curls up against my chest. I smile down at him, stroking down his ginger fur with a gentle stroke. 

My room is exactly the way I'd left it the night of the ball. The same lilac-colored bedding and frothy white drapes. The same floral rug that's been on marble floors for as long as I can remember. The windows are open, letting in a sun-warmed flowery-scented breeze from the gardens. The window seat remains how I left it-the place I go to sit and watch the world happening around me. Always on the outside looking in. A permanent fixture there. 

I can't decide if the fact that everything is the same as I left it is comforting or a kind of quiet torture. How can everything be the same on the surface, while on the inside my entire world feels like it's been turned on its head?

*It's as if I'm simply waking up from a dream and the days I spent among the shifters in the mountains never happened.*

As my eyes wander, brushing over everything familiar, a flash of blue on the side table catches my eye.

My medicine.

The same bottle that the King of the Northern Mountains tossed to me a few days ago. It's not where it's supposed to be. Unconsciously, I reach for the one difference in the room like a moth drawn to a flame. It's sitting atop a pile of three books. My heart hammers against my ribcage, blood roaring in my ears as I pull the achingly familiar novels into my lap. 

Alfie's nose snuffles along the surface of the books as if trying to understand why I'm shocked by what's in my hands as my fingers trace instinctively over the surface. They're the books that Damien Lothbrook had lent to me. The books that I'd spent my time pouring over the last few days.

Confusion mixes with a spike of warmth through my chest as I flip through the familiar pages, my heart stopping yet again as a loose piece of parchment flutters from the bed and onto the floor. With a leap, Alfie disappears over the side of the bed before nimbly leaping back up. He brings the unfamiliar piece of paper back with him gently clamped between his teeth. I absently pat his head in silent thanks as I tug the paper free.

It's a note written in strong swooping handwriting.

*It wouldn't feel right to keep these when we both know they belong to you now. -D* 

The sound of returning footsteps outside of my bedroom has me shoving the parchment under my pillows, my heart pounding an irregular beat in my ears as Lucia and Petra glide through the doorway. The words from the letter echo in my head as they help me get to the bath, as Petra insists on washing my hair herself. They linger even as I scrub away my time in the stony mountain rooms. 

They whisper in my head as I soak in the bubbly water until the temperature turns cold and I can't help but wonder if those words echoing in my head will ever leave.


###chapter 16
*Two weeks later*


With a squeeze of my knees, I nudge Prim into a gallop. The dappled mare huffs in acknowledgment, just as happy to be out in the open air as I am. The morning is already humid, and hazy with the scents of horse and leather. As my horse picks up the pace, the clop of her hoofs rings out over the riding ground's hard-packed earth. There's not a cloud in the sky, an endless expanse of pristine blue.

A few strands of my hair escape from the tight braid that Petra had wound it into this morning and it whips against my cheek as I grin. I relax into our new place, adjusting my weight to better keep my balance, before letting the reins drop from my hands and outstretching my arms, feeling the crisp ringing rush of grass and flowers as they rush past. 

The truth is that riding is one of the only times when my body's limitations-my illness-don't hold me back from doing what others can do. Riding is one of the only things that set me free. Prim snorts, shimmying her neck as if to show her shared revelry in this fleeting moment of freedom. 

I ride until we're both winded before nudging Prim back towards the stables. She resists my tug of the reins, huffing her dismay at the prospect of returning to her stall. I pat the strong muscles of her neck, commiserating with her.

"I know girl," I sigh quietly, "Believe me. I don't want to go back any more than you do. But I'll try to convince Petra to let me come out tomorrow as well. I promise."

Prim snorts as if to say, "Fat chance of her allowing that to happen".

I grimace, *Probably so the court doesn't catch wind that the Seelie King's second daughter spends her time conversing with the horses like a crazy person.*

I could only imagine what sort of rumors would circulate if that little piece of information managed to get out. Not only would I be deemed as cursed and contagious by the courtiers, but mentally deranged as well.

Back in the stables, the usual stablehand, Regis, helps me to dismount. He's a gruff older male with lines around his eyes-a rarity for the fae. He isn't one for conversation, but I think I'm slowly wearing him down into tolerating my presence a little more since I started bringing him muffins when I come down for rides. Now instead of outright glaring at my attempts to engage him in conversation, he simply grunts blandly. Progress!

I make an effort to help Regis as he unsaddles Prim and begins the task of rubbing her down after her run. The ride tired me out more than I want to admit, though, and I finally gave up, lowering myself down onto a nearby bale of hay so I could catch my breath.

I stretch my legs out in front of me, the muscles in my lower back complaining from the strain the ride put on them.

"I think that ride may be the most excitement I get today Regis," I admit, picking at the hay that's stabbing into my leg through my plain gray riding dress, "What about you? Any grand plans for the evening?"

He harrumphs a low noise in the back of his throat, not pausing as he works the brush over the whinnying mare-

"I thought I might find you here," Lucia's light voice echoes through the stables and I startle at the sound, "Lily, tell me you're not harassing the servants again. It makes it hard for them to do their jobs."

I turn in time to watch Lucia's boots primly pick her way across the stable floors. She lifts her fashionable, pastel purple dress to keep her hem from dragging along the ground. Her pert nose scrunches up at the smell of the horses and hay.

"I'm not harassing anyone. Right, Regis?" I say, shooting him my most winning smile.

The stablehand doesn't back me up like I'm hoping he will, just coughs dryly and bends at the waist in a respectful bow to Lucia before turning to lead Prim back to her stall. I grimace, as I watch him disappear around the corner. Those muffins must not be working as well as I thought.

Beside me, Lucia sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose between her forefinger and thumb as if searching for patience she doesn't have. When she turns back to face me, her gaze sweeps over my harried, wind-swept appearance and her eyes visibly soften around the edges.

 At this moment, the glaring differences between my older sister and me couldn't be more obvious. This morning her gold hair frames her face in perfect shining ringlets and a warm glow emanates from her sun-kissed skin. The glow is a glimmer of her light-based magic and it subtly haloes her, making her look like sunshine personified. 

As for meI can feel sweat misting my face and dirt-streaked strands of my white hair feather out from my braid in every direction. The simple, deep gray riding dress that Petra had dressed me in this morning is the antithesis of my sister's sunshiny one. 

I would laugh at the ridiculousness of it all if I wasn't also struck with the stinging pang of feeling like I wasn't living up to some lofty, unseen expectation. My life is shadowed with narrowed, appraising eyes judging me against a series of standards I'm not even privy to. I sometimes feel as though I'm drowning in so many failures that I can't even keep track of them anymore.

My sister must see something in my eyes because she steps toward me and gently squeezes my shoulder, the floral scent of her perfume tickling my nose as the flowing fabric of her skirts bustles around us, "I'm glad you were feeling well enough to come down and get some exercise this morning."

"Yeah, me too," I say, smiling up at her.

Her expression shifts to something grim as she recalls the reason she came searching for me out here in the first place, "Father's asking to meet with you," She says.

The sudden, unexpectedness of her words sent a shock through me as palpable as if she'd used her magic on me."Father wants to see me?" My voice echoes hollowly as I try to make sense of it. Hope and dread war within me in equal measure. I haven't seen father in the two weeks since I returned home. He's refused to see me.

"Let's go." She urges.

Whatever reasons father has for wanting to meet with me, looking at the bleak downturn of Lucia's mouth I can't help but feel a rising sense of foreboding that they're anything but good.

###chapter 17
My father is waiting for us in the throne room. 

With help from the guards, Lucia and Petra were able to get me back to my room from the stables in a pretty decent time. I'm more exhausted from riding than I thought I would be. Fatigue makes me unsteady on my feet as Petra cleans the dirt and dust I accumulated from riding off of my skin. Lucia rummages through my closet and chooses a teal-colored day dress for me to wear while Petra rushes to twist my hair into something presentable, her mouth in a tight line.

I know there's not any real reason to be nervous about meeting with my father, but that doesn't stop my stomach from doing backflips and doesn't stop the nervous trickle of sweat from dripping down my spine beneath my dress. I can't remember the last time my father asked to meet with me like this, and the more time that passes, the more on edge I feel. We make good time as Petra and Lucia practically drag my faltering body across the palace. I'm flushed with exhaustion by the time the guards open the doors to let us into where my father waits for us.

It's been a couple of months since I've been in this part of the palace, but it's exactly as I remember it. Objectively, the throne room is beautiful-regal and imposing--but it's a soulless sort of beauty that makes the hairs on my arms stand on end. It's as stately and formidable as one would expect from a throne room, composed of high, opulent ceilings and rows of red lacquered pillars. 

The east wall is made up entirely of intricate stained glass, and the light that bleeds through soaks the floor with an eerie crimson glow. It gives the appearance of splashed blood, lending the room a sinister aura I can never quite shake off. My hands are damp with anxiety-ridden sweat, even now, as Lucia and Petra help me across the long narrow room to where my father lounges on his throne.

The King of the Seelie Court, Tarquin Montegard, raises thick eyebrows at me as I manage a somewhat steady curtsey.  My father's hair is the same golden hue as Lucia's and those familiar waves cut off right at his shoulders. Despite their physical similarities, my father and Lucia couldn't be more different. His green eyes-a darker shade than my sister's, resembling the shade of deep summer rather than Lucia's light spring-stare down at me with a coldness that chills me to my bones.

With a flick of his wrist, he gestures for Petra to leave us and she does with hurried footsteps. The door clangs shut behind her, leaving the room painfully empty except for my father, Lucia, and me. 

"Liliana." He says, flatly.

"Your Majesty," I respond. My mouth feels suddenly dry.  I lick my lips, keeping my eyes on the floor before the throne, idly tracing the patterns in the tile with my eyes, willing my heartbeat to settle. 

"I'm told that you were returned from the northern mountains without injury." He says.

"Yes, sir."

He hums low under his breath, eyes dragging over me assessingly for a torturously long moment. Whatever he sees there he finds lacking, and his lip curls with a barely suppressed sneer, "Liliana, I don't have time for idle chit-chat, so I will cut right to the reason I called you here." 

My heart continues its painful battering against my ribs, "Yes, father."

"You're to be married."
 
A numbness overtakes me and it's a struggle to keep myself upright with my knees trembling the way that they are.

"The deal has already been struck. The council has signed off on it and we have concluded setting terms with the Unseelie last night. You're to leave for their courts in the morning with a retinue of their soldiers."

Behind me, Lucia sucks in a sharp horrified breath, but I can barely hear it over the deafening pulse of my heartbeat drowning out everything else around me.

"You're a liability, Liliana." His words slice through me as sharp and painful as knives. His words are something I've always suspected, but that doesn't stop them from slicing achingly deep. "You've already cost us too much. We have the future of the Seelie to consider and we can't keep our focus on building the kingdom if our progress is continuously stalled by threats to the crown."

*Don't cry. Don't even think about crying, Lily. Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry.* I chant in my head, forcing back the prickling heat where it's building behind my eyes.

"Father," Lucia says, "it wasn't Lily the shifters thought they were capturing. They believed they had taken *me*. Outside of our Court, Lily's existence isn't common knowledge. There's not enough information circulating about her for her to be in danger again. It was an occurrence that is unlikely to happen again."

 "If it was you they had targeted, instead of your sister, this never would have happened. You hold the necessary magic to ensure that their attempts never have come to fruition, Lucia," our father's smooth face twists into a sneer, "But because they took *Liliana*, it makes us appear weak. There is no longer any room for weakness here. The crown is only as strong as its weakest member."

"But-" Lucia starts, but her protests are immediately cut off by the man lounging in front of us.

"Each of us has a duty, Lucia. It is time for Liliana to fulfill hers." There is a deep, ringing finality to his words and a rock settles into place in my chest, "You are both dismissed."

In a haze, I turn to make my way to the door. My thoughts are swirling so much that I don't notice that Lucia's stayed behind until the guards open the door to lead me out of the room. I can just make out her panicked voice as it drifts to where I stand by the room's double doors, "Father, you can't do this."

"Remember your place child," his voice is tinged with impatience now, "That is not up for you to decide."

"The Unseelie will eat her alive. You know that as well as I do."

"With her*illness*, her days have always been numbered. At least now her death will have meaning." My father says, voice sharp as a knife.

I don't wait to hear any more. I don't think I can take hearing anything else. I numbly continue out of the room to where Petra stands waiting for me, my father's words ringing in my ears.

*At least now her death will have meaning.*
###chapter 18
It isn't until a few hours after I leave the throne room behind that the pervading numbness wears off and the reality of my situation finally begins to sink in. 

*Married*. 

My father sold me off to be married to one of the Unseelie princes. 

As a part of my education growing up, I'd been taught as much as possible about the other fae court to the east. Throughout the history books, we'd been at war countless times, clashing over some issue or other. It wasn't until the fae war against the shifters and elves that our conflicting courts had agreed to peace with each other to fight against those of the north neighbors in a grab for land and power. Our joining of forces was the only reason we had survived the war.

Married to an Unseelie.

 The Unseelie King is old enough to be my father's father, and his sons-all of the Unseelie princes-are older than my father and are known to have a penchant for cruelty. The majority of their wives *disappear* within a century of marriage. My sister had stayed with me throughout the night, raging and pacing around my rooms enough for the both of us. The angrier she gets, the more resigned I become, folding into myself more and more. Lucia hadn't been wrong in saying that this marriage would be a death sentence. I turn over my brain in search of some solution that I must have missed. A way out of this contract my father sprung out of nowhere. 

If I'd known two weeks ago that being set free from the shifters would result in this, I wouldn't have pushed so hard to go home. In all honesty, I'd thought more of my week with the shifters since I'd been home than I probably should have. Laying in bed at night, Damien Lothbrook's words resurface again and again, unbidden. That last night when he'd stared at me with those shifting eyes that saw way too much and said-

*"I'm just considering what sort of life you must lead in that palace of yours if you feel the need to thank me for basic decency."*

As much as I wish it wasn't true, I can't change the fact that my time in the mountains changed something in me. It altered the way I see things for better or worse. Because while I may have been a prisoner to them, they'd unintentionally granted me a tiny inkling of what it would be like to be treated as someone who wasn't *cursed* or *powerless*. Seen as someone different than how I'm viewed here by the fae--being colorless, wingless, and without magic. 

During my time as a prisoner there, I caught a tiny glimmer of what it would be like to be someone else and it was like a door had been creaked open, letting in a sliver of light. And no matter how hard I try, I can't close that door back to how it was before. I guess sometimes, being viewed as an enemy is better than being seen as inferior. Enemies, at least, have the potential to be respected. Even if it's in a strange, twisted way. 

As my thoughts stray to my time with the shifters, I can't help but remember my father's words from earlier.

"*You've already cost us too much*." 

 I turn to where my sister is still pacing about the room.

"What was it that the shifters asked for in exchange for me?" I ask her, suddenly.

The sound of my voice shocks her from her pacing, "What do you mean?"

"What was their price for returning me home?" 

She blinks to clear her thoughts, slim arms folding across her chest, "They wanted the father to cease a project he'd begun at the edge of the northern mountain range."

I feel my eyebrows furrow together in confusion, "What sort of project?" 

"I'm not entirely sure," she admits, "but I believe it had something to do with mining, though. Why?" 

"No reason." She doesn't appear to believe me but doesn't press the issue.

I chew over the idea of what sort of mining project the shifters would resort to holding a hostage over to stop, but come up blank.

In the brief moments, I'm alone, I sneak the books from my time with the shifters into the bottom of my trunk. I've considered telling Lucia about my experience there-about the earthstorm and my conversation with their King-almost a hundred times, but for some reason I never do. It feels like something I'm not sure that I'll be able to fully explain to her-something I don't even fully understand myself. So I keep those things inside, twisting them over in my mind on the nights I can't sleep, waiting for answers that never come.
 

***********************************************

The next morning, a small envoy from the Unseelie Court waits for me in the courtyard. It's early enough that the sun still hasn't crested the east mountain range yet. 

I'd still been awake when Petra came to help me dress while a handful of servants brought out the meager possessions I'd been allowed to pack. Lucia eyes me in the mirror as I drink down an extra dose of my medicine. It's a precarious attempt to stave off the fever I can feel cropping up after having unintentionally pushed myself to the point of burnout yesterday. In the mirror, I catch the worried lines around her eyes, and the concerned thinning of her lips as she watches me, but keeps any thoughts to herself.

Lucia and I had to say our goodbyes in my room so we didn't have to have an audience. As Petra helps me dress, my sister gives up her angry pacing to recite some of the Unseelie customs that are different than our own. Most of them I remember from my lessons. Alfie whines low in his throat as I wrap my arms around his furry neck to bid him goodbye. I don't think the Unseelie will take well to me bringing a fox into their palace and I won't risk them hurting him. Lucia promises to look after him for me.

Waiting for me in the courtyard is the Unseelie representative sent ahead by their king to bring me back to their courts. He is a hulking man with deep green skin who introduces himself as Pieter. His eyes are completely black--like two pits embedded in the bone. There's something about the way he looks over me-equal parts lecherous and abhorred-that turns my stomach acidic. The Seelie guards finish loading my single trunk onto the back of the carriage much too quickly, and suddenly it's time to leave.

I'm shocked when Lucia yanks me in for one last tight hug, leaning down to whisper against my ear in a rush, "Don't give up, Lily. Swear to me that you're not going to give up. You're going to make it through this. I'll come to see you as soon as I'm able to."

While she has me close, I feel her tuck something into the pocket of my traveling cloak. As she pulls back from her embrace I open my mouth to respond but am interrupted by an abrasive voice behind us, "It's time to go," Pieter, the Ambassador, grunts out. From the corner of my eye, I see him heave his massive body into the saddle of his horse.

My father, who had been conversing with one of his advisors from the moment I'd come outside, finally looks my way as I step up to the waiting carriage. I meet his gaze, unable to help but search for some semblance of remorse or warmth in his green eyes, but there's only the same coldness as yesterday. He doesn't reach out to hug me, keeping his hands clasped firmly behind his back as he says, "Don't forget your duty, Liliana."

"I haven't forgotten," I say.

I couldn't forget it no matter how much I may want to.

A sense of finality settles over me as the carriage door is shut behind me. I swallow down the sense of foreboding, staring out the window to where Lucia still stands. The carriage jostles forward, leaving the Seelie Court behind. As the palace disappears from view, I reach into my pocket, curious as to what my sister had slipped in there. 

Tucked in a bundle of velvet she had placed in my pocket is a dagger.
###chapter 19
I stare out the window of the carriage for the better part of the morning, watching the scenery of Seelie's villages shift into the countryside. My father has never allowed me to travel much, and I find myself in awe of the lands that have surrounded me my entire life, yet are foreign to me. A small thrill goes through me at seeing this small sliver of our world, even if it is under less-than-ideal circumstances. Held captive by the scenery the way that I am, the time passes quickly.

Despite my attempts to stave it off this morning, the fever I felt prickling under my skin earlier begins to rear its head again. I don't mean to fall asleep, but I'm so exhausted from my lack of sleep the night before that I unintentionally drift into a restless, exhausted sleep. 

I don't know how long I'm out for, but I'm jolted awake by the sound of a soldier's rasping voice outside the carriage. He's talking low, but he's close enough that it's easy to make out his guttural words as my mind gradually clears.

"-you have to admit that she's relatively easy on the eyes."

"Nice tits, full lipsyou won't hear any complaints from me." Another says, followed by appreciative chuckles from the surrounding males.

 "For a *Seelie*, anyway," a different soldier concedes, "-if you can look past all the *white*."

A chill tingles up my spine, alarm and dread turning my muscles rigid as I realize they're talking about *me*. 

"Do you believe *all* her hair is that white?" One of them asks, the insinuation clear in his voice. Acid claws through my stomach, up my throat.

"Only one way to find out." Another Unseelie guard snickers out, suggestively.

"That's Prince Fenrick's bride you're talking about-"

"They're not married *yet*." The guard reminds him in a low voice.

"All of you, back into formation," The ambassador, Pieter's, thickly accented voice commands. The surrounding soldiers grunt in acknowledgment, falling back with the clopping of horse's hooves, followed only by the quiet clicking of the carriage wheels sliding over stone.

A coldness settles in my veins, and nausea turns over in my stomach. The reality of my situation takes hold of me. How truly and utterly alone I am among these Unseelie soldiers. I'd been so focused on the impending marriage hanging over my head that the vulnerability of my situation while traveling never crossed my mind. 

The sudden awareness of that fact is like a punch to the gut. A hard knot constricting in my throat making it hard to breathe. I re-check that the dagger Lucia gave me is still tucked into my boot. I have next to no experience with any sort of blade, but just knowing that it's there gives me a small level of comfort.

*************************

A few hours later, the carriage and horses stopped for the first time since we left the palace this morning. Probably to water the horses and give those traveling on horseback time to stretch their legs. After overhearing the soldiers talking amongst themselves earlier, I had planned to stay locked in the carriage until we arrived at the Unseelie palace. But as my fever continues to progress, with a sense of dread, I realize I'm going to have to at least get out of the carriage to get my medicine from the trunks strapped to the back. I briefly weigh the risk of getting ill and losing awareness against the anxiety of facing the soldiers outside and realize that unless I want to show up to the Unseelie Court with the ability to walk and with a clear mind, I'm going to need to get to my bags.

When I recognize the Ambassador's voice outside the carriage, I bolster up my courage enough to open the door and slip out.

The soldiers are getting things put together for the horses and a few heads turn in my direction as I step carefully down from the carriage. The green-tinged ambassador, Pieter, turns to face me, his bug-like eyes narrowing as I step out.

I open my mouth to explain that I'm going to grab my medicine, and it'll only be a moment, but before I even get a single word out, Pieter strikes me hard across the face. His meaty hand cracks across my cheek with enough force that it leaves my ears ringing. Stars and black spots dance across my vision and I try to blink away with my shock. 

It's been a long time since I've been hit like that and I'm stunned enough that all I can do is stare at him, reeling. The metallic taste of blood saturates my tongue from where the sharp edge of the ring on his thick finger connected with my lip. 

"You do not speak without being spoken to. And if you exit the carriage without permission again I'll snap your arm in half. Is that understood?"

In my shock, all I can do is nod.

I don't know what angers the large male a second time, but his insect-like eyes narrow in a glare followed by the crack of his meaty fist against my face again. It surprises me just as much as it had the first time, and I stumble back into the side of the carriage, ears ringing with the intensity of the blow.

"Are you deaf or just plain stupid? Get your ass back into the carriage before I get my blade."

There's the sound of low snickering from the soldiers behind me as, with shaking legs, I spin on my feet to hurriedly pull myself back through the carriage doors.

"Fuck, won't the prince will be mad when his new toy arrives allbattered up?" One of the soldiers murmur.

 Another man grunts out a laugh, "I don't think he'll care, as long as the more enjoyable parts remain intact."

"Unless you want similar blows to your faces," Pieter hollers, "I suggest you shut the hell up. Let's move out." 

With the carriage door shut firmly behind me, I collapse into the carriage seat just as the carriage jostles forward again. Shoving back the fiery tears stinging at my eyes, I clench my teeth together tightly, focusing on breathing. Just breathing. In and out. In and out.

*You will not break down, Lily. You will* not. It's not like you haven't been hit before. You're going to be fine. *It's fine*.

When I finally get a tenuous grasp on my frayed emotions, I bring a hand to my face. Gingerly, I slide my fingers over the hot, swollen parts of my skin, assessing the damage. The part of my cheek just below my right eye is swollen enough that it's starting to block off some of my vision. Even without being able to see it, I know it's going to bruise. And badly. 

Using a strip of my dress that's not easily visible, I dab up the blood dripping down my lip as best as I can. Still, there's a handful of red streaks on the neckline of my dress that seep in before I can wipe them away. 

*"Don't give up, Lily. Swear to me that you're not going to give up. You're going to make it through this."* 

Lucia's words ring in my head over and over as the carriage rumbles on. She must have had a better understanding of what I was getting myself into than I had. Because if even the soldiers aren't concerned about lifting a hand to me, there's no telling what's waiting for me in the Unseelie Court. A sick churning in my stomach tells me that this little display by the soldiers outside has just been the tip of the iceberg for what awaits me there.

One realization pushes itself to the surface, circling just as incessantly as Lucia's last words to me do.  I can not let myself be married into the Unseelie Court. If I want to live, then I need to find a way out of here and quickly.
###chapter 20
About an hour after resuming our brisk pace through the forest's jostling terrain, someone approaches the Unseeie soldiers. I'm so caught up in sorting through my options that I don't hear the gallop of advancing horse hooves at first. The nearing, unfamiliar, group moves nearly soundlessly-approaching swiftly enough that my ears only just pick up the subtle difference only a minute or two before one of the Unseelie soldiers shouts a guttural warning.

The carriage jerks to a sudden halt, nearly throwing me from the seat and there's a clattering slide of blades being withdrawn. We're being attacked by robbers, maybe? I don't know what's happening out there, but I do know that I've been sorting through my options of escape and this is as good an opportunity as I'm likely to get. I'm desperate enough to take my chances with the robbers. Anything's better than this.

I stand on shaking legs, pushing open the carriage door enough to assess my best course forward. A few of the Unseelie soldiers have drawn their swords and battle axes and are facing off against the other, seemingly better-armed, group. The newcomers aren't in uniform, but wear sturdy-looking battle leathers, easily fending off swings from the Unseelie like its child's play.

They don't look like robbers, but it's not like I'm an expert on what thieves should look like. A fever-induced sweat mists my forehead, and I swipe it away with trembling fingers. The soldiers are all so focused on each other, that no one notices me stumble gracelessly out of the carriage. *This is it. This is my chance.* It couldn't be more perfect if the Mother herself handcrafted this diversion for me.

Resolve thrums to life through me as I take a determined step backward and out of sight from the majority of soldiers. If I can just get one of the horses unbuckled from the carriage, there's a good chance I can use the soldier's distraction to get away. I've ridden without a saddle before, so I'm confident enough in my chances of escape if I can just get the straps disconnected before I'm noticed. Riding without a saddle through unfamiliar terrain while weak with a fever isn't an ideal situation, but it's the best option I have.

When I'm out of direct sight, I begin making quick work of freeing the horse of the leather straps holding her to the carriage. Her large brown head swivels down at me and huffs out a disbelieving whinny.

"Oh, it's okay," I whisper up at her. I get the distinct feeling that she somehow understands my frantic pleadings because all she does is huff out a soft snort and let me continue working to get her free.

"Put your weapons down and state your business here." One of the new arrivals demands of the Unseelie soldiers, his voice ringing out clearly over the clamor of unrest. The man's words project with an air of calmness that's at complete odds with the tension radiating from both parties.

One of the Unseelie snarls, "Our business is none of yours, fucking shifter scum." 

Wait, did he just say*Shifters*? 

There's no sane or rational explanation for why that thought sends an emotion that feels oddly like hope streaking through the center of my chest. I can only blame it on the fever running rampant under my skin and clouding my mind. Because a small and utterly unhinged part of me wonders if there's a chance I might recognize one of the soldiers among the group questioning the Unseelie.

*Sure, Lily, go look for one of your previous kidnappers instead of taking this brief window of opportunity to get away from your new abusers. What a great use of your time.* 

I push my fingers to work faster.

Despite the Unseelie's impertinence, the Shifter soldier who spoke before doesn't lose his calm confidence as he says, "Are you aware of whose territory it is that you're crossing through?"

There's only the grating hocking of phlegm as one of the Unseelie spits into the dirt by way of response. The Unseelie's level of class is astounding. 

There's the stamping sound as another set of hoofbeats approach, and the horse I'm working unstrap stamps its feet nervously. My fingers pause their scraping against the leather and I reach up to gently pat her neck to keep her calm.

"Shhh," I whisper to her under my breath, "I'm almost done. Just one more minute." 

The horse miraculously calms under my touch just enough that I can finish unknotting the last of the ties. I throw up a grateful prayer to the gods and quietly begin the last task of tugging the remaining ropes from where they're looped around the mare's body, all the while keeping a careful ear on the soldiers. 

The rider I heard approaching comes to a halt near where the standoff is happening between the Unseelie and the Shifters, "What's the problem here?" 

The smooth and clear, deeply timbered voice of the new arrival has my stomach clenching and a hot fluttering sensation dances its way up my veins. Even weeks later, I knew I'd recognize that shadowy rasp of that voice anywhere.

Commander Damion Lothbrook is here.

My heart rate takes off in a staggering gallop, and without my permission, my hands are still where they're working on the horse.

"Your majesty! We weren't expecting you until tomorrow, but it's good you got here when you did." 

 "So it would seem," Damion's voice holds a thread of dry humor to it before turning serious, "What's your business here, soldiers?"

There's the sound of a throat pointedly clearing, "We are crossing back to the palace," I hear Pieter's voice grind out between clenched jaws, "On the Crown's business." It seems even he knows better than to deny information to a foreign King. 

The shifter soldier from before huffs out a humorless laugh, "A bit of a churlish bunch, this one. But it appears as if they're telling the truth; Not enough men or weapons to be launching any sort of attack. Looks as though they're just passing through as he says."

Before I can think better of it, I cast a curious, searching glance over my shoulder to where I know the King is standing. It's like an invisible cord's been hooked to where my heartbeat is racing in my chest. That cord gives a solid tug and it's like I can't help myself. My eyes, my attention, draw there of their own accord, finding the King's broad muscular form standing among the others immediately.

He looks the same as the last time I saw him-tall sturdy frame swathed in black riding leathers. A few strands of his black curling hair droop onto his forehead, windswept from riding. The shining black horns curve back away from his face along with the deadly-looking spikes on his shoulders giving him a menacing edge as he eyes the Unseelie with that sharp, too-discerning gaze. That same gaze that I'd become familiar with in my brief time with him.

Like he can sense my stare, his head turns sharply in my direction.

For a single tense heartbeat, my gaze tangles with his darker one. His dark eyes flicker, and his head ticks to the side as he takes in the sight of me half-hidden behind the horses.

"Princess?" There's a subtle softening of his voice that makes that single word sound like a caress. Or maybe the fever mixed with my frantic heartbeat has me imagining it.

Shit. *Why did I have to look*? Why couldn't I have just done the smart thing and get on the damn horse when I had the chance? Now every soldier in the vicinity swivels their heads in my direction to see who the Shifter Commander is talking to. So much for my escape plans.

Damion Lothbrook doesn't hesitate as he immediately strides toward me, closing the distance between us in only a few sweeping footsteps, "Sweetheart, what in the gods' name are you doing with this putrid lot?"

Any attempts at riding away now would be futile-this formidable male would have no trouble stopping me before I could even get my leg over the horse. I sigh, shoulders drooping tiredly as I turn to face him fully. And my heart stops when it does. Because the Shifter King comes to a dead stop in his tracks, his broad form going unnaturally still. His eyes go dark before blazing a brilliant flaming shade of amber.

His voice is a lethal darkness that sends a shudder up my spine as he growls, "*How the hell did you get that mark on your face?* Who did that to you?" 
###chapter 21
In my overwhelming rush to escape and get as far away from here as possible, I'd completely forgotten about the bruises and cuts on my face. 

"I-well," In my shock, the word trips out of me without knowing what I'm going to say, or *if* I should even say anything at all. I don't mean to, but my eyes flash over to the group of Unseelie males. It's a brief unintentional flash of my eyes, but Damion sees it. Of course, he does.

If there's ever been a look, a single expression to represent looming death, Damion is wearing it now. It's the sort of menacing reserved for nightmares-for monsters stalking the night. My pulse jumps in my veins at the sight.

"You're going to want to avert your eyes for this, Princess." He forces through a clenched jaw then turns away from me so sharply, that I flinch. He stalks predatorily back to the mirroring groups of waiting soldiers.

"It would see that you won't be making the rest of your journey after all, gentlemen," Damion informs them smoothly.

Whatever sneering response Pieter is about to make is cut short when Damion rips the male's head entirely from his neck. It happens so fast that all I can do is stare open-mouthed. Pieter's thick and green-tinged body slumps to the ground in what feels like slow motion, his blood saturating the earth as it spatters around him.

And then all hell breaks loose.

The shifter soldiers don't question their Commander's sudden change of tactics in regards to the Unseelie. Instead, the previously passive soldiers jump in to assist in taking down the remaining guards. It's over as quickly as it starts. And all that's left of my captors is a shred of blood severed body parts and clawed fabric.

All moisture leeches from my mouth, my tongue, and throat as dry as if cotton had been shoved there. My blood rushes through me in shifting waves of boiling to icy to boiling again as I try to make sense of what I'm seeing. Trying to understand what just happened and what it means.

Before I can, though, Damion slowly-so slowly-turns back in my direction. Even from here, I can make out a fine spattering of blood across his cheek and neck. His face is impassive, his eyes wary, as he turns to gauge my reaction.

Despite everything that's happened, there's still a tiny sane part of myself that knows I should feel terrified-should be reeling in horror over what I've just witnessed. The male in front of me ripped Pieter's head from his shoulders. His soldiers took down an entire retinue of Unseelie guards in a matter of moments. They are more than just dangerous. They are lethal.

I *know* I should be horrified by what I've seen. Panicking, even. But the trembling that's making its way up my body isn't a byproduct of fear. No, not even close. It's *relief* that's coursing through me in waves. A relief so intense that I feel hot prickles forming in the corner of my eyes.

By the tight line of his mouth, I know Damion is waiting-expecting even-for me to run screaming in the opposite direction. It's what any sane person should do. Instead, I do the last thing either of us expects me to.

With a few stumbling footsteps, I close the distance between us and throw my arms around his middle. He goes rigid under my touch, but I can't make myself pull away. I'm so relieved to be away from them, relieved to no longer be moving towards a dreaded, uncertain future that a full-bodied shudder wracks through me from head to toe.

His arms-hesitant at first, *so hesitant*-wrap around me. They're firm as they pull me decidedly closer against his muscular chest, but more gentle than I would have thought possible. This male's arms that I had just witnessed ripping a man's head wholly off his body with his bare hands hold me like I'm something fragile. He tucks me into himself as if I might break apart under his touch if he doesn't use extreme care.

He clears his throat, "I think we're ruining your dress."

"What?" I sniffle, my mind not catching his meaning in its feverish state.

"There's blood on my clothes and now it's getting all over you."

"Oh," a choked laugh wheezes out of me in my surprise, "That's alright. I already had blood on it." I mumble into the leather on his chest. Like the last time I'd been this close to him, been pressed up against his body like this, had during the earth storm. And the same familiar feeling of safety trickles into my bloodstream. Safe. I'm safe.

At my joking words, his body tenses again. Assuming that his tension is a sign that I'm making him uncomfortable, I let my arms loosen around his middle and droop to my sides. I crane my neck upward to gauge his reaction, chewing worriedly on my bottom lip as I peer up into his face, "Sorry, I shouldn't havejumped you like that. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable-"

"No," he interrupts my apology with a low exhale, voice tight,  "don't apologize. I was just thinking that I should have drawn out killing them a little more."

As my face twists with confusion, his eyes drift and linger to where I know my face is swollen and broken from Pieter's fists, "No one who raises their hand to you deserves a quick death. An oversight on my part that I'm quickly regretting."

"Thank you for what you did. You saved me." Now that the adrenaline that had gotten me to this point is quickly fading and I'm no longer leaning against him for support, my strength is quickly waning. 

His sharp features crack into a barely visible smile, "From what I saw, you were actually in the middle of saving yourself before I rudely interrupted you."

I can't help but match his smile with a small one of my own, wobbling on my feet. I sway slightly, briefly losing my balance as I'm overcome with the sensation that the earth is moving. I barely catch myself in my unsteady state, blinking the dark spots from my vision. It's not the earth moving, it's only the trembling in my muscles that's making it feel that way.

Damion clasps his large hands on my shoulders, bracing me as I catch my balance. By the time my vision clears, his smile from before is long gone. His black eyes have gone a deep, rich purple, his brow a tense line. I scarcely notice it when he briefly shifts one of the hands bracing my shoulders and presses the back of that hand to my forehead.

 "Fuck. You're burning up," his voice is a low growl.

I blink dazedly up at him, unable to conceal the wonderment sparking through me as I stare up into his face. I barely register the tension radiating off him again as I say, "Your eyes are purple. That's a new one, I don't think I've seen them that color before."

He makes a low noise in his throat in acknowledgment of my observation, then says with a feigned lightness, worry still bleeding through, "Where's your medicine, darling?" He moves his arm to my waist, supporting the majority of my weight as he leads us to the carriage.

"*Liliana*." He presses, voice sharp with what sounds like worry.

 "My medicine is in my trunk, side pocket." It takes me longer than it should for the weight of the last word he uttered to settle over me. It's a sudden splash of icy water over my head, and my breath catches in my throat, "Wait. You know my name." I say, "My *real* name."

###chapter 22
How does he know my real name?

*How does Damien Lothbrook know?*

And more importantly, for how *long* has he known?

The male in question isn't paying attention to my panicked words, too busy rummaging through the pocket of my trunk to hear the spike in my breathing, the pounding stutter of my heartbeat. I distantly notice his nimble fingers working their way into the leather trunk strapped to the back of the carriage and not a moment later, he's extracting the familiar blue glass bottle with deft fingers and unscrewing the lid.

"How much do you take?" He asks me. His eyes dart up to my face and back, still that startling deep shade of purple.

"*How do you know my name?*" I demand, my voice is a breathy, panicked slur.

His entire body stills and the arm that's still hooked around my waist -the one keeping me upright- stiffens. As if he's just now realizing his slip. His jaw clenches, the muscles there under the shadow of dark shadow-more pronounced than the last time I'd seen him-working as he considers me.

After what feels like a long drawn-out moment, he sighs. As he does, the tension leeches from his body, though the arm still snaked around me stays taut. It's like he's worried that I'll disappear if he loosens his hold on me. In a single move that shocks me to my core--so much so that I'd probably tip over if not for the fact that he's holding me up-one of his big hands comes up to cup the side of my face. 

I didn't think it was possible for my heart could beat any faster than it already was, but at his unexpected touch, it somehow managed to accelerate. He crouches down slightly so we're eye to eye. This close, I can see the dark pupils in his eyes dilate. I don't think either of us are breathing. With fingers more gentle than should be possible, his thumb strokes a soothing line up my cheekbone.

"I will explain it all to you, I promise. But the important thing right now is making sure you're well. You need to take your medicine and then I'm going to take you to a healer. After that, we can talk. Alright?"

The lines of his face are set into something so sincere, so genuine, that despite everything else, I find I believe him. I nod, stiffly, "Alright." I relent.

There's a flash of relief across his face before his focus goes back to the bottle wrapped in his fingers, "Now, how much of this do you need to take?"

"Half a capful." 

He pours it out carefully, meticulously, and then instead of handing it to me, he presses the cap to my dry lips himself. I'm glad because my hands are shaking badly enough that I don't think I can hold the medicine without spilling it all over myself.

The sharp familiar taste of my medicine slides over my tongue and down my throat. And though the burn of it on my tongue is the same, it feels somewhat different this time. I'm not used to having someone watching each of my subtle movements so fastidiously- eyeing my lips close on the cap, studying the way the muscles in my throat work to swallow as the liquid stings its way down my throat. 

I force my eyes away from the intensity of his stare as he pulls the cap away to screw it back onto the lid of the bottle that's still grasped in his hand, swallowing hard. 

"Thank you," the words come out shakier than I'd intended for them to be, and I can only hope that he attributes that to the fever and not to the strange, unexpected, not to mention *unwanted* feelings zinging their way under my skin and up through my chest. Anything else is probably a side-effect of the fever, relief from being saved from a horrible fate. Nothing else. It *can't* be anything else.

Someone clears their throat pointedly behind us, and Damion and I both turn at the sound. One of the shifter guards tips his head respectfully at both of us. I couldn't be more relieved at the sudden interruption, wondering what his men could think of the situation. If they're aware of who I am. But it would be impossible for them to not know after Damion addressed me as "Princess".

The expression on the guard's face isn't accusing or suspicious, only subtly curious as his eyes flick between us before finally settling fully on his Commander, "Your majesty, we're about finished here. I've already assigned a few men to complete clearing the road before we continue our patrols."

As he's speaking, I subtly shift my weight away from Damion to let my weight rest against the side of the carriage instead. Though it's probably the last thing that matters right now, I can't help but want to avoid giving the guards any wrong ideas about what's happening here. Damion releases me easily as I shift away, though I can feel his eyes rest briefly, questioningly, on the side of my face.

"Good work out here, Captain," he says, returning his nod with one of his own, "Though I'm going to need to postpone my accompaniment around the borders to another date. I'll have Alfson reach out to you to set something up."

"Of course, sir-" 

I miss the rest of their words as my mind turns foggy. I rest more of my weight on the side of the carriage and send a glance over the Captain's shoulder to where the other soldiers stand a generous distance away, awaiting their orders. They all have their eyes averted, affording privacy to their King where there is none. 

I can't help but compare their small show of courtesy to the Unseelies intrusive glances when they met us outside of the palace this morning. This subtle difference in civility has that same word flashing through my mind again. *Safe*. This innate sense that the danger has finally passed. It doesn't make any sense considering who I'm with, but I lean into that feeling, letting it wash away any lingering horror and dread that have been my relentless companion since yesterday afternoon.

"-Princess?" I don't think it's the first time Damion's said it, and I blink up to where he's staring down at me again. That same concern is etched in his face again.

I force my blurring eyes to focus, "Yes?"

"Do you need to get anything else from the carriage before we leave?"

When I shake my head in answer, he loops his arm around my waist again, "Let's be off, then."
###chapter 23
At the command of their captain, the remaining group of shifter soldiers hoists themselves back into their saddles, readying to continue on their patrols. I eye them warily as Damion leads me over to a deep black stallion waiting in wait on the edge of the road. I catch a few of the soldiers studying me with an interest that mirrors my own, but they avert their eyes quickly, giving us a wide berth as we walk. 

I can't help but gape up at the stunning warhorse that Damion stops us in front of. The horse tilts his head down at me just as curious about me as I am about him. Very carefully, I reach out to lightly run my fingers over his shining black fur. The horse nickers happily under my touch, eagerly stamping his feet.

"He's gorgeous," I don't mean to say it out loud, but the words slip out before I realize it. The awe in my voice is evident enough that a blush rises to my cheeks.

To my immense surprise, Damion snorts behind me, "Don't let him hear you say that. He's arrogant enough as it is." 

The horse in question sends what can only be described as a disdainful glance down at Damion and huffs out a displeased nickering sound. I can't help but smile at the exchange, "What's his name?"

"Brutus." I don't think I'm imagining the way his voice sounds like he's fighting a smile.

Living up to Damion's earlier representation, upon hearing his name, Brutus swishes his shining black mane as cockily as a peacock, preening. The Commander huffs out a quiet laugh and says, "Alright, you can continue admiring my horse later. Up you go, Princess." 

I blink warily up at the large horse, bracing myself for the sheer amount of effort and energy it's going to take to simply lift myself into the saddle. But before I have the chance to work myself up to it, Damion's hands grasp lightly onto my hips. My breath catches in surprise, heart stuttering, as he lifts me easily over the saddle in a single movement. One second I'm on the ground, and the next I'm straddling the massive horse. 

I grip the leather seat tightly just as he swings up into the saddle behind me. His heat and weight settle against my back, and I swallow hard as his muscled arms circle around my waist to grip onto the reins.

"I know how to ride a horse," I feel the need to inform him, "I can ride on my own."

"I'm confident that you could," he says, and I can hear the smile in his voice, the lightness there, "even burning up with fever the way you are. Humor me, though. I'd prefer not having to worry that you're going to disappear on me the entire ride. Don't forget that I discovered you, not twenty minutes ago, while giving the Unseelie soldiers the slip." His words aren't condescending or indulgent. They ring with a sincerity that I can't ignore. His blatant confidence in my abilities warms me from the inside out more thoroughly than the fever ever could.

*I'd prefer not worrying you're going to disappear on me*. My lips curve in the hint of an unwitting smile but I quickly fight it back down.

I huffed under my breath, settling further into the saddle. With words drawn out and teasing, I say, "Well, I suppose if you *insist*, then I can't very well say no." 

Behind me, his chest rumbles with a low chuckle, "Good girl." 

Those two words send a bolt of lightning through my center and I pray to the Mother that he can't feel the shiver zinging its way up my spine. 

I don't think I could be more grateful that the captain from earlier chooses that moment to maneuver his horse up beside Damion's black warhorse, Brutus. He serves as a welcome distraction as he asks Damion, "Are you certain you don't require an escort back to the palace, your majesty?" 

"An escort won't be necessary."

The other man nods as if he expected as much, "We'll take our leave then, sir."

Each member of the patrol unit salutes to their Commander with that now familiar salute-a strike of their fists across their chest-before following the captain's lead-up as he begins advancing up the road.

As they go, Damion gives the horse a tap of his booted feet. The heat of his arms shifts around me as he tugs at the reins, leading us in the opposite direction of where the patrol is headed. As our horse, Brutus, picks up speed, my weight drifts back into the Commander's sturdy chest until I'm inadvertently leaning fully against him. I can't remember the last time I've ridden with someone like this-not since I was a child, maybe? 

His arms cage me on both sides, but it doesn't feel constricting as I would have expected. The sure lines of his steady arms make me feel secure in a way that I can't quite understand. I'm not sure I even *want* to understand or look too closely at that fact. 

Having the solid length of his body blocking me in like this drags back bits and pieces of memories of the earthstorm. Those long drawn-out moments that he'd blocked out the world and any danger with his body. Like that day, his leather-encased chest at my back is hard and unyielding. Like a formidable protective wall, he supports my weight easily as my body slants into his with our continually increasing pace.  

My unbound hair flurries around us, blowing the loose strands around my head and tickling my face as it whips around in the wind. I'm positive that it's blowing in his face just as much as it is in mine--if not more so--but Damion doesn't brush it off or voice any complaints. Propped up against him the way I am, I can feel the rise and fall of his chest against my back, as he breathes deeply.

I should ask him where we're going-where he's taking me-but as the earth blurs beneath us, I can't find it in me to worry about that right now. I *should* be worried-maybe even terrified. But I'm not. I don't know whether to blame that horrible lack of self-preservation on the fever or just an unforgivable lapse in judgment. Probably a little of both.

The evening air carries a chill on it, but with the heat of his body pressed into my back and his massive form blocking out the majority of the wind cutting around us, I'm fully settled in a bubble of warmth that seeps its way through my thin traveling dress and into my skin. 

As much as I try to fight it, the minutes tick by, and my eyes grow heavy. The small amount of restless sleep I'd managed to steal in the carriage earlier today was only enough to cut the edge off the wall of exhaustion settling over me. When the fever starts getting bad like this, after medicine, the best thing I can do is sleep. But I've never slept on a horse before, and the unsettling prospect has me forcing my eyes wide open.

Damion's voice is a low command near my ear, and I jolt a little at the unexpected sound, when he says, "Sleep. I won't let you fall." He promises.

Some instinctual part of myself must believe him because that simple assurance from him pushes my exhausted body over the precipice. And with my cheek pressed against his shoulder, tucked beneath his strong jaw, I manage to drift off into a deep, comfortable sleep.

****************************
###chapter 24
*I'm getting really tired of waking up in places I'm not expecting.*

My eyes sting as I peek them open a crack- their dryness a twin to my parched mouth and throat. A quiet groan makes its way up from deep in my chest as I peer around the unfamiliar room. I'm propped up in a single bed tucked into a corner. The sheets are a cool white cotton, pulled up around me up to my chin. 

Despite the foreignness of the room, I recognize the space for what it is. Even half-asleep the way I am, and with a white curtained partition blocking most of my view of the rest of the space, I instantly know I'm in an infirmary. I've spent so much of my life in and out of the hospital wing that the sharp familiar scents of antiseptic mixed with undercurrents of pine and sage is like being greeted by an old friend.

The familiar older woman who sits knitting in a wooden chair beside my bed is a welcome sight. She glances up from her work as I shift in the bed. I smile as I meet her gaze, "Mitra!" 

It's hard to believe that the last time I saw this woman was only a little over two weeks ago. With everything that's happened since then, it feels like another lifetime ago that she sat with me in my rooms as I recovered.

She only blinks at me, nodding deeply as she rises from her seat and disappears behind the partition that's blocking off my bed from the rest of the room.

"She's not ignoring you on purpose, Princess."

I blink up at the elderly man who rounds the corner, taking Mitra's place. He has white tufts of hair fluffing out from his rich ocher skin. The deep lines of his face are set into a kindly smile. I don't have a ton of knowledge about the shifters, but I do know that they age almost as slowly-if not *as* slowly-as the fae do. I can't imagine how many years this man has seen to appear as weathered as he looks now. Many more years than even the Unseelie King, most likely.

"Mitra suffered an injury a while back where she isn't able to respond verbally with anyone, so it's not just you." He explains.

"I didn't realize-" I glance back to the space behind the curtain that the older woman disappeared through, Distressful for the woman I barely know has me chewing unconsciously at my lower lip, "Poor Mitra. That's horrible." I didn't think *horrible* quite conveyed how heart-rending it would be to not be able to communicate. Especially with loved ones.

The older man nods kindly, "It was certainly an adjustment for her, to be sure. But King Lothbrook has seen to it that she's received the best treatment she can. And while it's undoubtedly been a setback for her, it's not quite the tragedy you're imagining. There are other ways for her to communicate-through written word and hand languages."

I nod, though the heartache I feel for the quiet, gentle woman lingers.

"I'm Healer Orm, Princess. I'm pleased to finally have the honor of getting to meet you." He holds out a weathered hand for me to take and I grasp onto it firmly, his skin cool and dry next to mine.

"It's good to meet you as well, Healer Orm," I level him with a grateful smile, "Thank you for looking after me the way that you have been."

"It's been no trouble at all," he assures me, drawing his hand away, "It looks like your injuries are healing up nicely. How are you feeling?"

"Much better," I tell him, honestly, "I can hardly feel them anymore."

"Very good." His eyes flicker over me, thoughtfully, before he reaches behind him for a cup. He fills it with water from the adjacent pitcher, before handing it to me. I sip at it gratefully, the cool water soothing my parched throat as he slowly lowers himself into the small wooden chair Mitra had vacated.

"I hope you don't mind," he begins slowly, "but our King also briefly mentioned to me that you have been dealing with another illness as well." The inflection of his voice pitches up on the last few words-a question.

"I don't mind," I assure him, reaching up to swipe any residual droplets of water from the corner of my mouth, "It's true that I have a lingering illness-a sickness that never quite goes away." 

"If you're not opposed, I'd like to hear more about your symptoms," His gray-blue eyes shine with a quiet intelligence-a confidence hard-earned from a long life, "When did your illness first begin?"

"I was born with it. The palace healers have taken to calling it sun fever," I explain quietly, running my finger over the lip of the cup, "My body goes weak much faster than others. Some days, even the simple act of walking can be exhausting," I admit slowly.

 "And if I push myself too hard, my body goes through a burnout. Exhaustion usually results in fever. And when I don't take my medicine, those symptoms progress. They worsen to headaches and nausea. After that, follows nose bleeds, and bloodshot eyes. The last phase is hallucinations. I've never gone past that point, so I don't know if there's anything else."

Healer Orm hums thoughtfully under his breath, "And why do they call it Sun Fever?" 

I consider his question for a moment, taking another sip of water to ease my parched throat, "Well, I'm sure you probably know that the Seelie get their energy from the sun and the Unseelie are energized by the moon. Somehow, I'm unable to get my energy from either. If anything, being out in the sun too long makes the fever come on faster."

There's a ruminative tilt of his chin, paired with the slight tightening around his mouth and almost inconspicuous glint in his eyes. Those minuscule shifts in his expression, have my heart squeezing in my chest.

"You've heard of it before," I breathe. It's not a question, but a startled, hope-riddled accusation.

He smooths out the front of his robes, deep in thought, "I'm not entirely certain. I don't want to get your hopes up. However something about what you said sounds very vaguely familiar. If I have heard of it, it was ages ago. I'll need to comb through some of my old journals and notes, and see what turns up."

His words come as such a shock that I forget how to breathe for a moment, lungs burning in my chest. I finally force myself to suck in a breath as what he's saying sinks in. No one-not even the most experienced Seelie Healers or even the historians-has *ever* known what to make of my illness. I'd given up the prospect of searching for a cure years ago. 

It was only recently that I'd finally come to grips with my situation in life. I found a way to accept myself the way I am-flaws and weaknesses and all. To work around the way the courtiers and servants view me. I created ways to embrace my life being the cursed daughter of the Seelie Court and found ways to be happy living my life on the outside looking in. I learned to find joy in the things that I *can* do rather than spend my time focusing on everything that I can't.

But hearing Orm say that there may be a record of my illness, wrenches all those old hopes and fears to the surface. Those past longings hadn't been buried away as deeply as I thought they'd been. Even now, a fragmented sliver of hope needles its way into the center of my chest. Though I try to shove it out-push it as far away from me as I possibly can-it's already burrowed there. 

"Youwould do that?" My voice is a breathless whisper, my fists burrowing tightly in the hospital bedding.

The lines around Orm's eyes soften, "Of course I will." He reaches across the bed, to gently pat my hand with one of his wrinkled ones, the deep hue of his skin a stark contrast to my colorless pallor. "Like I said, I can't promise anything. But I'll do what I can."

Before I can think better of it, I lean across the bed, wrapping my shaking arms around his hunched angular form, hugging him tightly with trembling arms. "*Thank you*," I whisper, voice thick with an emotion I can't even name, "You don't know what that means to me."

Orm chuckles low in his chest, gently patting my back with soft rhythmic taps, "You're very welcome, dear."

I hug him tightly for a long moment, only letting go as someone I hadn't heard approach clears their throat behind us.
###chapter 25
"Well, well, well. Look who found her way back," a familiar female voice says.
 
Pulling back from my embrace with Orm, I'm faced with the sight of two guards standing just inside the partition around my bed. They're the same two guards that were assigned to me the last time I was here-the ones who came to check for weapons in my room. Arden and Xavier.

"Still not fired I see," I can't help the crack of a smile that lights across my face, "And back on babysitting duty."

The female guard, Arden, mirrors my grin with her own, her eyes lighting with a spark of amusement, "It's good to have you back, Princess. And somehow still as impertinent as ever."

The male guard, Xavier, smothers his grin, forcing back his customary stony expression, "And we're not on babysitting duty. We're here to escort you to your new rooms."

New rooms? I guess it makes sense that the King would want me out of the way of his citizens and servants considering who I am, but my shoulders slump the tiniest bit at the prospect of being forced into solitude again after this last conversation with Healer Orm. 

I try not to let my disappointment show, forcing a lightness to my voice I don't feel, and say, "That's good because compared to my last room, this one has a distinct lack of chains and locked doors. It was becoming unsettling."

Xavier rolls his eyes so far back in his head that I can see the whites, "Let's get going, Princess."

Rather than get up immediately, I turn back to Orm, "You'll come find me if you learn anything from your notes?" I ask the older male shifter, a hint of the hope I'd tried to squash earlier shining through my voice.  

He smiles kindly at me, patting my hand with his wrinkled one again. The warmth in from his hand mixed with a similar warmth in his eyes, eases the worry in my chest, "Of course, I'll let you know. Come and see me if you need anything, my dear. I'm here most days and I'd be more than happy to visit with you again."

"I will," I promise.

******************************


After helping me to my feet, Arden and Xavier led me out of the infirmary and into the hallway. The last time I'd been here, I'd only left the small room they had designated me to during the earthstorm. That single time out in the halls had been so hectic-my thoughts so frenzied-that I hadn't been able to take in any details about the place.

Like the hospital wing, the hallway we step out into is constructed entirely from rough gray stone. It's as if a stone had been melted and fused into winding tunnels through a huge rock. It's what I imagine the inside of the cave would look like. There are no windows, the only available light coming from the sconces along the wall-magic-infused torches illuminating the way as Xavier and Arden guide me along.

The two shifters sandwich me in the middle of them as we walk. Between them the way that I am, makes me feel even smaller and frailer than I usually do. Though I'm not that much shorter than Arden, she's stronger. She moves along the hallway beside me with ease, vitality, and energy pulsing off her in waves. I wonder if that sort of strength is a shifter thing or a byproduct of them being soldiers. 

 Even amongst the other fae nobility-who aren't nearly as sturdy as these shifter soldiers-I felt flimsy and vulnerable next to them. Lucia usually described my body type as "willowy", which is just a nicer way to describe the way that I'm slowly wasting away from the fever. Never able to keep down enough food to be truly *healthy*. 

I stop to catch my breath as we move down the tunnel-like hallways and while I'm used to the guards who follow me murmuring complaints under their breaths behind me or tapping their feet in their impatience for me to get moving again, the two shifters don't show a single hint of annoyance as I lean against the stone wall to catch my breath. 

Arden leans against the wall beside me, as casually as if we're out for an afternoon stroll rather than a maybe prisoner being escorted to her room. I know they were made aware of my illness last time I stayed here, but I wonder if their King made them aware of the fact that I'm not the person they'd been under the impression I was. Do they know I'm not Lucia? 

Have they *always* known?

The thought makes my stomach turn over uncomfortably. I need to have that conversation with their King-the one he'd assured me we'd have. A conversation where he explains everything to me. When my breathing is steady again, I push off the wall so we can continue through the tunnels, and ask, "Did your King mention anything to either of you about meeting with me later?"

They both peer down at me, curiously.

"He promised to explain some things to me once we got here" I explain.

Continuing to glance down at me from the corner of his eye, Xavier nods offhandedly. In his usual bored drawl, he says, "He did say something about that."

"The King told us to inform you that he had a few urgent meetings that couldn't be put off," Arden tells me, a curiosity burning its way through her expression, "but he said that he'll come find you when he's finished with them."

They lead me down a narrow incline, their pace unrushed as I push myself to keep up with them. It's silent for a long moment, as we turn down another side hallway. We pass a few servants, but most of them pay us no mind. When we're finally alone again, Arden breaks the silence.

"Okay, I have to ask-" she breathes out in a rush, surprising me, "Are you here because the commander abducted you again?"

Xavier shoots Arden a warning look, but he doesn't tell her off like I expect him to. He's probably just as curious as his partner is.

Arden's question brings back flashes of Damien ripping the Unseelie ambassador's head off. A grimace pulls over my face at the very graphic memory, "I guess, in a way, he sort of did." I admit. 

Xavier narrows his eyes, "Interesting."

My footsteps slow to a pause so, my own eyes narrow back up at him, "Interesting, *how*? He didn't explain what happened when he was assigning you to guard me?"

Xavier shrugs, "He was in a rush. Said he'd explain later."

I snort, starting back through the tunnels, "Seems to be a common occurrence with him it would seem."

Arden snickers, "I'm only curious because no one was made aware that you'd be returning. You should have seen Leif's face when he caught sight of the Commander stalking through the castle hallway carrying an unconscious Seelie Princess in his arms. I thought he was going to keel over from shock right then and there."

Brushing over the knowledge that King Damien had carried me through the castle in his arms to ask, "Who's Leif?"

"Leif-well, I suppose we should call him Captain Alfson," Arden says, "is the Commander's second in command."

"He's the highest-ranking shifter in our court after the King," Xavier says.

I chew my lip, trying to remember, "I haven't met him, have I?"

"I don't think so," Xavier shakes his head, "he was kept busy by helping with negotiations the last time you were here." 

"Though," Arden says, "now that you're here again, I wouldn't put it past him to make an appearance. He doesn't make a habit of keeping his nose out of anything around this place." 

Xavier nods, "If something's happening here, Leif is guaranteed to be one of the first to know about it. That's why he was two seconds away from having a conniption when you made a reappearance."

"I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd shifted right then and there," Arden snickers.

Xavier nods his agreement, "After we returned you home, we all just sort of assumed that our business with the Seelie was all but finished."

The shifter guards finally pull me to a stop, slowing in front of a tall, wooden door painted in shades of reds and golds, "Here we are, Princess," Arden says, reaching for the knob, "Your new room."



###chapter 26
Before I have a chance to brace myself, Arden pushes the door in, revealing the room to me. My breath catches in my throat.

They must have brought me to the wrong room by mistake because the room I started into had to be more than triple the size of the room I stayed in the last time I was here. It's spacious and light and even the air feels more crisp in here.  

To my immense surprise, there's a *window* carved into the gray stone. There's no glass in the window, and instead, shutters have been attached to the rock at the window's smoothed circular edges making it possible to close them if necessary. Sunlight filters into the room, hitting the stone walls in such a way that it causes the embedded crystals to sparkle. The room shimmers and as I step into the room, giving everything an ethereal and dreamlike quality.

Similar to the last room I stayed in, there are tapestries on the walls, though the ones adorning this room are light and delicate with frilled edges and more variety of colors. There's a fireplace built into the left side of the room and the surrounding stone is painted a creamy shade of white, adding a lightness and contrast to the natural stone. 

On the opposite wall stands a bookcase that spans the entire length of the floor to the ceiling, filled with shelf after shelf of books. A happy thrill flickers down my spine at the sight of so many books and I can't wait to go through them all-discover what's there. Among the books scattered throughout the room are vases of brightly colored wildflowers adding flashes of color.

At the back, center of the room is a large bed done up in a shade of robins-egg blue-creamy and light and draped with frothy white canopies. It's piled high with enough pillows to drown myself in. Beautiful and comfortable-looking. I don't think I've ever seen a bed look so inviting.

My eyes catch on a tall white object tucked into the corner against the bookshelf. The unexpected sight sends a jolt through me and all I can do is blink as I absorb what I'm seeing. The curved white instrument shines softly in the sunlight, and the strings glint happily, asking to be played. 

*A harp*.

But how did he know.

Realization dawns on me like a splash of cold water. My gaze flickers around the room for a second time, taking everything in again with new eyes. My stomach clenches and flutters at what I find. The room is filled with everything I'd jokingly asked the King Lothbrook for the last time I was here. I rifle through the memory, finding that it's all there. And I don't know whether that fact makes me want to laugh or cry.

Arden interrupts my reeling thoughts by saying, "You'll find that there are no chains, unfortunately, but surely you'll find a way to be comfortable regardless."

A laugh slips out of me at the joke and I turn to face the two shifter guards still standing in the doorway, both eyeing me with watchful expressions.

"It's beautiful. But--" I clear my throat uncomfortably, my hands clenching awkwardly into the fabric of my riding dress, "I mean, are you sure that it's meant for *me*? Are you sure we're in the right place?"

Arden snickers, "Yes, we're sure. We'll wait out for you in the hallway while you get cleaned up. I was told that some clothes should fit you in the armoire and a tray of food was sent up for you that should be here soon. When you're done dressing, we'll show you around the castle."

************************************************

Like Arden told me, there's an array of clothing hung neatly in the room's armoire. I don't know what to do with the fact that it's all close to my size. This room can't possibly have been made up for *me*. But the tiny details make it impossible to deny that fact.

After washing my face and combing through my hair, I pull out a dress from the closet, barely looking at it before slipping it over my head. It's a happy shade of blue with white flowers dotting across the airy fabric. The dress clings fitted around my breasts and stomach before loosening in breezy waves around my hips and legs while the shoulders dip ever so subtly off my shoulders.

I give myself a quick once over in the mirror to make sure I'm presentable to be moving out and around the palace. I don't have the patience to do anything for my hair and it hangs in long loose waves down my back. I can't help but notice that the shade of blue complements the icy color of my skin and hair nicely, makes my skin appear to have a more rosy hue to my cheeks than I do, and gives light to my gray eyes.

Satisfied that I'm decent enough, I slip on the pair of flat slippers I'd come here in and make my way to the door. Arden and Xavier are right where they said that they'd be.

Arden eyes my dress up and down, and grins, "That color suits you, Princess."

Embarrassed heat rises to my cheeks, "Thank you."

"Let's be off then," Xavier says, turning on his heel to lead the way down the hallway yet again. 

They'd mentioned that they were planning to show me around the castle, but curiosity got the better of me and I asked, "Where are you taking me?"

"If you're going to be living here for the time being, you'll want to have a basic understanding of how to get around the place," Xavier explains, tone denoting that it should be obvious, "The halls around here are almost impossible to keep track of. It's easy to get lost around here if you don't know what to look for."

He's right. From what I've seen, all of the tunnels look the same. But his matter-of-fact statement throws me off balance, and I turn to squint up at him, "You meanI'm not going to be confined to my room?"

"Confinement is only for prisoners and hostages, Princess," Arden drawls, "We're told that during your stay this time around you're neither of those things."

*Confinement is only for prisoners and hostages.* There's no real reason that those words should sting and linger as long as they do. I don't let myself think about my usual state of isolation in the Seelie Court. Being kept alone for my health is different, though, right? *Right*? For some reason, that statement doesn't ring as true as it used to.
###chapter 27
Arden and Xavier take their time leading me around the castle. They teach me the trick of figuring out which tunnel you're in at any given time. At the top edge of every walkway, there's a color painted along the edges that coordinates with which floor you're on. 

White is for the level closest to the surface and the darker the color, the deeper you supposedly are underground. And if you're facing the walls with the torches going left means you're traveling down, deeper into the mountain, while right means you're going toward the surface. 

The winding tunnel walkways are meant to ward off and confuse any intruders and I would bet that they're effective. Even knowing the trick to getting around my head spins. I make a mental note that the Healer's wing is on the purple level, closer to the bottom of the castle and my current room is located on the Yellow level which is closer to the top level, white. 

The first stop we make is in the self-serve commissary on the green, situated on the center floor. The breakfast shift is shifting to lunch and most people in the mountain castle are off seeing to their daily tasks, leaving the rows of tables meant for eating almost empty.

"Usually, it's so crowded in here it's almost impossible to find a place to sit," Arden explains, "So if you're eating here make sure to get here early to avoid the rush."

We make our way down the line, filling our plates with food. The smells of hot sweet bread and sizzling meats have my stomach growling. I can't remember the last time I'd eaten. The morning I'd left with the Unseelie, I'd barely been able to stomach any breakfast, so it's been much too long since I've had a proper meal.

The guards carry my plate back to the table for me, setting their plates of food down across from me, and without preamble, they begin digging in. The hot aroma of food has my mouth watering and I scoop up a bite of food with them. 

Usually by myself in my room, I'm not used to eating with other people. I admit to myself how nice it is to have company, eyeing the two shifters thoughtfully as I chew. They have the easy type of back-and-forth that lets me know that they've known each other for a while. From the corner of my eye, I catch sight of a few curious glances from the handful of shifters eating their lunch at another table and the kitchen staff. Though the hard pointed glances from Xavier and Arden in response have them looking hastily away.

The shifter guards across from me eat briskly and efficiently. I imagine that their line of work forces them to rush through their meals more times than not if they want to finish. I hurry to keep up with them, taking quick bites and trying not to choke in the process. Xavier clears all of our plates for us when we're finished and they lead me back out into the hall.

We walk through the tunneled walkways and I study the color system as they continue to point out areas of interest. It's been a while since I've walked so much and I find that I'm enjoying it. The best thing about it is that they don't constantly question if I've overworked myself as I'm used to Petra doing at home. They simply slow to match my pace and pause for breaks when I need it without questioning it. It makes me feel somehow *normal*.


*********************************************

My favorite place they show me is on the white level-the castle's top floor according to the shifter guards. It comes out of nowhere, and the surprise of it all knocks the breath out of me, freezing me in my tracks. The spacious room is like something from out of a fairytale. 

The stone roof opens up revealing a crystal clear blue sky. I feel like I've stepped out of the shifter's castle and into a hidden forest garden. White-barked trees stretch toward the sky, rustling in the shifting breeze. Walls of wisteria, bright pink sweet pea, blooming jasmine, and marigolds surround a stone path diving into the fray of greenery.

The scent of honeysuckle tickles my nose and I breathe it in deeply, feeling like I've stepped into a little piece of my heaven, "What is this place?" I ask breathlessly, "I've never seen anything so amazing."

"These are the castle gardens," Arden says, smirking down at me. It's  obviously how pleased by my unguarded astonishment, "It's one of the only places where we get natural light in this place, so over the years, we've used it to create a place people can come out and enjoy sunlight."

Xavier points to the far side of the gardens, "More importantly, this is where a good portion of the castle's food is grown."

"It's incredible." I stare around, wide-eyed, until I'm able to grasp enough control of my legs that I can step carefully up the stony garden path.

Arden and Xavier hang back to let me have a moment to myself where I can take everything in without distraction. I don't know how long I wander around, breathing in the beauty of this place, letting the sunlight warm my skin and the calming atmosphere sinks into my bones.

 The level of detail that's gone into this place is beyond admirable. It's less perfectly manicured than the Seelie palace gardens that I'm used to. But the natural, untamed wildness of the garden here makes me love it all the more. Its beauty isn't forced, it just *is*.

Eventually, in my wandering, I come across a small bench and lower myself into it, letting my eyes drift closed. I lean back into the seat, to just take it all in. The sound of slow footsteps up the path lets me know it's almost time to go-I'm sure Xavier and Arden have someplace else they need to be.

My heart stutters in my chest when it's not one of the shifter guards who rounds the corner. Instead, I find myself peering up, wide-eyed, at the sight of the shifter king's broad form. His full lips pulled up at the corner, sending my skin tingling and my stomach flipping. Heat rushes through my chest with my surpriseI can't possibly be excited to see him, can I? My body doesn't get the memo though, and my toes curl inside my silk shoes.

His black eyes flash with a mix of yellow and gold as he grins down at me, "I thought this might be where I'd find you."
###chapter 28
Something about that simple statement has a smile tugging at my lips. 

*I thought this might be where I'd find you.*

He said that simple phrase like he knows me. Knows something about what sort of things I like and dislike-would draw me in. The soothing atmosphere of the garden shifts to something electric, the air now crackling with a sort of fiery charge as if the very air buzzes with anticipation. Anticipation for what, though, I have no idea.

"I'm that predictable?" I ask him archly, eyebrows lifting in mock offense.

His eyes flash a deeper shade of yellow and his pupils flicker as he matches my smile with one of his own, "Far from it, actually." He corrects with a 

"The way you were hiding away all day, I was starting to think that you were attempting to get out of our agreement."

His face shifts with confusion before understanding dawns, "Ah. *That* agreement. And I wasn't *hiding away.* I asked your guards to inform you that I was held up in a meeting with my second. Did they not tell you?" He looks genuinely alarmed by this, his brow furrowing with his concern. The sight of his genuine uncertainty sends another grin streaking across my face.

"Don't look so worried," I say, smothering down a snicker, "I was only joking. Xavier and Arden *did* tell me that." 

"Good thing," he says dryly, "They would have needed to be transferred for something as egregious as that."

It takes me a moment to process the fact that he's teasing back with me. He made a *joke*.

He turns to lower himself onto the bench beside me and I work to school my expression so he won't read from my face the way his body is so close is mine sends a thousand little electric shocks through my skin.

As discreetly as I can be, I rub at the tiny goosebumps forming on my skin from his proximity. He notices, though. Of course, he does.

"Are you cold? Here." Before I can object, he removes the formal overcoat he's wearing and tucks it onto my shoulders. I instantly feel much warmer, with the soft fabric draped over me. I would much rather him think that I'm cold than know the real reason I'm shivering is from simply being so close to him. 

"Thank you," I tuck my arms down the too-large sleeves, pulling it closed around me. The rustling fabric brings his scent along with it-pine salt and warmth. The smell has me breathing it in deeper, making heat bloom in my cheeks and low in my stomach.

He clears his throat, turning his gaze to stare off into the gardens around us, "Your question from before," he says, "you wanted to know how I came upon who you are?"

I nod, biting worriedly into my lower lip, "How long have you known? Did you realize it when you took me the first time?"

His eyes flash down to my face as if surprised by the assumption, "No," he tells me, tone suddenly serious, "Unfortunately, it wasn't something I discovered until later. Your existence isn't common knowledge among your Court or beyond it. Though I admit that I suspected something wasn't quite right during negotiations with your father, I didn't discover the truth of who you are until dropping you back at the Seelie Palace."

He could be a skilled liar, but there's a note of sincerity ringing in his voice as he speaks that's impossible to ignore. 

"What finally clued you into the truth?" I ask, staring off into the surrounding flowers, blossoms swaying as a slight breeze rolls through. A single butterfly lands on the bench beside me, its blue wings flicking back and forth as I watch.

It took him longer than I anticipated to begin speaking again. Long enough that the butterfly takes flight again and I turn my gaze back up to him curiously. His dark eyes are already on me, "The smells were off."

Wait what? That's not what I'd been expecting him to say.

"*What*?"

Something in my shocked expression makes the corner of his lip tilt up, the tip of one of his sharp teeth peeking through, "When I got us into the rooms that were supposed to belong to Princess Lucia, the smells were similar, but they didn't match up the way they were supposed to. And while the rooms were lived-in and safe enough that I could have left you there, I was curious."

My mind pitches uncomfortably and I rub at my eyes as I try to make sense of what he's telling me, "Okay, back up for a second, you can *smell* me?"

He huffs out a small laugh, "Compared to the fae, shifters have a strong sense of smell, among other things. I'm surprised that this wasn't something that was covered in your studies."

In my studies, growing up I'd learned quite a bit about the different species inhabiting the continent-humans, seelies, unseelies, dwarves, merfolk, centaurs, elves, shifters, and the now extinct dragons. The fae courts mostly keep to themselves, -until recently that is. 

Our last war with the elves left many other species with an aversion to dealing with either of the fae courts, which I can't blame them for at all. But, embarrassingly, aside from the strengths and weaknesses of the other species, I was never taught much else. My tutor mainly kept to the fae histories, and I'm a little embarrassed that it never occurred to me to wonder about it until now.

I purse my lips, considering, "I was told that shifters are strong--typically stronger than an average fae. That you can change forms on command. But I wasn't aware that your senses are so much stronger than ours."

He hums low under his breath, "When compared to other species, Fae senses aren't something to look down on either. And while the Fae's have a vastly superior affinity and access to magic when compared to shifters, a shifter usually has stronger physical senses and strength when compared to the fae."

I take a moment to let this information sink in then say, "So after you knew I didn't smell right to be the person living in Lucia's rooms, what then?"

His lips tilt up in the corners, a subtle hint of his amusement, "Like I said, I was curious."

I raise my eyebrows at him in question, and while I want to pepper him with a million questions, I force myself to wait. He chuckles under his breath at the expectant look on my face.

"I eventually caught a hint of your scent and followed that to your rooms. Aside from it smelling like you, the setup in those rooms just felt more like you." His eyebrows curve up as he watches me, studying me for any sort of reaction. 

I'm not sure what to think about that and instead decided to consider all that later when I was alone. I move away from that, asking him another question, "And when did you find my real name? Did you see something in my rooms?"

"No, it wasn't in your rooms. In the weeks after I left you back home, I did a bit of digging until I found out that King Tarquin did indeed have a second daughter named Liliana."

"Lily." I quickly correct him, a small smile playing on my lips as I stare off into the gardens, "Only my father calls me Liliana. Call me Lily."

There's a soft undercurrent in his richly deep voice that surprises me, as he says, "Lily, then."

And in that moment, for the first time in my life, my name sounded like a caress. Like a promise that it'll be safe in his mouth. It's an effort to force back the shivers that wrack their way through my body at that single word. And I have no idea what that means.
###chapter 29
Damion had sent my guards away when he'd come to find me, so as I stand from the bench-the exhaustion of the long tour around the castle finally catching up to me-he offers to walk me back to my rooms.

I must look as drained as I feel because, with gentle hands, Damion reaches down to loop my arm through his so that I'm able to lean into him as we walk. He takes my weight as if it's nothing. Still wrapped in his overcoat and now leaning into him the way that I am, with the warmth of his body seeping into my side it's a little overwhelming.

A blush heats its way into my cheeks as we make our way back through the winding garden paths. I should probably protest-say that I can manage on my own-but I don't. I just let myself lean on him, and revel a little in the way that he's taking off the strain of walking for me.

"Now it's your turn, Princess."

I blink up at him, "What do you mean?" He's so much taller than me that I have to crane my neck to see his face from this angle. 

His eyes are back to their usual black as he meets my eyes, a sudden seriousness there, "It's your turn to answer questions."

I don't know why a cloud of nervous butterflies takes off in my stomach at the prospect, "What do you want to know?"

"Why were you with a group of Unseelie?" His eyes flicker down to where I know the bruise on my face is still slightly visible even after Healer Orm's treatments.

I clear my throat awkwardly, tilting my face back in front of us where we're stepping back into the cavernous opening to the castle's tunnels. Turning my head, I allowed one last peek behind us, bidding the sunshine goodbye for now, promising myself that I'd come back out to these gardens as soon as I could.

The feel of Damion's eyes on the side of my face is a palpable thing as I admit, "The day before you found me, my father informed me that he had made a deal with the King of the Unseelie. Part of that deal was that I would be required to marry one of the Unseelie princes."

"You *what*?" The question rips from his throat, voice steeped with black fury. When I'm leaning up against his body, I feel his muscles go rigid against mine. His footsteps through the witch-light steeped tunnels slow to a stop and he turns down to look at me. His eyes flash with a shade of deep amber, glowing dimly. 

I watch these sudden changes in him, glancing up at him, startled, unsure where this strong reaction is coming from. I don't believe his anger is directed at *me*, but I take care with my words, regardless, "I wasn't aware of what was happening until I was told to pack my things. Lucia did everything she could to convince him otherwise but it wasn't any use. I was too stunned at the time to argue with his decision, but now I regret not trying harder to change his mind."

As I speak, the amber in his eyes loses a bit of its blazing intensity, but the muscles in his jaw are still clenched so tightly that I can see the muscles working. His voice is a low growl as he says, "It's common knowledge throughout the entire continent that the Unseelie court is unhinged and brutal. Especially to those who marry into it. So what I can't grasp is why the fuck your father sent you to *them*."

It settles on me then that this massive, terrifying male is angry *on my behalf*. Furious, even. I'm jolted by the notion that he could care enough about what happens to me, to worry about what marrying into the Unseelie Court would have meant in my situation.

Unbidden, my father's cold words from that day echo through my head. 

*You're a liability, Liliana. You've already cost us too much. We have the future of the Seelie to consider and we can't keep our focus on building the kingdom if our progress is continuously stalled by threats to the crown.*

Thankfully, the memory of those words doesn't sting as much as it had the day he said them. But they still prickle enough that I'm not sure that I want to share all the gritty details with the male crowding over me.

Unable to force myself to meet his eyes, I fidget with the hem of his overcoat, twisting it between my fingers, "After everything with the abduction, my father thought it would be best for the Seelie Court to remove the even the possibility of me being ransomed against him a second time."


He scrubs one of his large scarred hands over his face, "Let me get this straight," he growls, "After your time here, your father concluded that the best course of action would be to send you to your certain death with the Unseelie?"

I grimace, chewing uncomfortably on the inside of my cheek, "That's the abbreviated version, yes."

He looks like he's about to say something else, but instead, he simply collects my arm again, depositing it in the crook of his own, muscles still tensed where I lean against him. He continues leading me down the tunneled hallway, his pace is a bit more brisk than it was before. He catches himself a few times and forces himself to slow to a more manageable pace for me.

He's caught up in his thoughts and neither of us says anything until we find ourselves standing outside what can only be the door to my assigned room.

I finally break the tense silence, and look around pointedly before asking, "What, no guards?" My tone is teasing, but a part of me is honestly curious about the lack of anyone hovering around the halls to make sure I stay in my rooms. Even at home, there was always someone hovering nearby-Petra or a slew of guards, though usually both.

The set of Damion's shoulders is still tense, but my question sent his mouth flicking up the tiniest bit at the corner, "There's no need for guards down here."

"Really? You're not worried I'm going to try to run off?"

That flicker of a smile shifts to a full-fledged smirk, "It would be a waste of resources to have someone constantly stationed outside your door. At least when you consider that I'd be able to hear any attempts of escape from my room." As he speaks, he points to the door a few feet up from mine. Waves of incredulity course through me and I gape up at him.

"*That's* your room?" I ask him, my voice coming out a little more high-pitched than normal with my shock. My eyes narrow suspiciously, "Is this one of those 'keep your enemies close' things?"

There's no denying the amusement flashing across his expression as his sharp chin cocks to the side and his eyes skate over my face, watching the play of emotions with rapt attention, "Is that what you are now? Enemies?"

I bite my lip, fighting down a smile of my own, "I don't know. You're the one who kidnapped me, so why don't *you* tell *me*."

Despite his earlier teasing, his voice is serious as he admits,  "I'm not your enemy, princess. Far from it."
###chapter 30
The light from the window is what wakes me in the morning. I blink through bleary eyes, rubbing away the tiredness there. Cool mountain air drifts in through the gap in the stone wall, the shutters cracked enough for a thick strand of sunlight to warm my face.

I hadn't meant to fall asleep yesterday. After Commander Lothbrook had walked me back to my rooms, I'd stretched across the comfortable-looking bed to rest for just a moment before exploring the shelves of books sitting in wait for me. Instead, I'd let my eyes drift shut and unexpectedly fall asleep.

I'm still in the day dress I'd worn on the tour around the castle yesterday, stretched diagonally along the top of the covers of the large bed. But someone had been in and placed a soft blanket over me. It shifts off my shoulders and into my lap as I move into a sitting position. Along with the blanket, someone had also placed a glass of water on the bedside table and my familiar blue vial of medicine.

Uncorking the vial, I measure out my medicine and sip it down before guzzling the entire glass of water. Walking around so much yesterday had taken more out of me than I'd thought. The room is lit with the pale yellow sunshine that can only be attributed to morning, so I must have slept through dinner and all night. 

When Xavier and Arden had shown me the room yesterday, I'd expected the bed to be comfortable just from the sight of it, but it's even more luxurious than I'd anticipated. My sore joints and muscles complain as I slide from the bed, but I ignore their protests, refusing to sleep any longer. 

The stone floor is icy on my bare skin, but I find that I love it. The cold soothes the soreness in my feet from all the walking I'd done as I pad across the room to the bathing chamber. Surprisingly, the chambers have running water, and I have no clue how the shifters have managed such a feat of running pipes through stone or the amount of magic it would take to accomplish something like that. But I'm incredibly grateful for it as I run a bath for myself.

The bath is lined with an array of luxurious-smelling soap oils and bath salts that I put to use. It's more than I'm used to having at home, and while a seemingly small thing, warmth flashes through me at the appreciation for such small details being seen too. The subtle jasmine scent of the soap is similar to, but also somehow *better*, than the ones I'm drawn to. 

Soaking in the water, I chew over the amount of care gone into the details of this place. No matter how I look at it, I don't know what to make of it all. 

*"I'm not your enemy, princess. Far from it."* 

That's the last thing Damion had said to me in the hallway yesterday when he'd dropped me off at the door of my rooms. The rooms he'd had done up for me, were filled with things I'd like. I run my fingers through the water, practically staring a hole through the bottles of soaps in my preferred scents, uncertainty mixing with wariness as they run through me.

 A large part of me still views all of this with suspicion. I've been hurt by enough people in my life saying one thing to my face while meaning another thing entirely. Not to mention that everything given to me in my life has always had strings attached.  I still don't even know the entire reasoning behind why he took me as ransom against my father in the first place.

But, even with all my experience screaming at me that there's a deeper reason behind this careful treatment of me, a much tinier fragile piece can't help but believe what Damion says.

Finishing in the tub, I wrap myself in a towel and make the trek to the closet to find something to wear. Combing through the clothes, I settle on another light dress but in a soft shade of sage green. As soon as I'm dressed, there's a soft knock at the door. I pull open the door to find Mitra, the same older woman who's been a quiet constant almost the entire time I've been here. 

She dips her gray head of hair at me respectfully carries in a tray of breakfast and sets it on a small table near the window.

"Thank you for bringing me breakfast," I say, hoping she can hear how much I appreciate it. It's a long walk to the dining hall and I'm grateful I don't need to make the trek on my own this morning, "Xavier and Arden showed me where to go to find the kitchens, so please don't feel obligated to bring it if you have other duties to see to. I really appreciate you bringing it though."

Mitra simply smiles softly at me and pats me gently on the cheek before turning slowly to make her way back to the door and closing it behind her. I think about what Healer Orm had explained to me yesterday. How the female shifter had suffered an injury that made it impossible to communicate verbally. My heart twinges at the situation for her.

I made a mental note to ask about the hand languages Healer Orm had mentioned. Then I'd be able to communicate with her properly. 

There's another knock at the door as I finish my breakfast, but this time, the person at the door doesn't wait for me to come and open it. I'm halfway across the room to see who it is when Xavier and Arden barge in.

"Rise and shine, Princess," Arden crows. Her deep brown hair, which is cropped short, is damp as if she's just finished bathing.

I grin at the sight of them both, genuinely happy to see my usual pair of guards, "I wasn't sure if I was going to see you two today."

"Why wouldn't you?" Xavier asks. His face is drawn into his usual serious expression, but there's a sparkle at the back of his eyes that tells me he's either happy or amused. Maybe both.

I shrug, eyeing the pair over, "I don't know, I thought you'd have other guard duties to get to today or something."

"The Commander got called away from the castle today," Arden explains, throwing herself into one of the chairs at my table. She helps herself to some of the leftover muffins that Mitra had brought in on the breakfast tray. 

I can't help but snort at the way she's inhaling the muffins one after the other, barely stopping to breathe, "Help yourself," I tease her, and she just rolls her eyes with a grin. Even Xavier huffs out an exasperated chuckle.

Crumbs spray from Arden's mouth as she chews and says, "He asked us to look after you and that you can find your way around if you decide to wander around."

I nod my understanding, "I see. What did you do to your Commander to make him hate you so much that you're stuck with babysitting duty *again*."

"Be too good at our job, that's what," Arden jokes back, shoving a third muffin into her mouth,  "It's a blessing and a curse."

Confused, I glance over at Xavier to explain what she means and he sighs, crossing his arms over his chest as he leans against the wall, "We're a part of the Commander's Squad. His inner circle of soldiers that he hand picks to carry out tasks and the moresensitive tasks for him."

Sensitive tasks like kidnapping and babysitting a Seelie Princess, apparently.

As Xavier explains all of this to me, the morning light coming in through the window makes the grayish-blue of his eyes stand out against his sun-tanned skin. His shoulder-length dark blonde hair pulled back into a neat ponytail that matches the tidiness of his uniform which doesn't have a wrinkle in sight. He's a stark contrast to Arden who is now covered in crumbs and attempting to sneakily brush them off her clothes and onto my floor.

The steady color of both of their eyes gives me pause, reminding me of a question that's been bugging me on and off since yesterday, "Hey, I've been meaning to ask you both- why don't either of your eyes change color like the King's do?"

I'm surprised when both guards tense and turn their heads sharply in my direction.
###chapter 31
The sudden tension flooding into the room has anxiety straining against my nerves in response. The two guards share a not so subtle look between them that I can't read.

It's easy to guess that I must have asked something offensive without realizing it and I wince, "Sorry, was that an insensitive question or something? I don't know that much about shifters, so I didn't realize-"

"No, no," Xavier rushes to assure me with a wave of his hand, "you don't need to apologize. It's an understandable question. It's not impolite or anything."

I'm relieved to not have inadvertently offended either of them, but my face scrunches over with my confusion, "Then what-?"

Arden, still seated at one of the chairs at the table shuffles around in her seat, getting comfortable, "We were just surprised that the Commander's eyes changed in front of you is all. Have they done thata lot?"

The muscles in my legs are getting stiff from standing for so long, and I shuffle over to the still made but wrinkled bed and settle onto the edge. A sigh slips through my lips as the weight lifts off my still sore feet. I consider their question, chewing on the inside of my cheek as I think, "I mean, how much is *'a lot'*? His eyes usually change at least once whenever I see him. Is thatbad?"

Xavier coughs as if suddenly uncomfortable, "The Commander's eyes don't usually change much," He explains.

"I've only seen them change twice, myself," Arden jumps in, "though I haven't been around him as often as some people because I only got moved to his squad recently. And I've only ever seen them shift to orange when he's irate."

Orange.

I remember seeing them change to that orangey shade of amber as well. They had turned that color right before he slaughtered the entire retinue of Unseelie soldiers who had been traveling with me. I hadn't realized that the reason they had changed was because he was angry, though.

"So, his eyes change colors with his emotions?" I ask curiously, trying to clarify what it is she's hinting at.

"Commander Lothbrook isn't like many other shifters." Xavier tells me, back to his usually serious demeanor.

I shoot him a grin in an attempt to lighten the tense atmosphere of the room, "So I've gathered."

Arden chuckles, rolling her eyes, "Smart ass."

Xavier continues speaking over mine and Arden's shared laughter, "There are a wide variety of shifters, and our King happens to be something called a berserker."

"A berserker?"I repeat, testing out the unfamiliar word.

"Most shifters have a second form they can change into at will," Arden explains, "bears, wolves, mountain lions, birds, things like that. Unless they're born without one. The Commander is more deadly than most because he has *two* additional forms."

Xavier nods, clarifying for me, "He has a deadly panther form that he can change into at will and a berserker form-a monster that comes out on its own based on emotion."

"And his changing eye colors are connected to his berserker form?" I ask.

"The color of his eyes are an indication that his berserker form is about to make an appearance. A bit of a warning for those in his presence. His eyes usually stay black because he's always so in control of his emotions. That's why we were a little shocked that you've seen the color shift so much."

So his eye color is connected to what he's feeling? His eyes shift color around me so much that while I was admittedly wonderstruck by them the first time I saw them, I'd slowly become accustomed to the mercurial nature of his eye color. Equated them as being just another part of him. And while they still *were* just another part of him, something about the fact that his emotions were so interwoven to them drew my incorrigible curiosity.

I want to know what all of those changing colors mean.

"Which color means that his berserker form is going to emerge?" I ask.

"Orange," Xavier says matter-of-factly, "well, dark orange. It serves as a warning. So if you see his eyes go orange, you need to proceed with caution."


******************************************************

I spend the rest of the day with Xavier and Arden. They show me around the castle again, taking me to the few areas we weren't able to get to yesterday. My favorite of the rooms we visit today is the library which is located on nearly the bottom level of tunnels. 

The librarian is a robust, energetic woman who shows me around the large cave-like room with the ease of someone who's spent many, many years here. When I ask, she helps me find the book on hand languages so I can begin learning on how to communicate with Mitra. My guards look mildly surprised at my desire to learn her language, but also pleased, and something akin to respect shines in their eyes.

We spend some more time in the gardens and this time they show me the rows of crops being tended to by a few shifters in the back. And after combing through the rows, when I'm starting to feel tired, they offer to bring an early dinner back to my room so I don't have to walk all the way back down to the commissary. Even though a large part of me wants to see what the dining hall is like at a normal meal time and get a good look at all of the people living here, I agree with them. I'm already feeling wiped out from yesterday and all the walking I did today has pushed me to my physical limits.

They eat dinner with me in my rooms and I enjoy their easy chatter. Arden explains a little about their shifter forms with me-her form being a hawk while Xaviers is a type of grizzly bear. It's a little hard for me to picture these guards that I've gotten so used to transforming into something else entirely and the curiosity to see it with my own eyes tugs at me.

When my eyes begin to droop shut, they take the empty food trays and bid me goodnight with the promise to come by in the morning. After a quick bath, dirty from the trek through the gardens and caves, I slip into one of the soft nightgowns in my armoire and settle into bed for the night. I'm so exhausted that I'm only able to get through a few pages of the hand language book before I fall head-long into a deep and exhausted sleep.


###chapter 32
The sound of clanging bells startles me awake. My room is utterly dark, though moonlight filters through the open shutters that I'd forgotten to close before falling asleep again. I don't even have time to try and remember what those bells mean, when the door to my rooms is thrust open, the wood clattering loudly against the stone and echoing through the room.

My heartbeat stutters over itself and the breath catches in my throat as a tall dark figure stalks from the door to my bed what has to be a second flat. The side of the intruder's face is drenched in moonlight and the terrified knot in my chest instantly loosens as recognition settles over me.

"Damion?" I rasp, my voice drenched in shock and drowsiness as I squint up through the shadows at him.

"Time to go, Princess." His voice is utterly calm, cutting through the sounds of chaos that echo around us--through the bells and shouts and a roaring growl of thunder that grows louder by the second. He doesn't wait for me to move, doesn't even wait for me to respond. Between one heartbeat and the next, his arms are scooping me up from the bed and sheltering me against his chest. He turns on his heel and bounds out of my rooms in two long strides.

The trip down the hallway is a blur of dark shapes and witch light and before my brain can catch up with what's happening, we emerge from the tunnels and out into the open air of the gardens. There are a few shadowed forms of other shifters tunneling onto the room and taking cover, but they disappear from sight when he sets me down on the soft dirt ground right past the entrance. 

It's a place, I notice, where there's nothing above us, clear of anything visible that could topple onto us. Hidden in the thicket of wildflowers and wisteria, Damion props me against a curved stony wall and crouches down in front of me. 

Out here in the open air, the clanging bells are deafeningly loud. The rumbling noise similar to thunder rattles through my bones and makes my teeth rattle. My one other experience in an earth storm from the last time I was here is still fresh in my mind, so I'm not the least bit surprised when Damion leans over me with his massive body, safeguarding me in the same way he did the last time.

He cages my body up against the stone wall with his own, using himself as a shield for mine against any falling debris. Out here in the open, the rumbling earth doesn't jostle as much as I remember it had last time. The rumbling earth isn't as jostling out in the open as it had been when we'd been tucked into one of the small spaces that Damion had referred to as a "safe room".

The commander's large hand is steady where it cups against the back of my head, cradling me to the hard muscles of his chest. Secured against his steady body-wedged between him and wall behind me-I barely jostle in the escalating chaos. I'm surrounded on all sides by the steady beating of his heart against my cheek and his piney scent. But it's then, as I'm pressed against his chest that I realize that it's not a shirt pressing into my cheek, but tight stretches of hot, smooth skin. Swirling lines of black tattoos curl over nearly every inch of his chest. I suddenly forget how to breathe.

He's the most striking man I've ever seen. Every inch of him begs for attention, and tucked into his chest the way I am, I can't stop my eyes from dragging and tracing over the exposed jagged ridges of muscle. Blood rushes to my face, cheeks flaming, and I'm thankful he can't see the blush fanning out over my skin. My heartbeat skyrockets in my chest and I wonder if he can hear it, can see the way my pulse is thundering under my skin.

The earth storm feels like it goes on for forever-longer than I remember it going on last time, even. But it as the ground slowly begins to steady out beneath us, I suddenly feel as if it all happened too quickly. It feels like something vital is being wrenched from me when Damion finally pulls back from where's pressed into me to gaze down into my face.

"Are you alright?" He asks, eyes raking over me, searching for any sign of injury. Now that he's pulled back a few inches, I have an even better view of the chiseled expanse of his tattooed chest and I have to force my eyes to stay locked on his and not wander and give away how distracted he's making me.

"I'm alright, thanks to you," I say, swallowing hard, sending him a grateful smile, "Thank you for coming to get me, again. Are *you* okay?"

His eyes flash, like he's startled that I'd ask, and his dark head dips into a single nod. His pale skin looks even paler in the moonlight, making the sharp cut of his cheekbones even more deadly, more beautiful as they mix with shadows.

*Get it together, Lily.*

"Are weIs it safe to get up?" I say, chewing on my lower lip.

It's like my eyes have a mind of their own and dip lower to trace the hard lines of muscle again. Of their own accord they follow the hypnotizing array of dark lines and carve their way into the sharp contrast of shadows where they dip into his body. They only drop for a second before I forcefully yank them back up to his face. 

But when I focus back onto his face, his own eyes are snagged on where my bottom lip is caught between my teeth. And his eyes have shifted from black to a deep crimson.

*Does that shade of dark red mean his Berserker form is near the surface, or is it only when they turn that fiery shade of amber?* I can't remember what it is that Xavier and Arden had told me and I don't have time to either.

Because between one second and the next, those sharply carved features and deadly wine-colored eyes are leaning in until his lips are crushed against mine.
###chapter 33
He cups my face between both of his strong palms as his lips crash into mine. I feel as caged in as I was before, but in the best way possible as his mouth twists and pulls as it devours mine. While his cheekbones and muscled chest had appeared sharp, his mouth, the press of his lips, are warm and soft.

The taste of his lips ignites a wild fire under my skin. I lean into him, pressing into the taste and feel of him while my body continues to heat to scalding temperatures. Under his touch while my muscles simultaneously go tense and weak. My brain empties except for one thought pounding through my head on repeat. *More, more, more, more.* I want more of him, more of this. As much as I can get. Like he can sense it, sense how much I need this, his lips part so his tongue can trace a deadly line across the seam of my mouth.

I open for him, letting him in, and heat of his tongue dips into my mouth. The feel of him there, exploring every inch of me, tracing along the sensitive lines of my mouth draws a hoarse whimper out of me. That tiny sound of pleasure from me does something to him, draws him in even more, as he kisses me with a new wave of frenzy. Drives him wild. It's like he can't hold himself back from the desire to draw that sound out of me again. Like he needs it.

With a press of the palms still cradling my face, he curves my head up until it's angled in such a way that sends the kiss torturously deeper. So deep that I'm drowning in heat and heartbeats and the pleasurable strain of his body against mine.

The sudden low sound of voices calling out to one another from the other side of the garden shocks me back into reality. I'm startled enough that my lips tug away from his. The space it leaves between us is less than an inch, but it's enough to have me crash landing back into the real world. 

I open my eyes to find his scarlet ones staring back at me.

We don't pull back any further for a moment. We can't. The garden air comes rushing back in around us, cooling my flushed cheeks as I struggle to catch my breath.

I can't make sense of what just happened. And I don't want to either. Right now, all I want to do is travel back in time five minutes to that single heated moment between us and re-live it over and over and over again. That overwhelming, electrifying rush is something I want to dive into and never resurface from.

But that doesn't make sense. It *shouldn't* make sense.

After a long moment, he pulls in a breath, his lips parting to break the silence. But before he can say anything, he's cut off by someone calling out his name.

His eyes close, his frustration palpable as he lets out a rough breath, cursing low under his breath. 

The unfamiliar masculine voice calls for him again, closer now, "Lothbrook, I know you're here. If you let yourself get injured out here somehow, I'm going to kill you."

Damion lets out another low breath, rising from his crouch in a single smooth motion. I don't know how long I'm going to continue being surprised by how gracefully he moves for someone as broad and muscled as he is. On his feet, he holds out a hand to me and I take it without thought. He tugs me up until I'm standing beside him. The muscles in my legs are wobbly after being huddled in a crouch for so long and the blood rushing through them like pins and needles.

"Leif," Damion says simply, turning to face the male who's been searching for him.

"Damn it all, Lothbrook, what are you doing hiding in the bushes? I thought you'd-*oh*," The low, unfamiliar voice cuts off when I take a step out from behind Damion's back to see the person speaking.

The male standing before us a few paces away is nearly the same height as Damion-maybe a few inches shorter-with curling fiery red hair that flows past his shoulders. Freckles spatter across his pale face while a thin faded scar slashes through the corner of his mouth. Red eyebrows shoot up toward his hairline as mischievous green eyes dance back and forth between us.

"Ah, I see. Shall I be off, then?" The man, Leif, asks, the insinuation clear in his voice. 

I can feel a blush heating its way up my neck and cheeks, but just Damion lets out a low long-suffering sigh, "Leif, this is Princess Liliana," he gestures down to me before turning to meet my curious stare, "Lily, this is my second in command, Captain Leif Alfson."

"Of course," Leif says, "The Seelie Princess. We meet at last."

I reach forward to take his offered hand, and I'm suddenly very aware of my bedraggled appearance. The simple lacy white night dress I'd slipped into before bed is covered in dirt from crouching on the garden floor and I can feel my hair twisted and knotted around my face in rumpled waves.

"You can just call me, Lily," I tell the captain, giving him as much of a smile as I'm able, and I hope it doesn't come across as strained as it feels.

"Lily, then," Leif nods in acknowledgement, "Good to see you both made it through the storm unharmed."

"Any reports of the damage coming in yet?" Damion asks him.

The strong lines of Leif's freckled face turn grim, "None yet. Though I suspect there will be more reports than usual. That one was particularly bad."

"They're continuing to get worse," Damion agrees, voice dropping to something brooding.

"And just when we thought we were getting a handle on what the issue was," Leif grumbles offhandedly.

I want to ask what it was they were doing to get "a handle" on the earth storms, but we're interrupted yet again by the sound of footsteps racing towards us.

"*Princess*!"

The three of us turn surprised faces toward the two shifter guards barreling toward us, stopping just in front of me. Xavier and Arden are both breathing hard, their eyes running over me as they look for any sign of injury.

"We came to get you when the bells began," Arden says to me, "but when we got to your room, you were already gone."

My chest warms with the concern in her voice and I squeeze her arm and smile gratefully at the both of them, "Thank you for coming to find me. I'm glad you're both okay."

"She's certainly endearing herself to your guard, isn't she Lothbrook?" I hear Leif note quietly to Damion. As Arden and Xavier finish their assessment of me, and finding that I'm well enough, the sound of Leif's voice has them turning to the males standing next to me. Their heads dip to give their usual salutes of respect.

"Commander. Captain." the guards say, acknowledging them both in unison.

"We can escort the Princess back to her rooms," Xavier says, looking to Damion for confirmation.

A muscle in Damion's jaw tightens, but that's the only visible shift in his face as he turns to look down at me. Though his eyes soften as they land on me, "I need to see to the damages from the storm," he tells me, "You should go and rest. Try and get some sleep. Xavier and Arden can take you back to your rooms, but I'll come by to see you when I'm finished."

Shoving down the irrational part of me that doesn't want to leave him, the part of me that's begging me to stay by his side, I nod in agreement, "Alright."

I ignore the way that Leif's eyebrows shoot up to his hairline again at the interaction and turn instead to where Arden has a hand out for me so I can lean against her. I take her arm gratefully, letting my weight settle against her as my guards escort me from the room.

And as much as I may want to, I don't look back to look over my shoulder to glance back at the black eyes I can feel carefully tracking my exit.
###chapter 34
After Arden and Xavier drop me at the door of my room, I toss and turn in my bed all night. I'm exhausted, but stare up at the ceiling, much too wired to sleep. I'm so jittery that I eventually move to the bath, hoping that the heat will relax my muscles enough to lull me off to sleep.

Staring at my reflection in the mirror as the tub filled, I look as frazzled as I feel, my eyes feverish, pale cheeks flushed. Stripping off my dirt streaked night gown, I can't help but think about how that dirt got there. It's like my mind can't stop from going to that moment again and again. Firmly pressed into Damion's marble hard chest, both of our heartbeats racing in unison like they were entwined in some frenzied dance.

*Get it together, Lily.* 

With the tub close to full, I sink into the steaming water and let the heat drag me under. Grabbing one of the bottles of luxurious soaps lining the wall of the tub at random, I begin scrubbing the dirt from my feet and legs. If only I could scrub away the memories of how they got there just as easily.

It's not as if I haven't kissed someone before. Done more than kiss, even. When I was younger, and a bit more daring, I'd gotten caught up with one of the stable hands. Troy. He had been the first person I'd met who didn't look at me like I was carrying the plague. I'd taken his kindness and ran with it. Because when you don't have much experience with warmth, it's easy to mistake a brisk day for what you think is a midsummer afternoon. I'd taken his kindness for something it wasn't.

My time with Troy hadn't lasted long. Once my father had caught wind of what was happening between us, he'd shipped him across the kingdom over the course of a single night. For my own good, he'd said. It had stung at the time, even though things could have never gone any further between the two of us, and I'd known that. 

*What had happened tonight, though*

That wasn't a kiss, it was something else entirely. Something so consuming, and entirely new to me that it deserved to be called something else-deserved to have its own name. A branding of tongue and lips and teeth. Just thinking about it has my thighs clenching together heat rising to my cheeks again.

I've never felt something like this for another person and I don't know what to do about it. Don't know what to make of it. I can't do anything about it, can I? There's no way that I can act on the irrational feelings I'm having for a man that had me kidnapped and held hostage in his underground prison cells for days on end. It would be madnesswouldn't it? If only I could get my body on the same page as my brain.

I finish bathing, rinsing myself clean. Wrapped in a soft towel, I go searching for a clean night dress, and resign myself to the fact that I'm not going to get any more sleep tonight.

****************************************************

I must have nodded off sometime in the early hours of the morning because I groggily open my eyes to a fully-risen sun shining through the window. The book I had been reading is still clutched to my chest. Someone is knocking at the bedroom door and as it creaks open, Mitra steps in with her usual sure-footed shuffle, a tray of food in her hands.

I thank her as best as I can, but my brain is too foggy with exhaustion to remember how to say as much in the hand language I've been learning from the book I borrowed from the library. She sets the tray down on the bed for me, making a quiet tsking noise under her breath at seeing my haggard state. 

I barely manage to keep myself to keep from flinching back in surprise when she presses the back of her cool palm against my forehead in a familiar gesture. 

"I don't think I have a fever," I say, my voice coming out as a tired croak, and I hurriedly clear my dry throat, "Just overtired."

She shoots me a look that's doesn't need words to explain, her skepticism rolling off of her in waves. Her expression has me chuckling under my breath, "I'm fine, really."

She waves me off with a hand, tittering around the room like a mother hen . I watch her dust the already spotless bookshelves before shuffling over to the armoire to reorganize the clothes in the closet before running off to go and get a tray of steaming ginger tea for me. I obediently drink it down, even though it strong enough that it burns my throat while Mitra watches over me like a hawk. 

Whatever's in the ginger tea works a little, because while I'm still exhausted, I feel like I've perked up a little by the time that Xavier and Arden come by. They barge through the door without knocking.

"What are you doing still in bed?" Xavier demands in his usual stern voice, looking over me critically, "You weren't still sleeping, were you?"

"Time to get going, Princess," Arden pulls open the shutters to let in more sunshine, "we've got places to be."

"Really?" I can't hide the excitement I feel from bleeding into my voice, and begin shimmying out of the bed, "Where are we going?" 

"The library needs help getting the books re-shelved after the storm last night and we got assigned to book duty," Arden tells me, "We thought that since you have a thing for books you might want to come along."

Helping out in the library sounds like just what I need today. After the way I tossed and turned in bed all night, I need a distraction. Something to keep me from going around in the same mental circles as I've been doing. 

"Let me get dressed really quick," I start to say, until I catch sight of Mitra's stern expression, "I'm only going to the library. I'll won't overwork myself, I promise." I say to the older woman, giving her my most winning smile.

She huffs, but turns back to the armoire to tug out a dress in a sunny shade of yellow and gestures to the two guards to step outside so she can help me dress. I don't bother trying to argue with her, just let her help me slip the dress on before settling me in a low chair to comb through my hair. She twists it into a smooth braid and clips it back with gemstone embedded hair clasps.

With one last stringent expression from Mitra, I send as reassuring a smile as I can, my chest warming with her concern.

 "I'll come back if I get tired," I promise her again.

She simply waves me off and I hurry to the door where my guards are waiting.
###chapter 35
The library is in a chaos when we arrive.

Books litter the ground on one side of the room where one of the shelves had collapsed during the storm. Before Arden and Xavier rush off to assist a few other guards in replacing the shelves that had collapsed during the storm, they get me situated seated next to the librarian so I can help her sort through the piles of books that need to be re-shelved.

The librarian is the same robust and energetic female I had met the last time I was here with my guards-who I learn is named Marta- and my time passes quickly with her. She has a kind, rosy-cheeked smile that puts me at ease as she shows me the best way to alphabetize the piles of books that the shifter guards continue bringing to us. 

"Does this happen every time an earth storm happens?" I ask her, gesturing to the massive pile of books we still have to sort through and reorganize.

"Heavens, no," Marta says, as she stacks a book in one of the piles across from us, "And thank goodness for that too. Last night's storm was particularly bad for something like this to happen."

Across the aisle from the table we're sitting at, two shifters work together to re-hang a colorful tapestry back beside the crumbled shelf it had fallen next to. When it's hanging back against the wall, I study the woven image that the colorful threads intertwine to create while I work. The tapestry depicts a horned male locked in an embrace with beautiful dark haired female with pointed ears. 

Something about the image strikes me and before I have the chance to think about what I'm saying, I blurt out, "That woman in the tapestry, she's an elf, isn't she?"

Marta doesn't seem startled by my observation, simply smiling softly up at the newly hanged tapestry, "Yes, she is. It's a beautiful piece of art, wouldn't you say? It's one of my personal favorites."

"It is," I say, admiring the striking range of colors again. Whoever created it had to have been a skilled artist, "I'd heard that shifters and elves were allies throughout history, but I didn't realize how close."

It's not a common thing for different species to form interpersonal relationships. From what I've always been told, most classes tended to stay within their species. I've heard courtiers around the Seelie palace gossiping about those with any sort of interest in trolls or the mer folk as anomalies. But ever since the war between the fae and the elves, and the elves departed, our collected knowledge of the elves has dwindled.

"Oh, yes," Marta says as she smooths out the wrinkled pages of a book in her lap, "back in the times before the elves retreated behind the walls of Elfhame, Bonds between elves and shifters were celebrated because they led to powerful and long-lasting pairings. Even more so than Mated pairings."

My hands slow where they're reaching for another book, and turning to her curiously, I ask, "A Bond?"

"Shifters don't usually get married in the typical sense of the word," Marta explains to me, "Most of the time, partners or pairings go beyond just attraction, but an underlying draw to one another that defies explanation. In a biological sense, it's a sort of pull that draws partners together who will create the strongest magical offspring. But, more than that, the Mate pull is a sort of magic in the purest sense of the word."

Something about what she's saying makes my cheeks heat, and as I set another book in its appropriate pile I peek up from under my lashes to make sure that there's no one else nearby listening in on our conversation. Damion had told me that shifters have a better hearing than other species, but even still I don't think think that anyone is close enough to be overhearing our conversation, thankfully.

"So shifters feel a draw to each other beyond normal attraction?" I ask Marta carefully, trying to make sure I understand what she's saying.

"Yes, it's a pull to a certain person that's hard to describe. We refer to strong pairings like that as Mates. Years ago, though, it was also discovered that shifters can feel that pull beyond other shifters but to some elves as well. Those pairings were revered because they were said to have a stronger pull toward each other than even Mates and were known to create the most powerful combination of offspring. We call those types of pairings between shifters and elves, 'Bonds'. Bond couplings were said to reap benefits from each other that not even Mates do."

While she speaks, my eyes are drawn yet again to the tapestry hanging across from us. A shifter and an elf. A Bonded pair.

 "Those types of pairings were rare," Marta continues, "but also revered among both of our kinds. That's one of the reasons our people maintained such good alliances with the elves through the years. Anyway, after the war, when the elves retreated to Elfhame, those types of pairings became obsolete. But there are many of us who hold out hope that the elves will regain their strength one day and return to the lands."

We continue sorting through the books in a companionable sort of silence. Every now and then, my eyes drift up to the tapestry across from us as I consider Marta's words. It's hard to believe how much about shifters that I'd never been taught. How much about many other races of creatures that I'd never learned. What I do know is that the fae were the ones who instigated the war between the elves years ago over a dispute of land. It's because of the fae and that war that forced the elves to retreat back to Elfhame to recover their people and their magic. 

I'd always been taught that the war had been because of disputes over land. But I can't help but wonder if my grandfather instigated the war with the elves, did he know that he was also putting a stop to Bonded pairings like this? That it would in part weaken the shifter's bloodlines and their alliance with the elves? The thought sends a sick feeling gnawing its way through my gut. Because as much as I don't want to believe my family would do something like that, I also know that a person's quest for power can have them rationalizing just about anything. 


###chapter 36
As much as I don't want to admit it, my time in the library is taking its toll on me. The tell-tale signs of a fever, while subtle at first, slowly start working their way through me until my efforts to conceal it are no use. Sweat prickles at my hairline, my skin going clammy as I push through organizing the books with shaky hands. My guards somehow notice my lagging movements and come to check on me.  A single, narrow-eyed once over is all they need to decide it's time for me to wrap up my work in the library for the day.

"Time to go, Princess," Arden says.

 I squint up at them, feigning nonchalance, "Why? We just started." I press my hands into the table to hide the way that they're shaking from exhaustion. It doesn't seem to  work though, because both of their eyes drop at the motion and narrow.

"No point in overworking yourself," Arden says, "We can come back later if you feel like it."

"I'm fine," I say, swatting away their concern, "*Really*. I want to help."

Xavier glowers down at me, "You want us to lose our jobs, Princess? Because that's exactly what's going to happen if the King finds out that we've been putting you to work while you're sick."

"Lily," I correct, "You don't need to keep calling me Princess. Lily is fine."

Arden rolls her eyes, but the smile tilting at her lips gives away the fact that she's pleased, "Fine, then, *Lily.* Up you go. Unless you'd like us to carry you back to your rooms like a true princess."

I want to believe that she's bluffing about carrying me out of here over her shoulder, but there's a mischievous glint in her eyes that tells me she'd probably enjoy the spectacle of it in truth.

I shoot her a teasing pout, huffing out a sigh as I very slowly pull myself to my feet. "No need to resort to threats," I grumble under my breath and Arden laughs out loud at my sulky expression.

By the time we make it back to my room, I know that they made the right call by forcing me back to my rooms to rest. I feel like I've been trampled by a horse. I don't even have the energy to pretend I feel well anymore as we cross through the threshold to my room. As I settle into the bed, a low groan slipping out without my permission when I sink into the pillows.

Xavier narrows his eyes as he scrutinizes me, clearly troubled, "Would you like us to send for a Healer?"

I peek over at him through lids heavy with exhaustion, "No need. It's just a slight fever. I just need to sleep it off."

Arden pats my foot over the covers comfortingly, "We'll send Mitra in to sit with you in case you need anything," she says. 

I try to tell them they don't need to, but they won't hear it. Right as the door closes behind them, I tumble into an exhausted sleep.

********************************************************

I wake up to the sound of voices. Well, *one* voice. A deep familiar rumbling sound.

The first thing I notice when I crack my eyes open is that it's dark. I must have slept through the rest of the day and into the night. It's disorienting. But not surprising considering that I can still feel the heat of fever prickling under my skin.

The King stands in the doorway of my room beside Mitra, making the older woman look tiny in comparison.

"Damion?" My sleep-drenched voice doesn't come out as more than a whisper, but he hears me anyway. His eyes swing in my direction, flickering over me for a moment.

"I can take it from here, Mitra, thank you." Mitra dips her head in acknowledgement and steps out of the room, closing the door softly behind her. 

Damion's dark eyes continue their assessment of me as he takes the few steps across the room and settles into the chair beside my bed. 

"How are you feeling?" He asks. He looks more rumpled than I've ever seen him. There's something different about him tonight that I can't quite pinpoint. The top few buttons of his white shirt are undone haphazardly revealing a v of skin and muscled chest. I notice the top portion of the tattoos I'd become acquainted with during the storm are on display.

I hurry to avert my eyes as I try to keep my thoughts from going *there*. Back to the kiss that I spent the majority of the night convincing myself shouldn't have happened. It's hard to remember all the reasons I'd come up with to not let it happen again when he's sitting here in front of me like this.

"It's just a fever," I say, "You don't need to sit here and watch me sleep. Really, I'm fine." 

His lips tilt up at the corners, a contrast to the exhaustion lining his dark eyes, "I'd probably be awake anyway, so I may as well make myself useful."

 I should argue that he should go and get some sleep, but I can't find it in me to. Something about having him here settles something deep inside of me and I feel like I'm finally able to relax. I watch him settle further into his chair and it's then that I finally notice what's different about him.

"Your horns are gone," I blurt out.

"They are," he says, simply. An amused smirk plays at the corner of his mouth.

"How?" 

"I'm a shifter, darling."

I shoot him a bland look and he chuckles-a low sound that lights my body from my toes to the tip of my head.

"I was assisting in the clean up from the storm in one of the nearby human villages. They tend to be more receptive to my help when I don't show up at their gates with horns and spikes."

It makes sense, but I can't help but eye the empty space where they usually reside and a pang of loss shoots through me. I can't explain it. When I'd first seen him, his horns and teeth had terrified me. But the more time I spent with him, the more accustomed to them I'd become and now that they're gone, I miss them. I don't want him hiding that part of himself.

Or any part of himself for that matter. 

"You should bring them back." I say as I settle back into the pillows.

He takes in my doleful expression and his eyes flash with a spark of yellow.

"As demanding as ever," he chuckles softly, and that simple sound sets off a rapturous heat under my skin, "They don't scare you?" He asks. His tone is teasing, but something in his eyes makes me think he's honestly curious.

I shake my head slowly, matching his smile with my own, "I like them," I admit.
###chapter 37
"You like them?" Damion asks.

When I nod, his face doesn't change from the mildly amused expression he's wearing, but the yellow in his eyes darkens to something closer to gold. I watch the shift in him, mesmerized. I wonder what the yellow shade in his eyes means. If the amber is anger---or rage---what do all of the other colors mean? Yellow for happy, maybe? 

The lines around his eyes soften, and he finally pulls his gaze from me.

"It's late," he says, "You should get some rest."

He's right. Even after sleeping all afternoon, exhaustion still tugs on me like a weight dragging me beneath surface of the ocean. But there's an electric feeling buzzing beneath my skin and a riot of butterflies rampaging through my stomach.

"I'm not sure I'll be able to fall back to sleep," I admit.

His tired smile turns teasing, "Shall I read you a bedtime story, Princess?"

I snort, amused by the prospect of this intense brooding male reading me a story, "I thought you'd never ask," I joke back, grinning over at him as I tuck myself further into the covers making a show of getting comfortable, "What will you be reading to me your majesty?"

He hums low in his throat, considering. He peers around the room before finally picking up the book laying open on my bedside table. "What have you been reading? I can read to you from what you've already started," he pauses as he looks at the cover and his eyebrows shoot up. 

"It's a book on hand languages," I tell him, "I borrowed it from the library. I wanted to learn it so I can speak with Mitra when she's in here. I don't think it's exactly bedtime story material."

Surprise flickers over his face, and I think he's pleased somehow. The same deep gold shade reflects back at me in his eyes.

"You look surprised by that," I say.

"Not surprised," he says, "you're just very different from what I assumed you would be."

"Oh?" I raise an eyebrow, "Good different or bad different?"

With a flex of his muscles, he pulls himself up from the chair and wanders over to the book shelf dragging his hand over the books there, searching. He turns back to face me. Leaning casually against the bookshelf behind him, mirth dancing in those intense black eyes that make my body heat all over, "*Unexpected*, different."

He turns back to peruse the shelves behind him and with his eyes off me I can breathe again.

"Well," I say with a smile, "you're different than I thought you'd be, too."

His body stills, and it's silent a moment before he says over his shoulder, "Good different or bad different?" Repeating my earlier question with a lightness that pushes an unexpected laugh from me.

I chew my lip, humming in thought and tap my cheek in an exaggerated show of considering his question.

Good different. *Definitely a good different.*

He's certainly a more skilled kisser than I'd ever would have imagined in my wildest dreams. Even thinking about it now makes my cheeks want to heat, but I refuse to let myself blush. 

He's also much more thoughtful and considerate than I ever would have thought that the fabled monster King of the North could ever be. The rumors had led me to believe that he was a savage beast who ruled the shifters with a bloody murderous fist. 

The rumors never mentioned that the was kind. That he was thoughtful. That he was attentive. That he was the type of person to give his enemy's daughter a room full of things that would make her comfortable after saving her from a retinue of sadistic soldiers and give her more freedom than she's ever known.

And while he may be as murderous as the rumors hinted at, but it was a byproduct of being protective of those who relied on him. While there's every chance that he could still be manipulating me to get what he wants from my father, and using me against my people, he's never given me any reason to think that. Not when he's had every opportunity to hurt me and wield his power over me, and instead used that power to try to make me happy and comfortable instead.

But there's no way I'd ever be able to tell him that. Definitely not.

I settle on throwing back the same words he'd used for me, "*Unexpected*, different." 

Damion chuckles under his breath and it's a surprised, throaty sound that lights me up from the inside out.

 His hand pauses on one of the books, and pulling it out of its place on the shelf he settles back down in the chair by the bed. 

"I don't think I ever thanked you." I say, suddenly, surpising us both.

"Thanked me? For what?"

I gesture around the the room, "For all of this-the books, the harp."

"I admit that it wasn't entirely selfless," he says, glancing down at the harp, "I do expect you to uphold your end of the deal." 

It takes me a moment to recall what he means. To remember the conversation we'd had when I was still his prisoner and I'd teasingly asked him to bring a harp to my room.

*"What do you want a harp for anyway?" He'd asked me.
"Bring one and I'll be sure to tell you."*

For some reason, the memory makes me smile as he comes back across the room and settles back into the chair beside my bed. I can't remember the last time I'd smiled so much, the muscles in my face tight with that fact, but I can't seem to help it. He draws them out of me too easily and I don't want to think too much about that or fight it. I watch as he opens the book in his lap he had chosen, propping it up on his knee. His dark eyes flick back and forth across the page as he begins reading.

The King's voice is smooth and soft as the shadows lining the corners of my room, and I let my eyes drift close so I can better concentrate on his words. I slowly get caught up in the story, losing myself to it, while my previously stiff muscles relax and my racing thoughts begin to settle. 

The soft lilt of his voice drifts through the room like a low lullaby, an unexpected comfort that eases me into a soft peaceful sleep. 


###chapter 38
Damion must have left some time after I fell asleep, because the chair by my bed is empty when I wake in the morning. The book he had read to me last night was placed next to my bed along with a few other books he must have pulled off the shelf for me.

I had expected for the fever to leave during the night like it usually does while I rest. I'd slept enough yesterday and then through the night- enough for it to have fallen off while I slept. Yet, when I crack my eyes open in the morning, I look around with dry eyes still feeling the telltale ache in my bones that let me know that the fever is still there.

When I sit up, I find my little blue bottle of medicine on the bedside table and take two doses of it again. The bottle is still nearly full, because the Seelie apothecary had refilled my medicine when I was packing to leave for the Unseelie Court. Still, there's a small part of me that wonders what I'm going to do when the bottle eventually empties. 

There's a glass of water near the bed and I drink it down quickly. It does little to stave off the heat and headache pounding through my skull or the nausea roiling through me. The nausea stage is the third stage and usually takes a little longer to come on than this. And when I'm consistent with my medicine it rarely gets this far if ever. I try not to let the fact that my illness has gotten this far while still taking my medicine.

It'll probably pass soon as long as I keep resting. I force myself to shove down the ball of worry that's gnawing in my gut-the worry that says that says I've always been on borrowed time and I'm finally approaching the burnout that the palace physicians have always warned about.

Mitra comes with breakfast-a simple porridge and berries, but I find that I can't stomach anything other than the warm tea she's brought. She watches on with a concerned twist of her mouth and goes to run water for a bath. Like yesterday, she hovers nearby, flitting around like a mother hen but today I don't have the energy to brush off her concern. I'm too focused on keeping the nausea at bay so I don't lose the tea I just drank all over the floors.

She helps me to the bath-her frail-looking shoulders much more sturdy and muscled than they appear beneath her cotton dresses. I shiver when my sweat soaked dress is tugged off over my head, but as soon as I step into the steaming water, the shivers abate. The lavender bath salts and hot water seep into my aching muscles while Mitra works the shampoos and oils into my hair, combing through it with gentle hands.

I must fall asleep, only waking up when the water's gone cold to Mitra's gentle taps on my shoulder. She helps me out of the water and dries me off with a towel. I don't even have the energy to be embarrassed that she's seeing me like this, just grateful that I have help. 

In a clean night gown, I make it back to the bed to find she's changed out the sweat soaked sheets for a fresh set while I'd slept in the tub. 

"Thank you, Mitra." I whisper hoarsely as she tucks me into bed.

She pushes me to drink another few sips of mint tea that help stifle the nausea and fall back to sleep.

*****************************************************

Xavier and Arden stop by the next time I wake up. They sit with me for a while, offering to play cards. They do their best to keep up their usual easy banter with me, talking about how the library is coming back together and the mischief one of their fellow soldiers had gotten into recently with one of the cooks downstairs.

Under the joking I can see the tight, worried lines on their faces, can see the concerned glances they throw me when they think I'm not looking. 

They do an admirable job of pretending until my nose starts bleeding.

It comes out of no where, dripping onto the cards in my hand. All I can do is stare at the scarlet drops on my fingertips, barely believing what I'm seeing.

Arden curses loudly when she sees it and when Xavier glances up from his cards to see what the matter is and sees the blood, his face turns pale as the blood leeches from his deep umber skin as his mouth forms a tight line.

All I can do is blink down at the blood, "This shouldn't be happening. Why is this happening?" I say in a flat voice, "I don't understand."

"Lily?" Arden says from right beside me, "Are you alright?" 

With the blood rushing in my ears, I barely hear Xavier stand from his chair, "I'm going to find Healer Orm," he says.

"*Hurry* Xavier," Arden urges him in a hiss. Her footsteps cross the room to the adjoining bathing chamber and when she returns, she runs warm damp cloth over my hands before dabbing at the blood under my nose.

"Here, why don't you lay down."

I do as she asks as my shocked scrambled thoughts flurry through my head, "This shouldn't be happening." I say in a slurred voice without really meaning to.

Arden pauses where she's dabbing at the blood on my neck, "The nose bleed you mean?" 

"I've been taking my medicine. It's supposed to stop this from happening."

"It's going to be okay. Xavier went to a Healer. You're going to be fine." It sounds like she's trying to convince herself as much as me.

I really hope she's right. But there's something about this fever that's different than the others. It's moving faster. It's different than what I'm used to. Something that feels like a boulder settles in my stomach, as dread drifts through me. 

This shouldn't be happening. It's like my medicine has stopped working.

I try to keep conscious for when Xavier returns with the Healer, but I lose consciousness before they return sinking into a feverish black fog.

###chapter 39
"There has to be another explanation that we're not seeing." Damion's strained voice drifts into my consciousness before I have the chance to open my eyes. There's a tension in his voice that resounds like a bowstring tugged too tightly. It makes me want to force my eyes open to try to make that stress disappear somehow.

"I thought so too at first," Orm's familiar voice responds, "Yet, when I went through my research records, it was the only thing that made sense. The symptoms line up with what she told me she's been experiencing."

"Traveling with her in this condition could prove to do more damage to her if this doesn't work," Damion growls, "So I need to know you're sure, Orm, or else you're going to have to search for another solution."

"There *is* no other solution. Of that I am certain."

Heat courses through my skin pounding through my head and despite my best efforts, a whimper slips between my clenched lips. A large hand rests on my shoulder, another softly brushing sweat soaked strands of hair away from my forehead. I don't know how, but I know that it's Damion without needing to open my eyes.

His skin feels cool against my flushed skin and I lean into his soothing touch to absorb some of that coolness. His fingers brush through my hair again, more gentle than I'd ever thought possible.

"Whatever you decide, you need to do it quickly," Orm tells him in a low voice.

There's a long drawn out pause before Damion lets out a low resolved breath, "Xavier," he calls out, louder this time, and there's a creak of the door opening, "I need you to make preparations for us to travel north. We'll be leaving within the hour. Wake Leif and inform him as well."

"Yes, Commander." Xavier says, and the door creaks shut behind him.

"I'll prepare something to help keep her asleep while you travel," Orm says, "It's imperative that she conserve as much energy as possible until you reach Elfhame."

Elfhame? I want to ask what's going on, but I can't find the strength to find my lips to ask.

The weight of someone settling their weight next to me on the edge of the mattress shifts the bed, "Lily," Damion says, in that deep voice of his. I feel my eyelids flutter with the need to open them and see him, but I can't get my eyes opened the rest of the way, "You're going to be fine," he says. "We're going to get you to what we believe is a cure. We'll need to ride for a few days, but all you need to worry about is resting. I'll do whatever it takes to get you better." 

His warm hand finds mine, and I squeeze his fingers gently to let him know that I can hear him. The mattress shifts and I feel him lean in closer before something warm lips press to my forehead making my stomach flutter and are gone the next moment.

"Get some more rest. I'll come and get you when it's time to leave."

Whether I want to or not, I do as he says and drift back into unconsciousness.


*******************************************************

When I wake again, I realize right away that I'm no longer in bed. I'm being held up in a sitting position, the uneven gait of a horse thumping beneath me.  The cold wind that whips into my face is a relief against my feverish skin, and while the air is frigid, I feel snug and warm tucked against the person behind me.

Forcing my eyes open, the first thing I see is the pile of pelts and quilts I've been bundled into. I've been swaddled up like an infant, and while I may look ridiculous, I feel so snug and warm there's no way I'm going to complain. A large set of arms cage me into a sturdy body behind me keeping me from tumbling off the horse as we pass through unfamiliar terrain at suck a fast pace the surroundings are only a blur.

I don't understand how I know that it's Damion's body pressed into mine, but my entire body prickles with warm electrifying tingles that tell me it's him I'm resting against. Where my cheek is pressed against his chest, I can hear the steady thumping of his heartbeat above the thundering hoofbeats beneath us.

My swirling foggy thoughts can't remember what I'm doing here or what's happening. 

"Damion?" I ask sleepily, "What's going on? Why are we on a horse?"

I don't know how he hears me over the sounds of the wind and galloping horses, but he does. It's probably due to the fact that his shifter hearing is so much better than mine is.

"We're getting you somewhere you can get better," he says, glancing down at me. His eyes are the usual dark shade-a black so dark that it's hard to tell where his pupil ends and his iris begins. This close to him though, I can see flecks of silver streaking through the iris making his eyes look like a starry sky.

The sharp corner of his jaw flexes, the skin there now covered by a fine layer of stubble that hadn't been there before, "Are you in pain at all?" He asks me, "Do you need more medicine?"

My head is still pounding and my stomach clenches uncomfortably with nausea, but it's a a pain that I'm accustomed to so it barely registers anymore. I'm a little surprised that the gait of the horse doesn't make my stomach more queasy than it is, but I'm tucked in so tightly against Damion that I don't really feel the movement as much as I would normally.

"I'm alright," I hurry to assure him, "How long have we been riding for?"

Flexing my feet and legs that are cocooned so tightly in blankets I can't move them much, I can feel a stiffness in my muscles that tells me I've been sleeping for a long time.

"About a day and a half," he says, his eyes still trained on the terrain surrounding us.

A day and a half? My brain stutters over that fact, trying to figure out where we could possibly be riding to.

*We're getting you somewhere you can get better.* 

My stomach stinks in my stomach as the only real possibility of where we could be riding to dawns on me. I can't go back to the Seelie Court, I *can't*. The second I step back in my father's court, I'll be shipped back to the Unseelie to bind our contract with them. With Damion's help, I'd barely been able to slip through their fingers last time. If they managed to get their hands on me again, they'd be more prepared. They'd put so many guards on my that it would be impossible for me to escape

I shift in my seat again, the sudden wave of anxiety making me throat and chest so tight I can barely suck in enough air.

Damion must hear the way my heartbeat and breathing escalate by the second, because he looks away from the road to check on me. His black eyes have shifted to a deep shade of purple, "*Lily*?" He rasps.

With my heart in my throat, I manage to say, "You'reyou're not taking me back home, are you?"
###chapter 40
"*What*?" Damion growls, "Why on earth would you think that?" 

  I'm babbling now, I know that, but I can't seem to stop myself. Panic is making black spots dance in my vision, "Please, I can't go back home. They'll just send me back to the Unseelie. If it's too much trouble having me in your castle, you can drop me in one of the nearby human villages, I'll be fine. Just please don't send me home."

Distantly, I notice Damion tug on the reins, slowing the horse enough so that he can grasp my chin in one of his overly large, calloused palms and tug my gaze to meet his.

"Lily, listen to me. I'm not sending you anywhere-- Not anywhere I can't follow. And there's no way in hell I'd ever take you back to your father. That bastard doesn't deserve to be in the same country as you after the way he's treated you. Do you understand?"

I swallow hard as his words sink in. As the reality that he's not taking me back to the Seelie Court begins to settle, my heart rate begins to slow and my ragged breathing starts to even out. In answer to his question, I dip my head in a shaky nod.

Hearing him say those simple words bring hot tears to my eyes that I try my best to blink away, but one still manages to escape. He moves the hand that had been holding onto my chin so he can brush the tear away with one of his fingers. His hand is cold after holding the reins for so long, whipped by the icy wind.

His smooth face tightens, the muscles in his jaw working as if pained, "I didn't mean to upset you," He says, voice strained, "Please, don't cry---" 

I blink away the heat in my eyes, staring up at him with blurry eyes, shocked, "You didn't upset me," I say, "Not at all. I'm not sad, I'm*relieved*."

I don't think relieved quite covers what I'm feeling. The tightness in Damion's expression slowly softens at my explanation. He tucks me closer to him, pulling me into his leather-clad hard chest almost unconsciously. The warmth of his body against mine is a comfort in itself. I let myself lean into his soothing presence absorbing that foreign feeling like a drowning man seeking oxygen.

After a few moments, I force myself to pull away so I can look up into his face again, "If you're not taking me home, then where are we going?"

Damion's mouth settles into a tight grim line, "Orm has a theory of what he believes will cure your illness. So I'm taking you to test his theory."

My heart thumps unsteadily, shock and disbelief making my entire body go rigid. A cure? I can't wrap my head around that single word. 

I have so many questions, but before I even get the chance to open my mouth, the thundering sound of horse hooves approach us and a voice calls out to us over the wind, "Everything alright there, Commander? We thought something might be wrong with your horse-"

I recognize the voice instantly, sitting up in the saddle so I can see over Damion's arm, "Xavier?"

"*Princess*?" Xavier sputters. His head whipping over to meet my shocked gaze with his own, "What in the gods name are you doing awake?!"

His blatant show of shock, something so wildly uncharacteristic for him, has a grin breaking out over my face.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" I laugh, "I was *sleeping*, not dead. Why do you look like you're seeing a ghost?"

"He's just relieved and doesn't know how to show it," explains a female voice from our other side.

My head whips in the opposite direction to see the rider who's flanking our other side, "Arden!"

"It's good to see your eyes open, Princess," there's exhaustion lining her expression, but the relief on her face is obvious.

I grin at her over Damion's shoulder, "What are you two doing here?"

"We're here to watch your back of course," Arden says with a smirk, "What else?"

 "I have a feeling these two would have followed after us whether I agreed to their presence or not," Damion murmurs into my ear. The feel of his warm breath against my cheek sends shivers up and down my spine, heating my skin and my stomach flutters.

"We were just about to pick up our pace again," Damion leans back up to say to the two shifter guards, "We have a lot of distance to cover before nightfall."

Both Arden and Xavier's faces return to serious masks.

"Whenever you're ready sir," Xavier says.

Damion's eyes drop down to me, flitting over where I'm leaning against him as if reassuring himself that I'm still seated safely in the saddle, "Are you ready?" He asks me.

When I nod, Damion kicks against the stirrups, bringing his horse back up  to the breakneck speed we'd been riding at when I'd first woken up. I settle back against Damion's sturdy chest.

When we've gotten to a breakneck speed that he's satisfied with, he leans down close enough that I can feel his warmth against my cheek. Close enough that I can hear him over the wind whipping past us, "You should try to get more sleep if you can," he murmurs, "Orm suggested that you sleep as much as possible to keep your strength up."

I'm so tired of sleeping. So tired of missing out on things because of this fever that's controlling my life. But I can't deny the fact that my body is begging me to close my eyes again, pulling me back to the world of unconsciousness. I force my eyes to stay open as long as I can, staring at the blur of passing mountain terrain. 

It's dark, but I can make out dark smears of pine trees and rocky cliff sides. I watch them pass by until I can't force my eyes open any longer. Then I turn my face into Damion's chest and breath in his familiar scent of leather and pine and heat. When I tuck myself closer into him, his arms flex around me, keeping me close. 
###chapter 41
"How are we supposed to get inside?" I say, staring up at the unassuming smooth granite siding constructed into the side of the mountain, "No one can get into Elfhame except those with elvish blood."

The sun is barely peeking over the side of the mountain bringing buttery soft sunshine shimmering into the outcropping Damion had called the horses to a stop in. We had ridden up rarely used mountainous trails through the entire night and I don't know how any of them are still functioning after no sleep. Let alone how Damion, Xavier, and Arden managed to see well enough to steer their horses through the pitch black night-though I assume *that* had something to do with their superior shifter eyesight. 

There's nothing significant that stands out about this particular part of the mountain, though the longer we stand here, it's easier to see the subtle differences that set this place apart from the other paths we'd taken to get here. The most noticeable of them is the barely visible inscription carved into the the smooth stone nearly overgrown with ivy. 

I can't read the words, but I can tell by looking at it that they're written in some form of Elvish.

*The wall of Elfhame.* 

That's what Damion had revealed when he'd finally tugged the horse we've been riding to a stop. All I could do was gape.

The legendary entrance into the original home of the elves. I was taught about the wall in my studies from the palace tutors, but for some reason I'd always imagined it would be different. I guess I'd always expected it to be more.imposing, maybe? That it would have guards outside of it at least. Instead of all that, though, the only visible indication that it is indeed the entrance to the elves' inner sanctum is the inscription carved into the stone and wooden circle built into the granite siding of the mountain.

I say, more to myself than anyone in particular, "I didn't think that anyone besides the elves knew the exact location of the wall." 

Then, I remember Marta's words to me in the library when she was explaining the longstanding alliances between elves and shifters due to the powerful relationships they're able to form. *Bonds*.

*"Those types of pairings were rare, but also revered among both of our kinds. That's one of the reasons our people maintained such good alliances with the elves through the years." Marta had explained to me, that day in the library, "There are many of us who hold out hope that the elves will regain their strength one day and return to the lands."*

Is that how they know the location of the wall? Because of the Bonds that used to happen between elves and shifters?

"You're right," Damion says, interrupting my muddled train of thought, "Not many people are made aware of where the wall is located as a matter of safety. The only reason that I was made aware of it is because I was brought here by my father many years ago when he was meeting with the elvish elders. And he only knew how to find the wall because of our previous alliances with them."

I gape over at Damion as shock ripples through me in waves, "You've been inside the wall before?" 

"Once," he nods, and I can't decipher the serious set to his shoulders or the stony expression overtaking his face, "But that was a very long time ago."

I feel my eyebrows coming together, "But how were you able to get in?"

I feel him slide from the saddle behind me, landing smoothly on his feet despite the days of hard riding he'd just done. His movements don't give away the smallest sign of stiffness. He reaches up to grab me by the waist to lift me easily from the saddle and holding me steady as I regain a semblance of balance. 

"You were right before," Damion says, when he finally steps away from me, "when you said that the wall requires requires an offering of elvish blood in order for it to open. Though, there is another way to ask admittance past the wall." 

He takes a step closer to the wall to pull back a layer of overgrown ivy revealing a tarnished silver torch embedded in the stone. The silver blends in with the granite, practically camouflaged into the side of the mountain and I know that there's no way someone would see it themselves if they didn't know it was there. 

"When this torch is lit," Damion says, before letting the wall of ivy fall back over the silver, "another twin torch inside the wall lights as well, letting them know that someone is out here asking for an audience. Though, I'm hoping it won't come down to that. The last time, we camped out here for two weeks before they finally decided to grant us an audience. I don't believe we have the luxury of time to wait while they debate our admittance."

Distantly, I notice him shoot a glance down at me that looks almost worried, but it's gone again so quickly that I could have been imagining it. I don't think he's wrong in believing that we're running out of time. Despite Damion passing me my medicine last night, I'd had yet another nose bleed while we'd ridden that had only been staunched by Damion handing me a handkerchief I wouldn't have ever have expected to have been on his person in the first place. And in spite his many attempts to coax water into me from the water skin he'd passed to me as we'd ridden, the nausea makes it impossible for me to get anything down. 

I worry my bottom lip between my teeth as I consider his words, "You said there's another way, didn't you? What's our other option?"

Xavier and Arden dismount from their horses, stretching as they make their way over to stand beside us, "Yes, I've been curious about this myself. What is our other option, sir?" Arden asks, eyeing the wall speculatively. 

Damion's face turns grim, "Our other option requires testing out Orn's theory."

I feel my eyebrows come together as confusion simmers through me. My brain is too muddled with the fever and headache to even attempt to hazard any guesses as to what he may mean by this, "And what is Orn's theory?" I ask him.

The exhaustion lining Damion's face becomes even more apparent as he rubs a hand over the sharp lines of his stubbled jaw. He turns to face me fully, leveling the full force of his dark gaze down at me, "He believes that we'll be able open the wall using your blood." 

Shock settles in and no one in our group speaks for a moment. To their credit, Arden and Xavier seem almost as floored by this as I am.

"Orn thinks I have elf blood?" I ask slowly.

Damion nods, carefully watching the reactions rise and fall over my face reading every emotion as they play out. His own face remains impassive as I struggle to sort through my racing thoughts.

I have no idea how it would be possible, and I don't have the time to try and sift through all of the ways it could have happened. Because there's only one way to find out. 

Holding his eyes, I take a step closer to Damion, then another. He doesn't move, but his chest stills as if he's holding his breath. I let the blankets that are still wrapped over my shoulders drop to the ground to free up my hands. His eyes flick over me, still not moving as I reach toward him to grasp the handle of the dagger I know is strapped into the sheath at his thigh.

The dagger is heavier than I expect as the leather handle of it settles into my palm, the metal glinting in the sunlight. No one speaks or even breaths as I cross the small space between us and the wall.  Without giving myself a moment to over think it, and without hesitation I slide the sharp side of the blade across my palm. I barely feel the sting as crimson blood bubbles to my skin and I press my palm to the icy cool surface of the granite wall.

The world goes quiet, and a weight settles over my shoulders, a prickle of heated electricity dancing under my skin. The stone warms beneath my palm, heating as light begins shining in the small facets of rock. There's a groan and a crunch that sends my heartbeat skyrocketing.

And then the rounded entrance of gates slide open.
###chapter 42
The gates open, revealing a long and wide cobblestone tunnel. Elaborate torches spark to life as the gates settle into their open position, revealing what looks to be a never-ending stretch of hallway that leads deep into the mountain.

Damion, Xavier, Arden, and I stare, unmoving, into the dimly lit narrow pass. A part of me wonders if I've stepped into some sort of fever dream. I can barely make sense of what's just happened-the combination of fever and shock make me doubt what I'm seeing.

*The gates opened for me. They only open for elvish blood, and they opened for me.*

But how is that possible? That would mean that one of my parents?

Before the panic and uncertainty get the chance to fully make an appearance, there's a warm weight of a large hand pressing onto the small of my back. A tiny piece of comfort that I lean into it, absorbing what strength I can from it.

"They'll know that we're here," Damion murmurs, voice low, "We should get moving."

Without a word and with a hand on the hilt of his sword, Xavier takes point leading the way down the hallway while Arden drops back to cover our backs. Leaning into Damion's hand for strength I push forward on shaking legs, focusing solely on the broad shape of Xavier's back as he carries forward.

Between one moment and the next, Damion's swept me up into his arms with my legs cradled in one arm and my back supported by the other, tucked into his chest. I can't help but notice how easily I fit there-how natural it feels to be in his arms like this. Like two puzzle pieces fitting together.

I start to protest, "I can walk, Damion-" 

"I know," he murmurs to me, his voice steady, a reassurance. I can hear the lilt of a smile in his voice, "Unfortunately for you, Orm was very adamant about not allowing you to expend any more strength than is absolutely necessary until we speak to the Healers here. I don't fancy being on his bad side, so you'll just have to put up with my being overly cautious."

I snort around a laugh, and at the sound, he grins down at me. His eyes flash a mixture of yellow and gold before going going back to that deep plum color I've been seeing on and off the past few days before going back to their usual black. If I'm guess correctly, his yellow eyes signal that he's amused. And seeing that undeniable flash of color brings me another warm flicker of happiness along with a hint of triumph that *I* had been the one to bring that happiness to this overly serious King.

I don't have enough evidence to figure out what the purply plum shade his eyes occasionally shift to means. I suspect that it has something to do with worry, but I can't be sure. I make a mental note to discover the source of that particular shade later.

I playfully narrow my eyes up at him and say, "I don't believe that someone as good-natured as Healer Orm *can* have a bad side. He seems too kindhearted for that." I try to ignore the way my words echo ominously through dimly lit tunnel, try to pay no attention to the way the shadows shift forbiddingly around us giving the subtle feel of being watched by unseen eyes.

The quiet sound of Xavier and Ardens snickers twist around us, the echoing off the walls making them more pronounced.

I blink back up at Damion in time to catch sight of his full lips tilt into a smirk, "I'm sure he'd be pleased to hear you say that."

In front of us, his back still to us, Xavier grunts his agreement, "Healer Orn may have a good bedside manner, but he's as vicious as they come."

"Healer *Orn*," I qualify, unable to believe that the'd say that about the kindly man I'd met in the shifter's hospital wing when I'd woken up there a few weeks again. The man who'd volunteered to look through his notes for a cure for me, "No way. He's just a nice older manisn't he?" I blink between them, chewing on my bottom lip.

Arden chuckles behind us, "Believe it, Princess," she says, "Orn's been a Healer long enough that he has no patience for anyone or anything anymore. He's by far the most crotchety old men I've ever met. He's the best Healer we have by far, but he doesn't take shit from anyone that's for sure. You must have charmed the old man the same way you do everyone else for you to have seen that much of his good side."

Damion and Xavier hum their agreement to Arden's statement and I blink wide-eyed between them. I try to match their words to the kindly Healer and just can't. 

I let out a small sigh, letting the subject drop for now. With the conversation having lulled to silence, the only sound is the quiet scrape of our breathing and the shifter's nearly silent footsteps over the sparkling light colored cobblestone.

Against my better judgement, I lean into Damion's broad chest, snuggling in against his shoulder and away from the dimly lit tunnel. Pressed against him like this, I breathe in the crisp spicy scent of pine and cold mountain air that still clings to his deep black riding leathers. The subtle smell of him does something to my brain, lighting it up from the inside out and softening my pulse as my muscles relax into him more. 

Something about leaning against him this way, mixed in with his heat and scent works as a tranquilizer against the stress that and unanswered questions that had been tying me up into unmanageable knots. But something about Damion sooths me. I'd never experienced something like it with another person before except-maybe on occasion with my older sister Lucia. I have never had someone who has calmed me with their presence alone.

Though, my leaning into him seems to have an opposite reaction on Damion. Where I lean against him, I can feel his muscles stiffen and where my shoulder is pressed against his chest is an uneven jerk as his breath hitches. I wonder if I've gone too far-wonder if he'll push me away or pass me off to one of the guards. But he doesn't. He lets out the breath he had been holding and tucks me even closer into his chest. His large hands flex, tightening where they grasp around my body.

We walk in the dim tunnel for a while, long enough that I start to ask Damion how long we'll be in this underground pass when I jolt at an unexpected noise. Rather, it's *more* than a noise.

There's an undeniable pulse through the earth. Like a thrumming electrical shock that makes the hairs on my arms stand on end and goosebumps to prickle my skin. 

*It feels like a heartbeat*.

My muscles freeze, my breathing halting in my lungs as I strain my hears against the startling sensation.

And it happens again.

I gasp without meaning to and Damion stops in his tracks.
###chapter 43
"What's wrong?" Damion asks, immediately on edge. His dark eyes rake over me, searching for injury or any sign of distress, "What happened?"

I peer up into his face with wide eyes, "Didn't you feel that?"

"What did you feel?" He asks, his dark brow furrowing together.

"Is it her fever?" Arden murmurs worriedly under her breath to Xavier and Damion, "Maybe it's getting worse."

I wiggle in Damion's arms until he gently sets me down and my shoeless, sock covered feet are resting on the cobblestone tunnel path. 

Taking a shaky step toward the wall and pressing my palm against the stone. I expect it to be cold against my skin, but it's warm as if the mountain is lit with an inner, unseen fire.  I gasp as another pulse shakes through the earth, prickling my fingers like an electric shock, "*There it is again*."

"I didn't feel anything," Xavier hisses under his breath to the others, "Did either of you?"

"It's likethe earth is humming," I whisper to myself, staring up at the walls of the tunnel in confusion, "How is that possible?" 

 A deep, unfamiliar voice, breaks the tense silence that falls between us, "What you're referring to is known as the Beating Heart of Elfhame."
 
 I spin around to face the unexpected pair of strangers that now stands a few paces away. I have no idea who they are or where they could have possibly come from in this narrow strip of tunnel, and the shifters tense as well as if just as shocked by the newcomers as I am. The man and woman standing a few paces away from us are both tall and willowy, hands folded in front of them gracefully as they study us each in turn. 

The man-elf-has long snowy white hair that hangs in sleek sheets down his shoulders. He stands nearly as tall as Damion does, though maybe an inch or two shorter. And while he's almost the same height, he's not nearly as broad as the shifter King is. The male elf is thinner, less muscled and more lithe. His skin is pristine, not a wrinkle in sight, but there's a certain agelessness about his eyes that makes me think that he's not nearly as young as he appears.

"King Damion Lothbrook," The male says, with a voice that sounds like the low ringing of a passing breeze, "It's been many years since we have had the pleasure."

Damion stiffly tilts his chin in greeting, "Elder Elandorr, Elder Aelrie," he says in greeting as he  moves to stand beside me. He ends up partially blocking the elves view of me with his body in a protective stance.

"Given that only elves can feel the Beating Heart, I take it that it was this young woman who was the one to get you past the walls?" The deep timbre of Elder Elandorr's voice is rife with disapproval. The male elf turns his gaze solely on me, ignoring the shocked stares of the shifter guards flanking us and Damion's protective stance entirely, "What's your name child?"

I shift on unsteady legs to better see around Damion's broad shoulders, "Lily," I say, staring into the opalescent gleaming in the older man's eyes, "Liliana Montegard." 

A single line forms between Elandorr's snowy eyebrows, "Montegard, you say?"

I nod.

The female elf-the one Damion had called Elder Aelrie-is as tall and graceful as the male elf, and has long chestnut brown hair. Her wise, wide set almond shaped eyes are the same shade as her hair and as she eyes me with a too-knowing perusing gaze, worried lines form around her rosy lips, "She's in the latter stages of the Fading," she warns in a hushed voice, "I can feel it even from here. We need to hurry."

"That's why we brought her here," Damion tells them, and while his voice is calm, there's a tension in his back that tells me he's not as unaffected as he appears, "we suspected her lineage was rooted here and determined you would be able to help her."

"Yes," Elder Aelrie agrees, "If it was indeed her blood that was able to grant you entrance through the wall and she is able to hear the Beating Heart then you brought her to the correct place. Though it seems impossible to have a long lost bloodline among your people. You've proved yourself a true ally to us yet again your majesty. Thank you for bringing one of our own back to us, we can take it from here."

The female's words sound like a clear dismissal and I turn my wide, panic-stricken eyes up to Damion.

The thought of him leaving me here among these strangers has weighted dread settling over my shoulders and the pit of my stomach to twist uncomfortably.

Damion's eyes latch onto mine for a single heated, desperate moment. Whatever he sees there has him nodding, "Wherever it is you plan to take her, I'm coming. I'm not leaving her."

Those simple self-assured words send grateful tears springing in my eyes. His tone leaves no room for argument, every inch of his voice drenched in authority. 

Elder Elandorr stiffens, "I'm afraid that won't be possible-"

Damion cuts the male elf's protest off with a menacing look, "Our people may have benefited from centuries of alliances," his voice is a dangerous, darkly cutting strike, "But make no mistake that I will cut you to the ground if I need to Elandorr."

A single stress filled moment passes like a thick cloud.

"Alright," Elandorr grunts stiffly, "Though your companions will have to stay in the initial holding room."

When Damion nods his agreement to his terms, the female elf moves to the side to open a hidden door in the cobble stone wall, revealing how they were able to sneak up on the shifters. With willowy frames and in their flowing robes, they appear to be float forward to the hidden pathway. A dark cavernous looking hole in the earth. My stomach lurches at the prospect of following them into the mountain's depths.

While I stare at the dark opening into the mountain, a light touch to my shoulder and waist are the only warning I get before Damion sweeps me up off his feet and into his arms to carry me. I don't even bother to argue this time. Now that the initial adrenaline had begun to wear off, I was feeling more shaky and light headed than even before, my stomach in nauseating knots. 

The relief of having Damion with me is enough to have me clinging to his warm neck in shaky relief.

Elandorr raises an imperious brow, his glassy cheeks indenting as if he's tasted something sour and says, "Follow me."

Damion gives my legs a reassuring squeeze as he follows the elves into he dark tunnel opening.

###chapter 44
I fade in and out of consciousness as we make it through the tunnel.

I'm a shaky clammy mess by the time we break out of the tunnel and warm sunshine splashes over my face. The world around me is a blur of deep green.

"We're almost there," Damion whispers into my ear in a low silky voice, his breath warm on the pointed edge of my ear, "Just hold on a little longer. Just focus on me. We're almost there."

I do as he says, turning my hazy eyes up to look up into the beautiful lines of his face.

A small smile just for me breaks across his full lips as my eyes meet his dark ones, "There she is," he says, "good girl. Focus on me. Just stay awake a little longer."

The next thing I'm aware of is being set on my feet on soft tufts of grass and a flurry of soft unfamiliar female hands stripping the dress off my body until my body is left bare. I barely notice, my gaze stuck on Damion's. Warm air brushes against my naked skin as the still-clothed bodies of female elves flurry around me, trying to keep me standing on my unsteady feet.

"Eyes on me, Princess," Damion smirks at me, the light reflecting alluringly off the curve of his matte black horns, the arch of his cheek bones, the sharp points of his glistening teeth. I distantly notice that Damion is unbuttoning his own shirt, stripping off his riding leathers.

Still, he doesn't take his eyes off mine as he slides them off his muscular body. It's steadying, but also overwhelming, having the full force of his focus centered solely on me. 

The elves' hands that had tugged my clothes off a moment ago now push me down a slight slope supporting me until I'm surrounded by warmth. What feels like between one blink and the next, I'm being lowered into a warm shimmering pool of water until I'm completely submerged. 

What happens next takes my breath away.

It feels like the earth, the surrounding water, has been infused with a magical electric surge that flows beneath my skin and prickles its way through my veins and slowly following the current throughout my body. The feeling tingles through my body, heating my skin and my blood to what feels like a boiling point. It's a rush unlike anything I've ever known and I drink in the sensation of it like a drowning man drinks down oxygen.

When my head breaks back through the water, I feel like I'm taking a full breath of air for the first time in my life. A warm water-slick body slides behind my back supporting me so my head doesn't fall back beneath the surface. A strong pair of hands grip onto my waist, staying firmly in place. I don't know how I know the person behind me is Damion without glancing back over my shoulder, but I do somehow. Like I can just sense it's him, his presence a familiar one.

I lean into the body behind me, eyes closed, just revealing in the feeling of unfettered, unadulterated *wholeness* that's sparking to life under my skin. Happy, relieved tears pool in my closed eyes, dripping down my cheeks, a smile tugging at my lips.

When I finally open my eyes, the first thing I notice is that I'm staring up into the blue depths of a morning sky only cut off from view by the overcrowded forests leaning over me. Surrounded on all sides by emerald trees.

I blink water and tears out of my eyes, peering around me. I'm laying in a pool of warm crystal clear water, embraced in its depths. The water glows like there's a sun hidden beneath it. It's a clearer crystalline blue than anything I've ever seen. A shimmering aquamarine dreamscape that buzzes with an electricity that sparks my skin all the way down to my bones. 

Not far from where I've been laid in the pool, a waterfall pours down the side of a moss covered craggy cliffside. As it glances off the hot spring's surface, it brings with it a hazy mist that prickles my hairline, dampening my hair that isn't submerged in the water. The falling water froths the water so it's nearly impossible to see beneath the immediate surface.

As if sensing my eyes opening, a warm finger quickly and gently drags under my eyes, wiping away the tears dripping there,"You alright, darling?" Damion asks quietly.

I nod, another relieved tear escaping my eyes, "More than alright," I say. And it's true. There's not really any way to describe how I feel. Like sunshine is being trapped beneath my skin and my heart is pumping easily for the first time in my life. I feel incredible. Strong.

"You're glowing," he says, his lips a muffled murmur where they're pressed  against my hair,"Your skin."

I glance down at myself and see that he's right, my skin is glimmering like that of a gem. I hold my hand above the frothing water so I can get a better view of it. The overly pale shade shimmers, a hint of warmth sparking there now. It reminds me of the opal gems the fae occasionally had embedded in their jewelry.

"Beautiful," Damion says,  a hint of awe in his voice.

That simple remark sends a blush heating up my neck into my cheeks. I bite my bottom lip, fighting a smile. Against my back, I feel Damion take a deep steadying breath that shakes a little where it presses and brushes into my back.

I know he can't really see much of me under the water the way that I am, but I can feel something steely and hard pressing into my lower back that sends a flash of heat through me. The feel of him there, pressing into my back, I'm suddenly *very* aware of the fact that I'm laying in this pool naked with him. With not even a shred of fabric separating us.

I know it probably doesn't mean anythingjust his body reacting to the strange situation we've managed to find ourselves in. But that doesn't stop my own body from responding to the way that his is reacting. 

My stomach is in a pile of fluttering knots and a flash of heat spears through me, the apex of my thighs clenching and throbbing.

With the rush of energy flowing through me, I don't think about what I do next. I flip over in his arms so my the front of my body is pressed into his and then fuse my lips to his in a scorching kiss.
###chapter 45
 I flip over in Damion's arms so my the front of my body is pressed into his and fuse my lips to his.

Damion freezes for only a moment before suddenly leaning forward to kiss me back, twining his lips with mine. My heated, water slick skin slides against his. Beneath me, Damion's breath hitches as his fingers thread through the damp strands of my white hair.

Gone is the surprised, heated exploration that had fueled our last kiss. All that's left now is desperate wanting. This kiss is all heat. Pure and scorching.

There's a few days worth of scruff along his jawline from the days of hard riding he'd spent to get me here, without taking time to stop for rest or breaks. I scrape my fingers through it as my tongue plays against the seam of his lips enjoying the pained pleasure of the scrape of sharp stubble against my sensitive flushed cheeks and chin.

The slick hot hardness I've tried and failed to ignore earlier, that's now pressed into my lower belly, twitches.

 Any lingering vestiges of my control snap. My legs curl up until my thighs are wrapped around his waist. My center slides across the steely hardness of his straining cock as my fingers drift over the scratchy line of his jaw. My hands continue their exploration up over his skin until they bury into the smooth dark strands of his hair. The steaming heat from the waterfall has it curling along the nape of his neck. It's as soft as I'd imagined it would feel, and I let my self relish the simple luxury of it.

 I tug on the strands as my fingers wind their way through until they bump into the base of the horns near the crown of his head. Curiosity and wanting roll through me in equal measure at the feel of smooth hardness there and I wrap my fingers along them, getting a better feel of them. A rough groan scrapes up his throat. That deep rumbling echoes through his lips and slips past my own and the coiled band of heat inside me tightens.

His strong palm comes up against my cheek and between one ragged breath and the next he's tugging my face back until our lips part, breaking the kiss. He only pulls back far enough that I can still feel his breath against my now swollen lips, pausing only a few inches away, both of us breathing hard. 

When I open my eyes, I find him staring back at me. But instead of seeing his eyes their usual black, the color is now a scorching crimson shade that's nearly overtaken by his blown out pupils. 

Beautiful. He's so fucking beautiful. All I can do is stare at him, dazed.

"If we don't stop now," he says on a ragged breath, "we're going to desecrate the elves sacred pool."

"Might be worth it," I admit breathily back against his lips.

He lets out a choked laugh that sounds almost pained. 

He gently tugs at my legs where they've twined around his waist and I let him. I expect him to flip me around in his arms so my back to being pressed against his front again as it had been before. He doesn't, though. Instead, his muscled arms wrap around my back pressing my soft, rounded chest into his lean muscled one. 

I settle into him, resting my face into the crook of his neck as we continue struggling to catch our breaths.

"Where did everyone go?" I ask, melting further into him, "The elders that were here with us in the tunnel I mean?"

He clears his throat, adjusting his hold on me, "For the elves, re-connecting to the power source is a sacred thing. It leaves the elf vulnerable for a short time, so it's common practice to give those reconnecting space and privacy. They left you alone as a sign of respect."

I tilt my head up, angling so that I can look into the dark depths of his eyes. I can feel a blush heating and tinging my usually pale cheeks a heated shade of pink. "Thank you. For staying with me I mean," I say, "I hope you being here doesn't strain things between your people and the elves too much" 

I'd hate to be the reason behind any bad feelings between his people and their alliance. I remember his words from back in the tunnel when he'd demanded to come with me and beneath the appreciation I feel for what he did, I also feel a twinge of worry for what that might mean for him.

He meets my worried gaze with an unruffled, easy look of his own, "I told you before that I won't leave you. I'd never send you anywhere that I can't follow." He says it so matter-of-factly. Like his words don't send me reeling. Seeing the way that he's following through on the promises that he's made me. Like it doesn't make my throat tighten and send hot fluttery feelings through my stomach up through my chest where my heartbeat stutters over itself. 

"You don't have to worry about the shifter's relationship with the elves," he says, "They've known plenty of volatile shifters throughout their lifetimes, so I don't believe a single demand on my part is going to even faze them."

His eyes flash that beautiful shade of deep gold again and I struggle to remember how to form words. I'm saved from any sort of babbling I would do by the crunch of footsteps picking their way up the cobblestone path. I force my eyes up from where they've been glued to the Shifter King, attempting to pull myself away from where I'm pressed to his chest to something a little more appropriate. Though I realize it's a futile attempt considering I'm completely naked.

A willowy elf woman approaches, and with averted eyes, she holds a pile of fabric clutched in her arms, "I'm afraid it's time to come out for today, Liliana. We don't want to overload your system with too much magic at one time. Elder Aelrie is waiting for you in the preparation area with some fresh clothes."

I drop my eyes back to Damion and find him watching the elf woman with a dark assessing gaze as if searching for any sort of danger or threat she may pose to me. Finally deciding that she's not an immediate threat, his eyes drop down to me and nods encouragingly.

"I won't be far," he says, "I'll wait outside until you're done." 

The elf woman takes a hesitant step toward us, eyes still averted she holds out a bundle of fabric-a towel. She sets the other towel she brought off to the side on a dry-looking boulder.

I drag myself away from the warmth of Damion's body and stand on tender, stiff legs. For once, though, the tug of muscles aches in a *good* way. My muscles hold me easily as I step out of the water and into the waiting towel the elf is holding out for me.

"Thank you," I say, wrapping the soft fabric around me.

"Of course," she smiles, "I'll leave this towel here for you, your majesty," she says to Damion and he murmurs a low thanks to her.

I force myself to keep my eyes forward and not turn back to Damion to watch him emerge from the water behind us like an embarrassingly large part of myself wants to. Instead I snuggle into the warm towel and follow the female elf where she leads me up the path.
###chapter 46
The elf woman leads me up a gravel path through a thickly shrouded grove of trees. We're the only ones here so it doesn't make me feel overly uncomfortable about the fact that I'm moving up the path practically naked except for a flimsy-and now damp-towel. 

We round an ivy covered boulder, moving closer to where the waterfall pours into the aquamarine misting waters. And there, around the bend, another slim elf woman stands waiting for me in the outcropping within the hollowed out tree. 

I immediately recognize her as the female elder from the tunnels. 

*Damion had called her Elder Aelrie*.

Elder Aelrie gives me a serene smile as I approach. I find that the closer I get to her that I have to crane my neck a little to keep my eyes on her face. Now that I'm not being carried and held up by Damion's towering figure, she's much taller than I had first believed she was. She gives me a graceful nod of her head and her long chestnut brown hair glints in the sunlight that filters through the thickly twined tree branches.

 Her wise, wide set almond shaped eyes are the same shade as her hair. I can't decipher the expression on her smooth, ageless face.

"You look like you're feeling much better," she says, and the corner of her pink lips tilt up at the corner in a pleased smile.

"I do feel so much better," I say, matching her smile with a grateful one of my own. I tug the towel closer around me, "It's incredible. I've never felt anything like it," I admit.

She nods thoughtfully, "After surviving being cut off from the source as long as you have, I imagine the rush of energy you're feeling right now is coming as quite the shock."

Her words bring back the jolting revelations I had been brought to in the tunnels and my throat goes uncomfortably tight. The realization that the life I'd been living has a closet full of secrets that I've yet to unpack. I fight back the renewing heat behind my eyes and chew the inside of my cheek in an attempt to clear away the grateful tears that threaten to make a reappearance. 

"I've spent my entire life believing I was sick," I admit, "I had no clue that I had any elven blood. I always thought I was a full-blooded fae. None of the fae healers had any idea of what was wrong with me or why I was different. Why I was always ill. Why I was weak. Why I couldn't connect to the daylight's power like the other Seelie fae can."

She considers my words carefully, a thin line forming between her eyes in her previously smooth skin, "It makes sense that they wouldn't understand what was happening," she says, "Even before the war, elves and fae never mingled or imparted such information with each other. I must admit, though, that I'm still in complete awe at the fact that you were able to survive as long as you did being cut off from any source of an elves' magic and power. You should be proud. It's a truly incredible feat. It's not something many would be strong enough to replicate. The power and determination required to do as much as you have is beyond commendable. "

*Strong. Incredible. Admirable.*

Those have never been words attributed to me before and as she says them out loud, an embarrassed blush heats its way up my neck and into my cheeks.

"Thank you," I say, my throat feeling thick. I swallow roughly to push the unexpected, though not entirely unwelcome, emotions away.

She smiles softly, "I look forward to getting to know you, Liliana."

"You can just call me, Lily."

She nods, "Lily, then." She gestures to a door leading into what appears to be a thick tree trunk behind us. "There's a changing area through there. We weren't sure of your sizes, but we found some robes that look like they should fit you. "

I follow her pointed finger and step carefully into the massive hollowed out tree that has been turned into a dressing room.

"I'll wait out here for you," she says, closing the silky curtain into place that would afford me some privacy while I change.

The clothes she'd mentioned are laid out over a single chair tucked in the corner that stands beside a floor length mirror. The gold-leaf encrusted mirror stands propped up against the smoothed-out siding of the tree and my breath catches at the sight of the person within the glass reflection.

I barely recognize the woman staring back at me.

Her long white hair that hangs down her back and her pale skin no longer appear wan and washed out as it once had but now *glows* instead. There's a healthy color in her cheeks, and a sparkle in her silver eyes. Her thin body no longer looks frail but the way she stands-straighter than she had before-makes her look stronger somehow.

My breath catches in my throat and I stare flabbergasted at my reflection until I can blink myself away from the shock of it all. The robes left out for me are made of a deep green silky fabric that ties along the front. It looks similar to what Elandorr and Aelrie had been wearing in the tunnels, so while I'm not familiar with the style of clothes I know I won't look out of place among the elves.

It's a little big, but the ties in the front help me to adjust it to where it fits me well enough. I comb through my tanlged and still-damp hair with my fingers until it looks somewhat presentable. I twist it into a somewhat smooth braid and step back out of the dressing room where elder Aelrie waits for me.

She gives me a once over with that same assessing gaze I've come to expect from her and she nods in what looks to be approval, "It looks to fit well enough. But I'll look through our supplies again to see if we can find you clothes that fit you a little better length-wise. You'll want to spend a few more sessions in the springs over the next couple of days until your energy levels stabilize."

Hearing her talk about spending more time in the springs reminds me of something I had meant to say to her before, "Thank you again for letting Damion stay with me in the springs. All of this is so new to me-"

A knowing, meaningful smile stretches across her face,"It's alright," she says, "We should have expected him to request access, honestly. It has been many many years since we have had a Bond pairing. I seem to have forgotten how territorial the Shifters in a Bond pair can be."

It takes a moment for her words to sink in and my muscles stiffen with shock. *What did she just say?*

I choke out a breath, "I'm sorry, did you say a *Bond pair*?"
###chapter 47
*"I'm sorry, did you say a Bond pair?"* I ask elder Aelrie.

Her chin tilts, angling to the side as she takes in my shock.

 "Yes, I could sense it between you immediately," she says carefully, "You and the King are most definitely a Bond pair. I'm sorry, I assumed you were aware."

*A Bond pair?*

At the back of my mind, memories of my time in the shifter's library where the elaborate tapestry depicting a shifter and an elf couple hangs flash through my mind.The librarian's words echo in my head.

*"Years ago," the librarian had told me, "it was also discovered that shifters can feel a mate pull beyond other shifters, drawing them to some elves as well. Those pairings were revered because they were said to have a stronger pull toward each other than even Mates and were known to create the most powerful combination of offspring. We call those types of pairings between shifters and elves, 'Bonds'. Bond couplings were said to reap benefits from each other that not even Mates do."*

Remembering those words now brings a new level of gravity to them. They settle over me about as gently as getting run down by a carriage would.

*Damion and me? A shifter and elf bond pair? That can't be right, can it? Was it possible that elder Aelrie was somehow mistaken?*

My heart thumps unsteadily against my ribs so hard it's almost painful.

"You're certain?" I ask her.

She nods, not a shred of uncertainty or doubt in her face, "More than certain. Part of my magic is discerning others' energies and auras. From the moment I saw you and the king in the tunnels I could tell. I could feel that *your* personal energy was faint due to the Fading, but I could also sense the way his energy clings to yours. The way it shielded and protected yours, bolstering it up. It's been many many years since I've seen it, but it was unmistakable. I could see right away that your energies are already mixing."

Her eyes skate over me, "I apologize for springing that information on you. I assumed you were already aware of that fact."

I force myself to blink away the dazed shock that has my breath catching in my throat. I clench my hands into balls at my sides to stop their shaking, "It's okay, I'm glad you told me."

Was it possible that Damion knows all of this? And if he does, how *long* has he known? More importantly, if he knows why didn't he tell me?

Is there a chance that he doesn't want to be bonded to me? Is it possible that he's hoping that if I didn't know we were a bond pair that we wouldn't have to commit to anything? We did kissbut he's always stopped it from going any further than that. 

Uncertainty and unease trickle through me making my stomach turn over in a sickening swoop. I need to talk to Damion before my imagination runs away from me completely.

Elder Aelrie puts a hand on my shoulder and gently squeezes, a comforting gesture that pulls me back to the present, and I tilt my face back up toward her to meet her warm brown eyes. She hesitates a moment then says, "Growing up among the fae the way that you did, I imagine that you don't have a lot of knowledge about bonded pairings between shifters and elves. But it's not something you need to be anxious about. The bond is something revered among our kind. The connection between you will be celebrated amongst both of our people."

For some reason the thought of that makes me panic even more. 

So many people would be watching us with expectations I wasn't even aware of. Watching and waiting and demanding things from me that I didn't even know I could deliver. What had felt easy between Damion and me so far now felt infinitely more complicated.

I'd spent my entire life trying and failing to meet the expectations of my father and the Seelie court. The idea of now failing Damion's people-of failing *Damion* after everything he's done for me

I wasn't even sure if this-this bond- was something that I want. It was all too new. It was too much.

Aelrie gives my shoulder one last squeeze before letting her hand fall back to her side, and her lips thin into something resembling a grimace, "I'm afraid I've probably already said too much. I think this is something that you and the King need to discuss together. But I want you to know that you can always come to me with any questions you may have about bonded pairings. While I don't have any personal experience in the matter, I do know a thing or two about it from our records. You're welcome to come and find me any time."

I swallow hard, my bare feet shuffling on the soft soil. I twist the edge of my robe's sleeve between my fingers, "Thank you, elder Aelrie. With everything that's happened, I know I'm going to have a lot to sort through and figure out."

I haven't even had a moment to come to grips with the fact that my parents aren't who I had believed them to be my entire life. And it was only a few weeks ago that I realized how lacking my knowledge is where it comes to elves and even shifters for that matter. Once the shock faded, I was sure I'd have too many questions to even consider.

"Everything will work itself out, Lily," she says kindly, her serene voice calming my apprehensiveness, "There is a lot, but just take on one thing at a time-one day at a time-and it won't be as overwhelming. And you have many many people who are here for you wanting to help. You're not alone."

I let out a heavy breath I hadn't even realized I'd been holding.

One thing at time. One question at a time. *One answer at a time*. That's how I would get through this. 

And I knew where I need to start.

Squaring my shoulders, I brace myself for what I know I need to do next.

"Do you know where I can find Damion?" I ask her.
###chapter 48
I find Damion's distant shadowed profile exactly where elder Aelrie had told me I would. I walk slowly up the short walkway from the dressing rooms to the narrow wooden bridge I had seen in passing earlier. The skirts of my silk elven robes brush and glide across my bare legs as I pick my way across the wooded winding trail. The path transitions from packed dirt to smoothly worn wooden steps beneath my bare feet.

Damion's back is turned toward me when I step onto the bridge. He stands alone, staring off into the river of water I can hear roaring and tumbling its way under the bridge. Even from this distance I can see that he's in a clean pair of black riding leathers and they cling to his muscular form in a way that has my stomach flipping and my heart stuttering in my chest. 

At the quiet sound of my feet brushing against the wooden boards of the bridge, he turns to face me.

The simple sight of him takes my breath away.

His raven hair is damp from our time in the springs together. I fight down a blush as the memories of the way that dark hair had felt gliding between my fingers as my lips had tangled with his only a short time ago. He looks tired, grey circles darken the pale skin beneath his eyes reminding me of how many sleepless nights he had ridden in order to get me here. 

To get me help. To keep me safe.

His black eyes flash a deep shade of gold as his gaze settles on me, and the sharp lines of his face soften around the edges.

Suddenly, all the things I had been worried about-all the unknowns and the questions that had felt so daunting on my walk over here fade away to black. All my anxiety evaporates and a warmth spreads through me taking its place. 

Without making the conscious decision, I cross the space between us, making my way across the bridge toward him before I realize I had even taken the first step. Drawn to him like a moth to the light.

"There you are," he says, lip tilting up in the corner in a tired smile, "I was about to go hunt you down."

"You think you could?" I ask, shooting him a playful smile. The lightness I feel at the mere sight of him making me almost giddy. 

I slow my steps, pausing as I near him. I settle into the space beside him on the narrow walkway of the bridge and lean against the railing beside him. I stand close enough to touch him if I lean a little in his direction, but I force myself not to. Instead, I hold to that sliver of distance no matter how desperately I may want to close it.

 "I'm feeling a lot stronger than I did before,"  I smirk up at him, teasingly, "I may be able to outrun you now."

His amused smile widens, "Oh, I could catch you, darling. There's nowhere you could go that I wouldn't find you. Though you're welcome to test it if you'd like. I'd enjoy the chase."

Heat scorches through me, down my spine and low into my stomach.

I'd probably enjoy it too, honestly. Too much, if my racing heart rate is any indication.

Any tension I had been feeling before is replaced with an entirely new sort of tension. A tension that threatens to bowl me over from the force of it if I let it. As if sensing the sudden shift in my mood, Damion's chin tilts in my direction dark eyes roaming over me.

"The elfin style suits you," he says gesturing down at the flowing robes that I'd been given with a hint of a smile. His gaze lingers on my bare feet and his eyes flash yellow again. Amused.

I snort, rolling my eyes, "Thank you."

That smile stretches to a grin, "How are you feeling?" 

"Better," I say, "A *lot* better actually. I feel good for the first time in-I don't even know how long, honestly."

A trickle of a breeze blows past my face and I let it calm me as I breathe in the scent of simmering life all around me. The world feels calmer and clearer than it ever has. Colors brighter, smells stronger. 

"You had me worried there for a while," he admits, tugging a tired hand through his dark hair, ruffling the already messy strands. I have to fight the urge to reach up and smooth them for him, clenching my fingers into the wooden railing to keep from closing that small gap of space between us.

It's like now that my energy is flowing through me more easily-able to do more than struggle to keep my body going-it wants to go to *him*. Its focus has gone from working to simply keep me functioning to now wanting to shift away from me entirely and zero completely in on Damion. Every part of me feels an unearthly tug toward him-like he's the sun and every second that passes I'm getting pulled further and further into his orbit.

Elder Aelrie's words whisper in the back of my mind again-like they have been since the moment she said them to me.

*Soul-Bonded.*

The need to know hits me again and I chew on the inside of my cheek, letting my weight settle into the bridge's wooden railing. 

*This is it, no turning back now*. 

I take a deep, steadying breath and force out my next words.

"Elder Aelrie told me something," I hesitate, clearing my throat. Unable to meet his eyes, I look out over the side of the bridge and watch the flowing river passing beneath our feet. "About us."

I feel rather than see him stiffen beside me. From my peripheral I see how his hands grip the railing in front of us.

"And what did she say?" He says, voice preternaturally calm.

"She said that she can read people's energy. And that when she first saw us she noticed that our energies are blending," I admit quietly, "She says that you and I are *connected*."

"Lily-" he starts.

But I have to get the question out before I lose my nerve. I keep going and say, "Did you know?About the connection between us? About the possibility of us being"

"Soul Bonded?" He finishes for me. 

"Yes," I nod, "Did you know?"
###chapter 49
"Did you know?" I ask him, "That we're a bonded pair?"

I still can't force myself to turn back toward him-to face whatever expressions are flashing across his expression. But from the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of his movements as he settles more fully beside me. His chest rising and falling as he takes a deep steadying breath and lets it out heavily.

"No," he says, slowly, pulling his hand through his hair, "I didn't know. Not completely anyway. I had begun to suspect, but I wasn't sure until the moment I felt your energies shift in the springs."

Confusion rolls through me, and I feel my eyebrows draw together as I finally find the strength to peek over at him up through my lashes, "What do you mean?" 

 "When your energies were dulled before," he explains, "Your magical signatureyour scentthey were all so tangled up and faint that I was barely picking them up. But it was when your magic and strength were being healed in the waterAll of the sudden, I just *knew*. I felt it. Our connection-the Bond between us- was so strong it was like getting punched in the gut. Like I was being shot through with lightning. The pull I felt for you before multiplied exponentially until it became undeniable. And I imagine the draw to you will only continue to get stronger as you spend more time regaining your energy."

His words have my heart pounding painfully against my ribcage, and my mouth goes dry at his admission. That he feels that strong of a draw towards me. That he felt something even *before* our journey here, "You didn't say anything," I whisper.

With warm callused fingers he reaches out to grasp my chin, tugging gently until I'm forced to look up into his gorgeous face, my gaze collides with his, "This is all new for me too, Lily. I don't know the first thing about BondsI didn't even think being bonded-or even mated for that matter- was even a remote *possibility* for me."

"Why wouldn't it be possible?" I ask, softly.

"How much do you know about what I am? About Berserkers?"

"Not very much," I admit, gripping onto the bridge railing, gliding it between my fingers as I glance back down at the river crashing below us. "I know that it means you have two forms you can change into."

He nods, hesitating for a moment as if considering how much to explain, "You're right, I have two other forms," he finally says, "And for shifters to find a mate, it becomes more difficult the more forms a shifter holds. With humans or fae, finding a partner is as simple as finding someone you connect to on a single level. With shifters we need to find someone who we can connect with on a human level, but also who our beast form connects with as well. For me, I always knew I would need to find someone who both of my beast forms are drawn to. And my berserker form is about as open and friendly to other people as you'd probably expect"

Despite the seriousness of his what he's saying, a smile tugs at my lips, "I take it your Berserker form is not very personable?" 

A quiet laugh rumbles in his chest, "Not personable *at all*. He's a downright vicious and bloodthirsty bastard. Most of the time my berserker barely tolerates the presence of others. For the majority of my life, it was a struggle getting it to go around anyone without snarling at people," he says with a glance down at me, "And yet, from the moment I stood in the same room as you, my berserker has been obsessed with you. From the first second it caught your sent then laid eyes on you. Enough so that it's a struggle to keep it contained and stay in a single form sometimes," he admits.

His words makes warmth heat at the center of my chest and butterflies to flicker in my stomach. I never would have guessed he was feeling that way-that he was fighting against himself to keep a healthy distance from me. Knowing that he's been fighting against a draw and attraction to me the same way I've been fighting against what I've been feeling towards him makes me feel a little more secure while also making me feel untethered at the same time. 

"Is that why your eyes change color?" I ask him hesitantly.

He nods, "A Berserker's eyes change with their emotions. I've never had trouble controlling the change in them like I have been recently. But from the moment you came into my life I haven't been able to keep my emotions in check."

A blush heats my cheeks at his admission. It confirms what Xavier and Arden had told me in my rooms when they had explained Damion's changing eyes.

*"We were just surprised that the Commander's eyes changed in front of you is all," they had said that day in my room, "The Commander's eyes don't usually change muchThe color usually stay black because he's always so in control of his emotions. That's why we were a little shocked that you've seen the color shift so much."*

What they had told me went along with what Damion was telling me now. About the struggle he had keeping his Berserker form in check.

Damion continues, watching the reactions playing across my face carefully, "So while the idea that we're Bonded was a bit of a surprise to me, there was also a part of me that wasn't surprised at all considering my Berserker form never wants to leave your side."

I chew on the inside of my cheek, considering what he had just explained to me. I turn my gaze back down to the river as I think.

After my conversation with Aelrie, I'd been worried that he knew about our connection but hadn't told me because he didn't want to be with me. I'd been worried that he didn't want to be Bonded to someone fragile and magicless like me. 

But hearing the truthhearing that he hadn't thought being Bonded was even a possibility for him. That he had been fighting his attraction to me- or the draw from his berserker form anyway- while not understanding the implications of it sends a wave of exhilaration weaving through me.

"Does that scare you?" Damion asks, breaking the calm quiet between us. And when I look back up at him, I see that there's a shade of deep purple swirling in the depths of his dark eyes. 

I shake my head, surprised that *that* was what he had assumed my reaction would be,  "I'm not scared," I hurry to assure him, "not at all actually. I'm just trying to absorb everything, trying to figure out what all this means for us. I-"

My next words are cut off by the low sound of voices and approaching footsteps. The unexpected noise pulls me back to the fact that we're still standing in the middle of a bridge. That we're not in fact in our own private little world like my beating heart wants to believe. Rather, we're standing where any one can stumble across us at any moment, or overhear our conversation if they wander too close. 

I'm not ready for our conversation to end, though. And I don't think Damion is either because he puts a hand on my lower back, murmuring low in my ear, "Come this way, let's go somewhere a little more private-"

I nod, leaning into his touch as he guides me off the bridge heading in the opposite direction of the voices.
###chapter 50
The sun is beginning its' decent down behind the trees as Damion guides me up the path from the bridge.

In spite of my curiosity over the elves' city and what the notorious Elfhame looks like, I find that I barely notice the buildings or the people we pass as we make our way through the winding streets. My mind is still reeling over everything Damion had just admitted to me on the bridge and my heart is thumping so wildly in my chest I fear that it's going to dive out of my skin.

I don't even ask where we're going, finding that I trust Damion implicitly as he guides me up the unfamiliar paths. After a few turns he leads us into the side entrance of a building, carved into the cliffside-reminiscent of the shifter's castle carved through the mountain.

The hallway he guides me into is dim, lit only by flickering silver lights embedded into the walls that I assume is some sort of elven magic. He pulls out a key from his back pocket and inserts it into the lock of the smooth arched doorway. When the door swings open, he holds it open for me, gesturing for me to go through ahead of him into the small, darkened room.

The small bedroom is nice, but is very obviously a room for temporary guests with no personal touches or artwork on the walls.

"Is this the room where you're staying?" I ask, curiously, turning back to him to watch as he taps a few crystal lights on the walls. They light up instantly as he brushes against them, bringing the previously darkened space into focus.

He nods as he continues lighting the glass lights around the room, "Elder Elandorr stopped by to give me the keys while I was waiting along the bridge. I was told that you, Xavier, and Arden have rooms nearby as well." 

I look around as the space is lit up finding that the room is done up in earthy tones-deep greens, and browns, and shades of grey. There's a pool of water in the corner of the room that appears to be for bathing, and an arched doorway in the corner that looks to lead to a small sitting area. I wander over to the window in the corner, pulling the dark curtain back to get a peek outside.

The view out the window shows an attached garden that looks beautifully maintained and I feel the urge to go out and get a closer look at the rows of gorgeous blooming greenery at some point. 

Damion comes up to stand behind me, peering out into the sunsetting through the treetops as well.

"I'll take you exploring through the gardens tomorrow," he promises with a smile in his voice.

I turn to look at him over my shoulder, facing him with a surprised laugh slipping past my lips, as I say, "How did you know that's what I was thinking?"

His eyes flash with the deep, bright shade of yellow that tells me he's amused, "I *have* picked up a few things about you in our weeks together."

I suppose that was true. He really had picked up a few things about me the same way I had picked up a few things about him. Like the way he knew what to put in my room he had made up for me in order to make me more comfortable. The same way I knew he'd do just about anything to protect the people who rely on him. That despite the rumors flowing about how monstrous and cruel he is, I've come to know that he's only monstrous to those who prove to be a threat to those he cares about.

 We aren''t strangers anymore. Not at all. And remembering that fact eases away whatever tension I had been feeling before.

"What happens now?" I ask him, feeling that same heated flutter in my stomach as I peer up into the sharp angles of his beautiful face.

His dark eyes flicker over me, taking stock of every emotion that passes through my eyes, the same way I'm studying the changes in his.

"Whatever we want to happen," he tells me with a calm confidence that steadies my own nerves, "I'm sorry that you had to find out about our Bond from Aelrie rather than from me. I didn't want to push what I was feeling on you, or push the Bond on you when you're already processing so much. The last thing I want you to feel is trapped into anything."

I nod, chewing worriedly on the inside of my bottom lip. I want to tell him that I don't feel trapped, but that *had* been something I had been worried about when I'd learned about the connection between us. I had been anxious about all of the expectations surrounding Bonds. About the expectations from  both the elves *and* the shifters. Worried that we'd be pushed into something without any say in the matter.

"I don't want you to feel trapped into anything either," I say, "It's not exactly something you were expecting either."

The thick black slashes of his eyebrows come together, his expression suddenly turning more serious than I'd ever seen it, "It may not be something I'd ever expected for myself, Lily, but that doesn't keep me from wanting it any less. Wanting *you* any less. The last thing I want is for you to think that because it was unexpected that I don't want what's happening between us now."

There's a low growl in his voice, the intensity of his dark gaze overwhelming, "Before the bond ever snapped into place-before there was any reason to it-I felt drawn to you in a way that I've never felt before. So I don't want you to think or worry that I feel trapped in any way. You make me feel things I never even knew were possible."

His words make me feel light headed, like I'm floating outside of my body. 

*He *wants* to be bonded to me.* He felt something for me before he even knew the extent of the connection between us. That knowledge makes my heart pound like a wild drum, the rapid beats reverberating through my chest as adrenaline surges through my veins, fueling my anticipation. A thrill of relief simmers through me, mixing with a crackling electricity- the atmosphere buzzing with anticipation of what was to come infusing the small space between our bodies.

This monstrous, terrifying king who captured me *wants* me the way that I want him. Not out of guilt or any feeling of responsibility on his part, but because of *me*. He wanted me before he even had a reason to.

All I can do is blink up at him, eyes widening with my shock. And as the moment drags out, I see a hint of purple swirl in his eyes. *Worry*. He's worried about me.

"I didn't tell you all of that so you feel any obligations or feel trapped." He says again, "I just want you to know that you don't have to worry that I'm going anywhere. We'll go at your pace while you figure out what you want. We have all the time in the world-there's no rush or expectations from me. We can figure out the bond after you've had time to figure everything else out-"

*He thinks I feel trapped*, I realize. The same way I was worried that he did. *Do I feel trapped?* No, I realize, I don't. When I focus in on the emotions rolling through me,  the *last* thing I feel is trapped. I don't know the extent of everything that it means to be bonded to someone, but what I do know is that I want *him*. 

I've lived the majority of my life on the outside looking in, an outsider. But the male in front of me makes me feel like anything *but* an outsider. He brought me into his world and wasted no time in making me the center of it. He travelled with me to the elves in order to have me healed even with all of his other responsibilities. He had put me and my needs first. Even before the bond had settled into place, I had been his first stop when the earth storm had been wrecking havoc on his castle. I'd been the person he'd protected.

He'd saved me over and over again. *Because he wants me in his life*.

And if I'm being honest with myself, I want him too.

I'm feeling too overwhelmed to find words for any of what I was feeling, though. Too engulfed by my emotions. So I do the one thing that doesn't require any words or explanation.

I lean up toward him, rising up onto the tips of my toes and kiss him.
###chapter 51
I lean up my toes and his lips crash into mine in a heated desperate kiss. I gasp as his tongue parts the seam of my lips and I stumble at the sudden intensity of his taste in my mouth. It's addictive and overpowering and purely *him*. His tongue strokes mine, and one of his hands lands on my hip as he steps closer, pressing against me as he deepens the kiss with me.

My fingers lift to the rough fabric of his shirt and dig into him with my nails as he starts to walk me backward without pulling away. The heels of my feet stumble into the wall behind me and my back follows until I'm pressed firmly between both it and Damion.

Every inch of me is hot as my heart pumps hard in my chest, my hands sliding further up his neck as I hang onto him desperately, pulling him even closer to me. One of my legs lifts up to hook around his waist and he lifts me higher until both of my thighs wrap around his hips. I groan into his mouth when his erection meets my core, hitting me perfectly.

"Fuck, you taste incredible," he growls against me, releasing my mouth long enough to drag his lips and tongue down the sensitive column of my throat. He leaves a trail of heat in his wake. I struggle for air, clinging to the strong line of his shoulders as he makes me feel things I've only ever dreamed of before.

The back of my head hits the wall as he sucks lightly on the skin above the curve of my breast that's peeking out above the line of my robes, making me desperate for even more. He shifts to the side just a little, still holding me up against him easily and his hand finds the apex of my thighs. I gasp at the contact, and he captures my lips again as he slowly strokes my clit. 

His fingers are strong, the callouses from hours of training and fighting rougher than what I'd expected or was used to. But his touch, his every movement against my sensitive flesh is so damned perfect at it that it takes my breath away.

My hips rock and swivel desperately against those magical fingers as he works me slowly through my undergarment, dragging me closer and closer to the edge. His mouth is a hot brand on mine and he swallows every sound I make. 

My fingers bury in his hair, gripping the strands and the warm smooth curve of his horns to anchor myself as he brings me even closer to my climax. And finally it all becomes too much.

I shatter.

The pleasure hits harder than I've ever experienced before and lasts longer too. 

His mouth stays on mine as his fingers drag every bit of bliss out for me as I come down from my high. His touch is soft but confident as the tips of his fingers continue to circle the fabric there that's now soaked with my pleasure.

"Good girl. You're doing so well for me," He growls into my mouth and his words make my toes curl, and heat swell in my abdomen. He recaptures my lips then, but I ease them away from him so I can tug his shirt over his head. He lets me, helping me to get the material off of him. As the dark fabric of his shirt drops to the ground and reveals his perfect form, my mouth goes dry. I've seen his naked chest before-in fact it couldn't have been more than an hour since the last time I saw it- and yet that doesn't stop me from studying his body with thinly-veiled desire.

It's like my eyes have a mind of their own and dip lower to trace the hard lines of muscle again. Of their own accord they follow the hypnotizing array of dark lines and carve their way into the sharp contrast of shadows where they dip into his body. 

I'm surrounded on all sides by the wild, frantic beating of his heart that matches my own frantic pulse against me and his piney scent envelopes me. I greedily drink in the sight of him, eyes skim over the familiar swirling lines of black tattoos that curl over nearly every inch of his chest. I suddenly forget how to breathe again.

The man is a masterpiece.

Still plastered between his chest and the wall, he grips my thighs tighter between his large hands. He lifts me up and holds me closer as he strides across the room to splay me out across his bed. His mouth recaptures mine and I part my lips for him without waiting for a nudge and his tongue strokes mine.

All thoughts disappear from my mind as he kisses me slowly and intimately, as if there's nothing else in the world he would rather be doing. My thighs are still wrapped around his waist, the hardness of his cock straining against his riding pants and I rock against him, body starting to move again as I roll my hips against his erection. The hardness of his hard length hits me perfectly, dragging me closer to the edge, making him growl against my mouth.

His grip on my body grows rougher, his hands on my ass tightening as he helps me move against him. His mouth is still on mine, swallowing my cries as I lose control once more. I come down from the high panting, and he releases my lips to let me catch my breath.

The warmth of his mouth brushes against my ear, "You're so damned gorgeous, Lily."

I'm too dazed by the double hit of pleasure to respond. My lips feel as if they're going to be swollen for hours after all the kissing, yet I'm already wondering how I can get his mouth on mine again. My body is blissfully warm, and yet I'm already aching for more.

I stroke my hands down the tight lines of his perfect body, the smoothness of his chest, and his lips crash down on mine again. My fingers slide into his hair, tangling in the thick, soft strands.

"I've been dreaming about tasting you from the moment I laid eyes on you," he growls, the broad expanse of his body shifting further down the bed, tugging on my hips until they reach the edge, "Can I?"

I can't think of anything I want more, so I glance down at him and nod, unsure if my voice will even work after the intensity of the pleasure he's already wrung out of me.

"I need to hear you say it, darling."

"*Please*," I finally manage to get out on a ragged breath, "Don't even think about stopping."

"Thank the gods," he growls, as he settles between my thighs, lifting back the edge of silky material of my robes.
###chapter 52
His gaze is scorching hot as he takes in every inch of me. Any fear I would have had about him seeing me bare is gone thanks to those moments we already shared naked in the springs together. When he'd seen my glowing skin and told me how beautiful he thought it was.

"Gods, you're absolutely drenched for me. Fuck, I can't wait to have my tongue on you. Spread your legs wider for me, darling."

My abdomen is tight with desire as I do just that, watching as the heated burgundy of his gaze goes even hotter. His hands slide up the inner skin of my thighs making me fight to keep my hips from jerking. My entire body clenches in response to the sight of his face above my core. His eyes are still locked with mine.

"Fuck you're beautiful." He says, his voice a ragged growl. I can't take my eyes from his gorgeous, massive man. "You have no idea how badly I've wanted to touch you all these weeks. To run my tongue over every last inch of you."

He lowers his lips to my core and lightly drags the tip of his tongue over my clit. I barely manage to keep from screaming out at the intensity of the sensation of the hot slick slide of him over that sensitive bud of nerves.

"Holy gods.You taste so fucking good," he growls deep in his chest, "so much better than I ever could have imagined."

A cry out as he slowly continues to work me, in no hurry to pick up the pace.

My hips start to buck and my grip in his hair grows tighter. It takes every ounce of my effort to keep myself from screaming as he makes love to me with his mouth, dragging me back to the edge of my pleasure with far too much ease. His hand lands on my hips and holds me I place when my motions grow too desperate, and the heat of his grip is too much.

I shatter again, biting my cheek so hard that it bleeds as the pleasure cuts through me so forcefully. He doesn't pull away from my core or even slow down, the strokes of his tongue still steady on my clit. Lapping me up with a groaning growl that echoes deep in his chest.

He's wrung so much pleasure out of me, the intensity wringing moisture from my eyes and they drip down my sides of my cheeks. I'm not sure I can keep going, my body drained and exhausted in the best way possible. Waves of aftershocks still rolling through me from the last powerful release he gave me, my body still overly sensitive from the waves of bliss.

He's still going though, his hot tongue stroking over me in lazy strokes, tasting the pleasure now dripping down me, his eyes riveted on every emotion drawn out on my face.

I start to tell him as much, "I don't know if I can handle-*oh*," I'm cut off when the tip of one of his thick hot fingers presses into my seam, stretching me. I gasp and moan, as that finger continues working me, stretching me, dipping even deeper as he sucks my clit into his mouth. It's enough to drive me to insanity. It's so much more intense than anything I've done or felt before.

The feel of him pressing into my wet center is smooth and rough and so insanely hot I don't think I can take any more. He glides the tip of his finger at my entrance as he sucks at my clit before finally dipping all the way inside my channel. 

Any lingering thoughts and sounds die with the feel of my body tightening and clenching around him.

He swears as his finger bottoms out, a strangled breath roughly passing through his lips, "You're so fucking tight, Lily. I can't wait to feel you around my cock."

 I don't think it can possibly get any more intense, and then it somehow does when he adds a second finger. He slides them in and out, a delicious friction building as he stretches me, sliding impossibly deeper. And it's over impossibly fast after that. 

I cry out with my release, making sounds I never even knew I was capable of. My body tightening with waves of pleasure around his fingers. His words-the thought of his thick cock inside me and what it will feel like when it finally does makes the pleasure drag on and on and on.

As I finally come down from my high, Damion drags his tongue and finger through the slickness of my release and over my clit one last time before he pulls from me, leaving me feel impossibly empty. He lifts those thick fingers to his lips. I can't take my eyes off him as with dark, wicked eyes, he sucks his fingers clean.

The sight sends another pulse of pleasure through my already blissfully sore core. I'm so wet between my thighs, I can feel the intensity of my pleasure rolling down between my legs. All I can do is lay there, basking in the impossibility of how incredible I feel. How insanely good that was. How wrung out and blissfully pliable every inch of my body feels as I revel in the aftershocks sparking in my veins.

Holy shit. 

What *was* that?

I never knew I could feel like this.

I'd had sex with one other person years ago-and while I had enjoyed it at the time, it hadn't even remotely compared to whatever *that* just was. And we hadn't even gotten to his cock yet. I can't imagine how much better that will be when we do

I'm struggling to catch my breath as Damion pulls himself up from where he's been kneeling at the foot of the bed. His eyes raking over me, the scarlet in his eyes almost completely flooded over by the dark depths of his blown out pupils.

"You spread out across my bed is the most stunning sight I've ever seen," he growls, voice thick as he leans over me, bringing his lips to mine for one last lingering kiss. I savor the taste of him on my tongue before he pulls back so I can catch my breath.

I trace my fingers lightly over my face, struck by his sharp overwhelming beauty of him again. 

"That was-" I start, breathlessly, but can't find the right words to describe how intense it had been. How perfect.

"It was." He nods, smiling down at me, staring at me like I'm something precious. No one's ever looked at me like that before and it makes my heart feel like its swelling to impossible sizes in my chest. 

And then.my stomach clenches in a quiet growl.

I want to tell my stomach to shut up. To let me finish enjoying this moment with Damion, but it's already too late. Because Damion heard.

He tenses.

His entire body tightens above mine, as he swears, "I can't believe I forgot to feed you. You've barely eaten anything in *days*. You're probably starving."

I *am* pretty hungry, but it's the last thing on my mind right now as I drag my eyes and fingers down his sculpted torso tracing the lines and indentations there, "I'm fine, don't worry-"

He catches my hand, pulling my fingers to his lips in a scorching kiss before releasing it as he leans up from where he's been stretched over me, "Let's get you something to eat."

I blink up at him, scowling, "But we haven't even gotten to *you*, yet," I protest, stroking a hand down the front of his trousers, feeling the straining erection twitch in response to my touch.

His face twists into a glower, "If you think I could do anything more before I know you're taken care of, then you're in for a bit of a surprise, princess."

"Damion-" I start again in protest.

He leans forward to grab my hand, helping me to a sitting position on his bed with a gentle tug of his hand, "Don't worry," he says in a low voice that I feel reverberating all the way down to my core, "We have all night to get to everything else."

*All night*. 

I really, really like the sound of that.
###chapter 53
After quickly cleaning up in the pool of water at the edge of his room, Damion leads me out of the door, locking up behind us with the heavy looking key he'd used before. As he leads me down the winding hallways and outside into the dusky streets, I notice a lot more details about the elfin city than I had the first time we hurried through here.

I take in the sights around us as, hand in hand with Damion as takes the lead, guiding me down the winding roads. We pass a few elves as we walk and they seem to recognize Damion-or at least know who he is-because they tilt their heads respectfully at him as we pass.

It doesn't take us long to find the dining hall. It reminds me a little of the dining hall in the shifter's castle. There aren't many people there, but a happy smile breaks across my face at the sight of two familiar figures crouching over plates of food at the table at the far side of the room.

I tug Damion's hand, taking the lead in dragging him over to where our guards sit picking at plates of food.

"You're back!" Arden exclaims loudly the second she sees us. She pushes up to standing and marches the distance between and drags me into a hug, making me laugh.

Xavier stands up, looking like he's about to do the same, but quickly changes his mind at the sight of Damion's scowling, warning glare that he levels his way. 

"What-" I glance between the two of them, surprised by the sudden show of tension, but cut myself off at the sound of Arden's quiet laughter.

"Don't worry about them," She chuckles a whisper into my ear, leading me to a seat at the table, "It's par for the course for shifters. His Majesty is just staking his claim on you, letting all the males in the room know that any move toward you is a direct act against him now."

The dark possession I see flashing in Damion's eyes shouldn't turn me as much as it does, but it sends a tingling warmth shooting through me.

Arden pulls out a chair for me and Damion follows close behind me as I step over to the waiting seat, the warm weight of his hand still pressed into my lower back. When I'm settled, he leans down to murmur in my ear, "Wait here and I'll bring you a plate. I'll be quick." He dips closer, pressing a quick warm kiss to my temple and with a gentle parting squeeze to my hip he leaves, striding his way across the room with long powerful footsteps.

Xavier lets out a heavy breath and Arden laughs low under her breath at Xavier's expense as Damion disappears from sight.

"I've never been more glad in my life to have not been born a male," Arden laughs as she settles back into her chair, picking a fork around a bowl of chopped fruit.

At my questioning gaze she chuckles again, "Any male that comes within a ten foot radius of you better prepare to see their life flash before his eyes."

"She's not wrong," Xavier admits, wiping away the beads of sweat now glistening there, his face unnaturally pale, "that was fucking intense."

"What are you two talking about?"  I ask, glancing between the pair of shifters seated across the table from me, "What was that all about just now?"

"The Commander has it bad for you, that's all," Arden says with a grin, chewing on another bite of food, "Shifters have a sixth sense of sorts. Our shifter forms can sense some warning commands from other shifters. And let's just say that His Majesty was just sending out some pretty threatening warnings out just now."

"The *dare to look at her wrong and you'll pray for death* sort of warnings," Xavier clarifies in a grumble around a mouthful of food,"We should probably send out a warning for the other shifters to expect it before we return so there's no surprises."

I don't get a chance to ask anything else because Damion is already prowling his way back across the dining area, two plates of food in his hands. I'm struck again by the gracefully lethality in which his body moves. I can't stop the way my stomach clenches at the reminder of what that gorgeously muscled body had done to my own not too long ago.

He places an overflowing plate of food down in front of me and I gape at the sheer amount he had managed to pile onto it. 

"Thank you," I smile brightly up at him and his eyes flash that beautiful shade of yellow that tells me he's pleased as he settles into the seat next to me, a somewhat less full plate in front of him.

He gives my thigh a gentle squeeze under the table that has a spear of warmth simmering through me. He waits to make sure I've taken a bite and that I've started chewing before he relaxes enough to bother with his own food. Like he can't settle until he's seen that I'm taken care of. 

I scarf down an ungodly amount of food, and am uncomfortably stuffed before I've even managed to make a dent in the mountain on my plate.

Just as we're finishing up, our table is approached by a tall elven man with shimmering golden hair that reaches his shoulders. He clears his throat primly, as he stops a good distance away from our group, tilting his head respectfully toward Damion.

"Excuse me, King Lothbrook, I apologize for interrupting your meal, but there's a messenger camped out at the gates for you. He tells us that he's one of your men. He's asked me to give you this and to let you know that he's waiting at the gates for a response."

Damion takes the scroll of parchment that the elven male offers to him, with a low thanks. He unrolls the parchment in his hands and a tension slowly overtakes his shoulders as his eyes skim over the words. The rest of our group anxiously wait to hear what it says. What one of the shifters would have travelled all this way to inform him.

With efficient motions and a calculating look in his dark eyes, he rolls the scroll back up. His jaw is tight as he explains in a low voice, "There was an attack on our southern borders."

I suck in a quiet breath as Xavier and Arden go impossibly still.

"An attack from who?" Xavier asks, leaning forward across the table.

"A group of Unseelie," Damion answers, his eyes flickering down toward me before refocusing back on Xavier, "And from this report, it doesn't seem like it's going to be the last attack we'll receive from them either."
###chapter 54
"How long until you have to leave?" I ask Damion, my throat tight with worry.

Tonight. I know he needs to leave tonight, but I can't seem to wrap my head around it.

 On our walk back to his room together, Damion had explained that the group of shifters who had been attacked reportedly took down the group of Unseelie soldiers quickly and without shifter casualties. *Thankfully*. The last thing I want is for any of the shifters to die because I ran out on my agreed upon wedding with the Unseelie Prince. 

According to the report he had been given, another larger group of Unseelie had been spotted approaching the eastern side of the shifter's borders as well. Only a few days ride from their borders. For a group that large, they weren't far at all. The shifters wouldn't lead a retaliating attack against the Unseelie without instruction from their commanding King.

"They're expecting another attack any day now," Damion says, a ruminative expression on his face as he works his way around his room to gather his riding bag. Regret flashes in his dark eyes for a moment when he looks my way, "I need to be there to strategize with my generals about the best course of action in response to their initial attack."  

Before we left the dining area, Damion had sent Xavier and Arden ahead to meet up with the shifter messenger that was waiting outside the gates for the King's response. That he would be up there to return with the guard to their borders after he grabbed his things.

I watch as he does one last sweep of his room for anything he may have forgotten as he puts together his rucksack from the long ride here. We haven't been in Elfhame long enough for Damion to have had time to unpack much, so he makes quick work of it. He manages to get everything back in its place in one efficient sweep of his room.

In spite my best efforts to remain calm through all this, fear slices through me at the thought of being separated from him. Somehow, against my better judgement, I've been associating the feeling of safety to being with *him* -with this dark and brooding shifter king - for long enough that the idea of being apart makes my world feel like its suddenly tilting on its axis.

I push down my distress and force myself to ask the question that's been haunting me since Damion had read the contents of that letter, "The Unseelie are attacking you because of me, aren't they?" I ask him in a low voice.

He freezes where he's throwing a stack of maps back into his leather sack, to turn and face me, "It's possible that they've discovered that their men disappeared on our lands, but even if they did, it would only be one of many reasons for them to attack our borders."

He takes a steady, assured step toward me and brings his warm hand to cup my chin. He tugs up gently until my gaze clashes with his, "These attacks aren't your fault, Lily. We've dealt with countless strikes against our people from them before. Always over petty things. They look for any reason to launch attacks against us."

"If anything happens to you because of me-" I start, my voice comes out strained with my anxiety. My worry over him making nausea burn through me.

Moving his large hands so they rest on my shoulders, he bends down to better meet my eye. His dark gaze is something that even churning with worry the way I am, they make my heart stutter in my chest. The sharp lines of his face turn serious, earnest, "Lily, I promise you that these attacks aren't your fault. *None* of it is your fault. The last thing I want you to do is worry about me while I'm gone. The only thing I want you focused on is re-gaining your strength and getting healthy." 

He reaches up to stroke his thumb across my cheek, his long callused finger gentle, as if I'm something precious,"The Unseelie armies are untrained and clumsy-always relying on brute strength rather than skill. You saw how easily we were able to dispatch them that day on our borders. It will be taken care of within a few days easily. I only wish I didn't need to leave you, but I'll get this taken care of and come back to you as quickly as I possibly can."

"I can come with with you-" I start, but he stops that thought with a gentle but firm shake of his head.

"We don't know what sort of consequences it would have on your health if you leave Elfhame before your strength has the chance to build up. Arden and Xavier will stay with you and make sure you're taken care of until I can return."

I know Damion's people need him right now and while the idea of being left behind leaves my chest strained with worry, I refuse to be the reason that his people don't get the guidance they need from their King when they need it most. I shove that gnawing worry and discomfort as far down as I can so that he can do his job as their leader. To make it as easy on him as I can.

"Everything is going to be fine," he tells me, "*You're going to be fine.*" It sounds like he says that last part in an attempt to convince himself as much as he's working to convince me. He pulls me into his chest, his arms wrapping around me in an embrace. I breathe in the now familiar scent of him, committing it to memory. The calming scent of mountain air and pine that constantly seems to cling to him. 

"I'll come back to you as soon as I'm able to," he promises me again, his lips pressing to my temple and I close my eyes drinking in as much of him as I can. When he pulls back from me, I notice the dark circles appearing like larger heavy bruises beneath his eyes. Anxiety gnaws at me again at the reminder that he hasn't slept in *days*. That what he needs more than anything is rest, but he's riding off to save someone else. Again.

"Try to stop and get some sleep soon," I say, reaching up to gently trace those dark circles with the tip of my finger. 

The tired lines around his eyes soften at the gesture, "You too. Promise me that you'll be safe."

I snort, "*I'm* not the one rushing off into danger."

He growls low in his throat, "Promise me, Lily."

"I promise."

He leans in to give me one last scorching kiss that lingers long after he pulls away, taking the time to get me settled into his bed to rest before he leaves. 

From beneath the covers, I watch him go, re-checking the locks on the door behind him as he leaves. With a tight feeling in my chest that fights against the sight of his disappearing form, I push down the irrational urge to run after him, and attempt to settle into the pillows of the bed that still smells subtly like him after our afternoon here together. 

But even as I close my eyes, searching for sleep, I can't get rid of the sinking feeling of suspicion that these attacks really are only the beginning of something much bigger. Only scratching the surface of what's to come.
###chapter 55
I wake up feeling more on edge than I have in a while. A restless energy fizzles through my blood making it hard for me to sit still. The hollow ache in my chest I started feeling the moment Damion walked out the door spreads. It stretches further now, bringing with it a gnawing empty loneliness that I can't seem to shake no matter how hard I try.

I was only now realizing how much I've been relying on Damion-how much I've used him as a support, a crutch, these past few weeks. Now that he's gone, it's like my entire sense of gravity's shifted and I no longer have that steady constant presence keeping my feet planted on the ground and a large part of me is floundering. 

I'd spent most of my life on my own, and I'd figure out how to navigate being on my own again. 

*Snap out of it, Lily. You're fine. Everything's fine. Get your shit together.*

My stomach clenches with cramps as I get up from the bed, but I push the uncomfortable feelings to the side as best as I can. The surge of energy I got yesterday from the springs has dissipated to the point of nearly being gone and the ensuing crash I'm feeling from it is more brutal than I'd been expecting. Once I reconnect to the source I'd probably feel as good as I did yesterday.

There's a knock at my door just as I'm finish slipping into one of the fresh silken robes the elves had left in my room-this one in a deep shade of blue. I pause at the doorway, my hand hesitates on the knob. 

"It's us," Arden's familiar voice calls through the wood of the door. I twist open the locks, revealing my two shifter guards waiting just outside my doorway.

I send both of them a smile, opening the door wider to let them in. Arden's eyes linger on the dark puffiness around my eyes, and she winces sympathetically, "Rough night?" She asks me as she sidesteps me to satisfy her curiosity in taking stock of my room.

"You could say that." Despite the fact that I was still exhausted from traveling and recovering from the fever's effects on my body, I had barely been able to sleep. Most of my night had been spent tossing and turning, trying my best not to worry about Damion and if he was safe and failing miserably.

I finally fall into an exhausted, restless sleep as the first light of dawn caressed the windowsill, peeking into the room. But even now, I can't seem to get rid of the nagging voice in my head telling me that the attacks on the borders are my fault. I can't get rid of the idea that someone would get injured or worse and that thought alone is enough to tie my stomach in knots.

"Do you have any idea of when we'll hear from them?" I ask, trying not to let the hope I'm feeling seep into my voice and failing miserably. I'm not really expecting him to have sent anything along yet, but I can't stop myself from asking.

Arden's face twists sympathetically, "We most likely won't hear from anyone for at least a few days--until the business with the Unseelie is cleared up. The King won't want to risk sending a messenger back this way and possibly leading any Unseelie right to you. And the rest of the elves."

"We were told that elder Aelrie is going to come accompany you to the springs for another session," Xavier explains, arms crossing over his chest and his eyes scan the room the same way Arden is as if he's checking and re-checking for any possible danger that could pop out at any moment. 

I don't comment on the way he's reverted back to the overly- serious -and -grumpy Xavier that he was when I'd first met him though. Instead follow my two guards to the dining hall to get some breakfast. I force down some food at Arden and Xavier's insistence, but the worry swirling inside makes anything I swallow stick to my throat and my stomach churn uncomfortably.

The dining hall is more crowded this morning than it had been when we were here last night. Groups of elves in flowing silky fabrics pass by, their eyes lingering curiously on our small group, but no one approaches us. I imagine that it's been a while since they've had anyone they don't immediately recognize in their city. The stares would make me self- conscious if I wasn't watching them pass with just as much curiosity as they were watching me.

Elder Aelrie finds me at breakfast to take me back to the springs and after a short trek through the same wooded path as yesterday, she leaves me to scurry up the peaceful forest path alone. Birds chirp and warm yellow sunshine heats my bare shoulders where they poke out from beneath the short towel I'm wrapped in as I step up to the misting springs. 

The crashing waterfall that flows nearby scatters mist through the sunlight making rainbows of color to coalesce on the soft forest floor. Here alone this time, I see the space with new eyes, giving it my focus. I've never been anywhere so beautiful in my life.

Stepping back in the waters brings a reaction in my body similar to what it had been the first time. As I settle into the sparkling water, I'm greeted by the magical electric currents that flow into my skin and prickles their way through my veins. As I relax into the rippling surface, that same feeling I'd experienced yesterday- that jolt of power - tingles through my body, heating my skin and my blood. 

Because I'm expecting it, though, the unusual sensation doesn't overwhelm me as it had yesterday. I feel myself breathe easier the longer I let myself soak, let the electrified currents overtake me and fill me up.

Like yesterday, someone comes to get me when it's time to get out and wrapped in a towel, I head back to the dressing area. Elder Aelrie eyes me thoughtfully as I step out of the dressing room back in the same robed dress I'd worn this morning.

"I was informed," she says in her low smooth voice, "that your shifter King had to leave past the wall last night to attend to business back in his lands."

*Your shifter King*. Something about her calling him *mine*, does something to my heart, and it feels like it swells in my chest giving a hard, heavy thump. I want to tell her that he's not really mine-not officially.

 I mean, he isn't is he? Maybe he is? The thought makes me chew anxiously on my lower lip. Everything happened so fast yesterday that we never really had the chance to discuss it. 

Flashes of my afternoon with Damion flicker through my memory, and my cheeks prick with heat as I recall the words he'd murmured in the dim light of his bedroom, that overwhelming intent black gaze focused solely on me-

*"Before the bond ever snapped into place-before there was any reason to it-I felt drawn to you in a way that I've never felt before. So I don't want you to think or worry that I feel trapped in any way. You make me feel things I never even knew were possible."*

The heat in my cheeks blazes hotter as memories of everything we'd done *afterward* quickly follow. The ragged growl in his chest, the dark scarlet in his eyes that darkened as my body clamped around his fingers. I have to force those memories away and remind myself where I'm at. *This isn't exactly an appropriate time to be having these kinds of thoughts.*

"How are you taking the separation?" Aelrie asks, interrupting my embarrassingly heated barrage of intrusive thoughts. I blink back into focus on the elven woman standing beside me, a surprisingly concerned look has overtaken her face, "As I told you yesterday," she continues, "when I stumbled upon you and the King in the tunnel, I was able to sense that your energies were already mixing. So I imagine you are facing some symptoms of withdrawal now that there's physical distance between you two."

"Withdrawal?" I ask, confused.
###chapter 56
"Withdrawal?" I ask, confused. I've heard of withdrawals before, but typically in a much different context. I've heard some of the healers mention it in passing in the Seelie healer's wing in regards to patients experiencing pain from discontinuing their stringent use of faerie wine or something like that. Never in this context before though.

Alerie nods, taking up a slow walk up the wooded path and I follow along beside her, "It's to be expected between Bonded couples," she explains, "You may start to feel an emptiness from having him separated from you. That emptiness comes from your energies being cut off from one another. According to our records, I'm told that it feels like a missing limb that grows more painful the longer you're apart. If you aren't already, you may experience something like that soon."

*Missing limbs. Aching*. My face scrunches in a grimace as I walk behind her. What she was describing sounded like what I'd felt first thing this morning when I'd woken up and remembered that Damion had left. I'd attributed it to crashing after the boost of energy I'd gotten yesterday, but maybe it hadn't been that after all.

"I started feeling an ache in my chest earlier this morning," I admit, carefully watching my feet so I don't trip over a stray root or a rock by accident. Was that feeling actually the withdrawals she was talking about?

"Let me know if it gets worse for any reason so we can adjust what we're doing and find something else to help. Being in the springs should reduce your symptoms, along with lots of rest. Though I'm told that unfortunately there's not much that the shifter in a bonded pair can do in order to stave off any of the withdrawal symptoms."

That makes me pause in my footsteps to look over at her, "Damion's feeling it too?"

The elven woman nods, "It's better if the two of you don't separate for too long if you can help it."

The idea that he's on the borders fighting against Unseelie soldiers is enough to send anxiety rippling through me. But when I added in the fact that he may be doing that fighting in *pain* only makes my worry escalate.

I hope it's not as bad for him as Aelrie seems to think it will be.



_____________________________________________________




"You've been jumpy all morning," I note as I look over my guards who sit staunchly at our table in the dining hall. Xavier's been more tense than I've seen him for a while--the difference is almost startling. He tenses as anyone approaches, hand constantly at the ready on the hilt of his weapon. Arden's not quite so bad, but there is a level of tension in her eyes as she tracks the people and shadows around us as if memorizing every face in the room

"Is it because you're worried about what's happening at the borders?" I ask. Did Damion downplay the danger of what was happening out there in order to appease my own anxiety about him leaving?

At my question, Xavier blinks over at me in surprise, "Am I worried about what's happening at the border?" He scoffs, "Gods, no. The only thing I'm currently worried about is making sure that you get back to Damion in one piece and nothing happens to you on our watch."

I look around in search of any danger they seem to be so on guard for, "I thought we were safe behind the walls," I say, eyes darting between them expectantly, voice lowering, "I thought the shifters and elves were allies. You don't think someone's going to attack us, do you?"

"We *are* allies," Arden assures me, with a quick smile that doesn't reach her eyes, "And I don't believe we have anything to worry about from them. But it's better to be more careful than not. Let's just say the King made it very clear that you're not to have a single scratch on you."

I blink up at them shock simmering through me, "He threatened you?" I feel my eyes tighten with concern for these two shifter guards who I had quickly considered my friends.

Arden waves off my concern, "Don't worry, he didn't threaten us. It was just the general alpha-y aura he was giving off. Let's just say that he was in a *very*.aggressively protective mood when he left last night. We've never seen him get like this before, so we're taking it upon ourselves to be more safety conscious over you than normal."

Ah. *General alpha-y aura. They were talking about the shifter thing Arden had brought up last night at dinner. The thing where Damion could supposedly send out warnings to other shifters. 

 I know I shouldn't, but I'm left with an irrational warm tingly sensation that works its way up my spine and through my stomach. Hearing that Damion was just as worried about being separated from me as I was from him makes me feel a little less alone in this sea of crazy feelings. It makes the achingly empty feeling in gut feel a little less heavy.

We leave the dining hall and make our way back towards where our rooms are. There's a restless sparking energy shimmering through me after my time in the pools and I don't think I have it in me to go back indoors. The thought of laying around when I could be up and moving- out taking advantage of the new energy dancing through my veins - feels abhorrent to me. So when we come across the gardens that I'd spotted outside Damion's bedroom window last night, I turn expectantly to my guards.

"Can we go look around?" I ask, gesturing to the stony arch of the garden that feels like it's beckoning me to enter. The spark of life emanating from the gardens is like a siren's song to me, dragging me in.

Xavier slowly starts to shake his head, "We should really get you situated somewhere more easily defensible where you can rest-" he protests.

"I don't need to rest," I rush to assure them, "I feel great. What I need is a distraction. And you said yourself just this morning that we're perfectly safe here"

Xavier still doesn't look convinced, still in full- protective- guard- mode apparently, "I don't know"

I cut him off with a jokingly wide eyed and pleading look that I cut between the two of them, even going so far as to poke out my bottom lip in a pout. 

Arden snorts under her breath at my dramatics, "Oh, alright. Let's do it. It's not every day we get to go look around elven gardens."

I grin widely, "That was my thinking exactly." I loop my arms through both of theirs steering them into the arching entrance of the gardens. 

Xavier grumbles under his breath- something about it being safer behind locked doors, then says louder, "Are we sure that you're part elf? Because I could swear you have the tongue of a serpent."

Arden laughs, but I ignore his grousing to peer around us.

The gardens are just as lush and striking as I had imagined they would be from the single glance I'd had from Damion's room the other night. A rolling stream rolls through the center of the rows of flowers and herbs. Aside from the overflowing greenery, there's also a variety of wildlife that I hadn't been expecting rooting around us. Riots of butterflies and gorgeous birds in every shade imaginable, deer, and even a few wild horses grazing off outside the gate.

There's a pang in my chest when I remember that Damion had promised we would explore these gardens together that night in his room, my chest throbbing emptily at the reminder that he's not here with me. I shove those thoughts to the side and force myself to inspect the wild beauty flowing around us as we enter through the garden's archway.

I'm trying so hard to keep my thoughts from drifting back to Damion and worrying over if he's okay to ignore the dull aching that had started back up in my chest that I don't notice the way the guards on either side of me have gone completely stiff. 

I turn, following their gazes to see what had them reacting that way and when I do, my own heart skips a beat in shock.

Because we're standing face to face with the largest white wolf I've ever seen. And his dark eyes are focused right on me.
###chapter 57
The wolf's fur is a pure white that's spotless enough that it shines with the light from the sun. He stands probably four our five feet tall, even crouching in the bush of flowers ahead of us. The beast's dark eyes track over us glinting with something that looks like interest- his large head tips curiously.

To my right, Xavier's form shifts away from me and his figure ripples as a tearing sound rips through the garden. Suddenly, in the space Xavier had stood before, now stands a thickly- built grizzly bear. My breath catches in my chest, my heart thundering as a threatening grumble rips from the bear's throat, taking a protective step between the wolf and me.

This is the first time I've ever seen him shift- seen *any* shifter change into their other form for that matter - and my lips part with my shock. 

The wolf doesn't move, doesn't even flinch at the sight of Xavier's bear form, just continues to stare at me with his large dark eyes. And then, a warm prickling sensation heats under my skin--- slowly, so slowly at first as if it's waking up from a deep sleep. It's a prickling electric feeling that feels similar to what I feel heating my skin when I'm in the springs. Like a lightning strike. A brush of magic.

As my skin heats, I feel a tug in my chest like an invisible rope is directing my attention to the wolf. I can *sense* him. The wolf. Sense the heat of his life form in front of me like a palpable thing. And I know - without knowing *how*- that he's not going to attack us. That the beast is calm, even with Xavier's bear form practically ready to tear into him. 

"Xavier, don't hurt him," I say quickly, heart pounding in my chest. *Can he understand me in this form?* 

Xavier keeps his eyes trained on the wolf, though his head tilts in my direction letting me know he's listening.

"He's not going to attack us," I say, trying to let the assurance I feel at that fact seep into my voice.

"How do you know that?" Arden asks, eyeing me from her defensive position in front of me.

"I don't knowI can just tell. I think he's just curious." 

I step out from around Arden's shoulder and am surprised when she lets me. Xavier lets out a low grumbling growl from deep in his chest that I ignore as I take a slow step up toward the wolf.

He's even more massive up close. 

I reach out a hand cautiously, and the wolf notes the movement with cautious, watchful eyes before leaning forward to smell the exposed skin there.

"Lily," Arden says in a low warning, "Not that I don't trust you and all, but is it really the wisest decision in the world to be putting yourself within chomping distance of that thing?"

"He's not going to bite me," I say, feeling the wolf's curiosity stemming and transforming to something akin to satisfaction before bending its neck back to lick me across the face. My lips split into a wide grin, a shocked laugh tumbling out of me as I run my fingers over the wolf's soft fur.

"*What the actual fuck*," Arden mutters, shock and horror echoing through her voice in equal measure. Xavier's bear form grunts by way of agreement.

"I see you've met Rison," says a deep, calming voice from behind us. I glance over my shoulder and vaguely recognize the tall and willowy figure. He was the the male who had discovered us in the tunnel with elder Aelrie. Damion had said that he was another of the elven elders.

The long snowy white hair that hangs in sleek sheets down his shoulders is easily recognizable. And while he's almost the same height as Damion reaches when he's standing beside me, the elf isn't nearly as broad as the shifter King is- he's thinner, less muscled and more lithe. Like Aelrie, his skin is pristine, not a wrinkle in sight, but there's a certain agelessness about his eyes that makes me think that he's not nearly as young as he appears.

"We have," I say, letting my fingers drag over his fur again, and the wolf tilts his head towards me welcoming the touch, "Is he yours?"

"In a way," the elf says, "He seems to have taken a liking to you, which is an oddity for him." He blinks curiously at the large white wolf for a single moment before turning back to face me, "I'm afraid I haven't had the opportunity to introduce myself to you properly. I am Elandorr. I was there that day in the tunnels when you arrived."

I nod, "I remember you, it's good to see you again."

 "I'm glad we crossed paths when we did, you see I was hoping I would get the chance to speak with you while you were here in Elfhame."

Distantly, I notice Arden and Xavier- still in his bear form - stiffen, sharing a look. "What was it you were hoping to talk to me about?" I ask, curiosity and wariness warring inside me.


____________________________________________________



At elder Elandorr's insistence, we follow him through the garden to a small sitting area. Xavier since shifted back into his human form, and both of my guards sit stiffly beside me as we gather against a small round table set up at the edge of a sprawling silver gazebo.

A cup of tea rests on the table- still steaming - as if he had just been about to settle in for a cup when we stumbled upon Rison. As we settle into the seats opposite elder Elandorr's the white wolf settles in at my feet, settling his large furry head on my toes, warming them. I smile down at him stroking a hand down his back and he grunts happily.

I've always known that I've had a sort of connection of sorts to animals, but I've never experienced it in this way before. If the prickling under my skin-the one similar to the springs where I've been reconnecting to Elfhame's source of magic and energy - has strengthened that connection for me.

Damion had mentioned that my energy- the magical signature that makes me *me* - had strengthened with my time connected to the source. Maybe this was another part of it.

Elandorr settles in and takes a prim sip of his tea, "From what I've heard, your elfin heritage has come as much as a shock to you as it has to us. We had no knowledge of any of our kind being beyond the borders. We retreated here after the war and only a few political parties have been out past the wall since then. Knowing that one of our younglings was out there without access to the source has been almost too horrible for us to come to terms with."

"It has been a bit of a shock," I admit, "I'm not sure what elder Aelrie mentioned to you about the conversation I had with her yesterday, but I grew up in the Seelie fae court believing I was one of them."

He nods, "She did mention that, but I have to ask," he hesitates for a moment then sits his mug down as if bracing himself for his next question, "You're Marion Montegard's daughter, aren't you?"

I feel my eyebrows come together and I twist the hem of my robe between my fingers. It had been a while since I'd last heard my mother's name spoken and it comes as a bit of a shock. "She was my mother, though I never knew her. She passed away when I was born."

He nods as if he were expecting this answer, his long graceful body going unnaturally still, followed by a drawn out pause.

Finally, he breaks that silence to say, in a somewhat strained voice, "I don't know how to say this, Lily, but I believe my son was your father."
###chapter 58
"You believe that.your son was my father?" I repeat back his words, my mind spinning and going blank at the same time.

Elandorr nods, a seriousness that hadn't been there before now overtaking his smooth face making me know that he's not making some sort of joke. Neither of us knows what to say for a long quiet moment.

Thankfully Arden steps in after a moment, "What is it that makes you believe that, elder Elandorr?"  She asks him in a low voice, shooting me a worried look from the corner of her eye.

My mind is still spinning as Elandorr explains how his son had spent time among the Seelie Fae-how he had gone there to attempt peace between their people after the war. He'd stayed at the Seelie palace with a few other elves attempting to put together a treaty together, though they were ultimately unsuccessful. His son-Calden-had sent him  letters while away explaining how he had fallen in love with a fae woman there. 

Marion Montegard. My mother.

The fact that I have elf blood - proven by the fact that I had been able to use my blood to enter through Elfhame's wall - had been reason enough for me to realize that something like this had happened, that one of my parents wasn't who I'd thought. But hearing all of this firsthand was still a lot for me to process. 

There was certainly no love lost between my father- King Tarquin and I. He'd never given me any real reason to believe that he cared about me, not in the way he cared about my sister Lucia. The fact that he'd sold me off for a treaty with the Unseelie court was evidence enough of that fact.

I can't help but wonder if the man who I'd always considered my father had known. Had he been aware of what was happening between my mother and Calden? And what had happened to them afterward? Does *Lucia* know?

Even though I'm grateful to Elandorr for explaining everything to me, I'd been under the assumption that when I had finally found answers to who my parents were that it would tie up some loose ends for me. 

Elandorr is kind enough to offer me the letters he had from Calden and even a few of his journals so I could read them and learn more about the man my father had been. I take them gratefully, promising to return them to him once I have the opportunity to read them, though for a reason I can't understand, something makes me hesitate to delve into them right away. 

I can't help but wish that Damion were here so I could talk through it with him. 

Elandorr's words echo through me on repeat as Xavier and Arden lead me back to my room for the evening. And they continue echoing in my head I can't seem to get them to stop.


___________________________________________________



The following days pass in a similar way as that first day does. 

All my time is a blur of spending increasingly longer stints in the springs absorbing as much power as I can into my body. I find that I'm getting progressively stronger day after day. I'm thrilled at how easily I'm able to move around now- the strength that's slowly building in my muscles, the way I don't need to stop for breaks when I walk as I'm used to. That I no longer need to rest in bed for days at a time.

Arden and Xavier hover over me constantly, shoving food at me at dinner in attempts to sate the nearly constant hunger that's become my constant companion as I heal. I feel like I'm always *starving* and even though I eat until I'm stuffed at meal times, I always end up hungry again in a few short hours.

I also find that as the days pass that there's a healthier rosy glow in my skin and my long white hair shines in softer waves than it had before. There's a new soft curve in my breasts and hips that hadn't been there before that I attribute to being able to keep food down consistently over the past week and my time reconnecting to my power.  As I slowly get healthier by the day, I'm also filled to the brim with a restless energy that I can't seem to shake off. 

The elders set us up with a few elves to take us on tours around the city every afternoon. They show us every inch of Elfhame, peppering me with information about their people and their history- *my* people and history too now I suppose-  and everything in between. 

Traveling around and exploring the city with Xavier and Arden is like one of my oldest dreams coming true. Adventure and magic and excitement. When I'd been trapped in my rooms in the Seelie court, unable to leave my bed, I'd used to daydream about being able to live like this and I soak in every second for the wonder that it truly is.

Yet, for some reason, no matter how busy I manage to stay during the day, I can't hide from the fact that there's a constant nagging emptiness at the center of my chest that even dulled by my time in the springs, continues to spread. That dull throbbing ache that elder Aelrie had referred to as *withdrawals*. 

Her words echo in my head as I toss and turn at night, unable to sleep, *"It's better if you don't separate for too long if you can help it. There's nothing that the shifter in a Bonded pair can do in order to stave off the withdrawal symptoms aside from reconnecting with their Bonded partner. The separation will only grow more painful for you both the longer you're apart. *

Every day we don't hear from Damion, I find that I get more and more anxious. Arden and Xavier continue to assure me that there's nothing to worry about, that it's to be expected even, but that doesn't stop the ragged and fractured center of my chest from aching to run to him. 

No matter how much I try to wear myself out during the day, constantly staying busy to distract myself from Damion's continued silence, I've found that I can't escape my body's need for Damion in my sleep. Every night without fail, I startle awake in the middle of the night, surrounded by darkness - aching and desperate for his touch, my blood overheating in my veins at the memory of his lips trailing over my skin. The lingering memory of his taste and scent haunt me, leaving a pulsing clenching ache between my thighs in their wake that nothing can satisfy. 

The short time we'd spent together has ruined me.

But on the tenth day, we finally - *finally* - receive a letter.

Though, it's not from Damion like I expect. The letter we get is from, Leif, Damion's second in command

###chapter 59
On one of our afternoon tours of the markets in Elfhame with Xavier and Arden, our small group is approached by elder Aelrie. The female elf appears to float through the loose crowd, her head bobbing above the others with her usual graceful strides.

I grin up at her when I see her, "Elder Aelrie!" I call out to her in greeting, and a few surrounding elves glance over to me in shock before nodding quick bows to their elven elder, "Did you change your mind about coming to buy some chocolate tarts with us?" I joke.

Her mouth twitches at the edges into a smile, "I wish that were the reason I'm here. But, I came searching for you was because I need to deliver you some news we just received from beyond the wall."

*News from outside the wall?* My heart gives a heavy thump in my chest. Did we finally receive an update from Damion? Is he returning?

 Aelrie's typical serene expression smooths into something more serious than it had been when I'd met with her at the pools earlier that morning, "A small group of shifter soldiers delivered a missive at the gates addressed to the council of elders." 

"Is it an update from the King?" Xavier asks her, stepping forward to reach for the parchment she offers.

"It is not from your king, but from his second, Captain Alfson," Aelrie informs us.

My entire body stiffens, anxiety trickling through me. 

"From *Leif*?" Arden asks, surprise coloring her voice, "What did he have to say?" 

Beside me, Xavier's eyes trail over the text, but my stomach is twisting itself into a knot and I'm tense enough that I don't have it in me to attempt to read what it says over his shoulder.

The elf woman's eyes focus on to me, "Captain Alfson was inquiring over how long we believed it would be until you are able to suspend your current sessions regaining your power."

My hands anxiously clench at the fabric of my robe, "Why, has something happened? Is Damion-"

"Your King is safe," Aelrie assures me with a soothing pat on my shoulder. Relief is a palpable thing, a long exhale collapses its way out from my lungs. 

*He's safe. He's safe. He's safe.*

Aelrie continues, "From what the Captain explained in his letter, though, he believes that your King is under the effects of withdrawals within your Bond connection. He says that while your King refuses to risk your safety or health in any sense of the word and would rather you stay behind the wall until the attacks have withdrawn and he can come for you himself, the Captain thought it would be best to rely upon our expertise in the matter of your health."

Xavier lets out a muted snort and Arden and I glance over at him in question, "Leif is going behind the Commander's back to ask for the Princess's return to the mountain," he adds, explaining, "The attacks are taking longer to resolve than was expected and the Commander is being stubborn about your safety."

Arden echoes his reaction with a low whistle, rolling her eyes, "Brave bastard," she snickers under her breath, "The King's going to be pissed when he finds out."

"Of course I'll go," the words rush out of me without hesitation. Without a second thought. I look to Aelrie, "I've been spending time at the springs every day, and I've been doing better than I ever have. There's no reason that Damion should suffer because of me."

Aelrie nods once. Her expression remains smooth, but there's a glint of approval in her brown eyes, "As the elder assigned to take point on getting your energy levels stabilized, and seeing the vast improvement you've undergone these past two weeks, I have to agree with you. I don't believe your health is under any danger if you decide to make the journey back to your Bond partner. As long as you feel well enough and that's something you want to do."

Of course I want to go to him. The ache in my chest that I've been feeling from the moment he left gives a throbbing jolt as if in agreement.

"Then it's decided," Xavier nods, refolding the parchment and handing it back to elder Aelrie. 

Arden throws her arm over my shoulder excitement practically radiating from her, "Let's go home."



__________________________________________________________



*Home.*

Though I hadn't spent much time in the Northern Mountains the shifters claimed as their home, the term feels more than right. There's a palpable electric feeling of excitement that buzzes through the air as we spend the next few days traveling by horseback through the trails that lead back to the castle in the mountain.

The elves had freely gifted us with supplies necessary for the journey and had found some non-elven riding clothes- so I could blend in with the people outside the wall should we be spotted - for me as a parting gift. The small group of shifters who had delivered the message from Leif had waited outside the gates for us and accompanied us as protection for the journey.

The journey by horseback is the longest I've ever done on my own - conscious anyway -and though the ride is long and rigorous, I don't mind it in the least. Breathing in the wild mountain air, I study the wooded scenery in awe, taking in everything like it's the first time.

Colors feel brighter, everything feels fresher and more alive, and as we ride I take stock of the surrounding animals I find that I can sense along the trails. The way I can sense the pulsing essence of the various plants and animals around me adds another layer to my enjoyment along the journey. Xavier and Arden watch my wide-eyed excitement and wonder with amusement.

"I have more fun watching *you* see things than actually seeing them myself," Arden jokes one day as we stop for lunch. A few of the other soldiers had changed into their second animal forms to keep track of the surroundings, vigilant in their patrols, always on the lookout for Unseelie who may have snuck past the borders.

"Don't make fun of me," I roll my eyes, shoving her shoulder playfully. Even fully healed the way I am now, the shifter woman is still much more solidly built than I am and barely moves when I push into her which only makes her and Xavier laugh harder.

"I'm not making fun of you," Arden chuckles, "I guess I've just been desensitized to most things, so it's been eyeopening to see it all from someone else's perspective."

"Keeps things exciting," Xavier agrees from his spot on a nearby stump as he goes back to sharpening one of his daggers.

"How much further do we have until we get there?" I ask, changing the subject. My back pops as I reach over my head to stretch out the stiff muscles that have slowly been piling up from the long stints of riding we've done over the past few days. 

Xavier doesn't look up when he says, "I imagine this will be our last stop. Maybe a few more hours max?"

A few more hours until I get to see Damion again. The prospect of being with him again sends my pulse skittering through my veins. Without being able to be connected to the power that had kept the worst of my withdrawals at bay, the aching in my chest had grown. But it was easier to ignore knowing that we were getting so close. That I'd be able to see him today.

My thoughts are cut off as a grating pulse of energy ripples up my spine. The sensation feels like something slowly waking up-a growing haze of old energy writhing its way from the soles of my boots past my shoulders. Goosebumps skitter up my arms, making my hairs stand on ends.

"Lily?" Arden asks, notices my sudden tension, "You alright?"

"Something feels off," I say slowly, and Xavier's attention shifts in my direction, "I don't know, I can't explain it."

Suddenly, the earth rumbles beneath us shuddering under the soles of my feet. Arden grabs hold of me as I lose my balance. With her other hand, she grips onto a tree to keep us both upright.

"What-" I start.

"It's a storm!" One of the patrolling shifters shouts, "Take cover!"

"Fucking hell," Xavier curses.

Another rolling groan of the forest's floor nearly brings me to my knees and there's a distant sound of someone screaming that has my blood turning to ice in my veins.

*Earth Storm*.
###chapter 60
*Earth Storm.*

The world around us turns to chaos as the tremors continue to build on themselves. Arden crouches over me, keeping me from being thrown around as the ground shakes so roughly that I have to clench my jaw together to keep my teeth from rattling.

"Hold on, Princess," Arden shouts to be heard over the groaning earth.  Distantl,y I feel a warm trickle of blood trailing down my my hairline where I'm jostled over and over into the rough bark from the tree. I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to block out the chaos around me.

"Look out!" Xavier shouts.

 My eyes shoot open at Xavier's warning, but I don't see the shattered remains of the massive tree trunk crashing towards us until it's too late. Arden swears loudly from beside me and I brace myself for the pain just as Xavier's bulky body rams into us, throwing us out of the way. 

The three of us roll in a blurring pile of limbs along the ground as the tree lands in the exact spot Arden and I had just been crouched in. Stars flash across my vision as my head cracks against something hard- the sharp corner of a rock. 

I don't have time to give attention to the pain as the world continues to roar wildly around us. Xavier, Arden, and I brace around each other, unable to do anything more than wait for the storm to wind down. The earth rumbles around us for long enough that I start to lose track of time. Eventually, the groaning ground begins to settle and eventually - blessedly - stills, coming to a stopping point.

Xavier groans as he rolls away from us and onto his back, all of us breathing hard. Arden leans over me to help me into a sitting position as the world starts to come back into focus in the ensuing stillness.

"You're bleeding," Arden says, as she looks over me, taking quick stock of my injuries, "Shit, Lily, are you alright?"

"I'm okay," I assure her. I gingerly press my fingers to the broken skin, and my fingers come away red with blood, "I'm pretty sure it's just a scratch. Are *you* both okay?"

I look over them both, and while they're both now caked in dirt and Arden has a few twigs in her hair, they look no worse for wear, thankfully.

The sound of shouting and crashing in the distance has me stiffening and I look over to see what it is as one of the shifters who had been checking the perimeter comes barreling into the clearing.

His voice is a panicked warning, "*Fog*! There's a fog coming!"

Xavier curses loudly, and suddenly both of my guards are on their feet, tugging me up to a standing position.

"Where's Erik?" Xavier demands, "Is he not still with you?"

"The fog already got him," the panicked shifter shouts on a wheezing breath.

Arden and Xavier are already in motion behind him, shoving me over to the waiting horses, "Lily, we have to go," Arden says, "*Right now*."

My pulse stutters as I stumble along with them, "What is it?"

"There's a scarlet fog rolling in," Xavier says, "We need to leave, *now*!"

It only takes a moment for me to remember where I'd heard of the scarlet fog before and I feel all the blood drain out of my face, my breaths turning to lead in my lungs when I do. 

My guards had taught me about the fog during my first earth storm. *"The fog is not like the earth tremors, but it's just as deadly," Xavier had explained, "Usually around the time that the tremors happen, a scarlet fog comes through. It's poisonous to breathe in, and burns like fire if it comes in contact with skin."

"What do you do if there's a fog?" I'd asked him, "How do you escape it?"

"There's nothing you *can* do except pray to the Mother that you're able to outrun it."*

And it already took one of us. Erik.

The majority of the horses we had been riding on earlier had made a break for it during the storm, sprinting away through the trees and out of sight, leaving us with only two horses, both of them whinnying in panic. Xavier and the other guard climb onto one, while Arden and I scramble our way up onto the saddle of the other.

"Get her out of here!" Xavier shouts loudly just as Arden kicks our horse into a wild sprint. 

As we start picking up speed, I risk a glance over my shoulder and catch a glimpse of a thick rolling wall of red - a red the exact shade of clotting blood - pouring over the tree line not thirty feet behind from us.

"Don't look back," Arden says, her voice barely audible over the rushing wind, "And hang on tight."

Our pair of horses race wildly through the trees, keeping pace with one another as we struggle to keep ahead of the rolling cloud of death careening toward us. I pray to every god I can think of that we'll be able to make it through this - that the horses will be able to outrun the horror that already claimed Erik's life.

Time moves at a snails' pace- a hazy blur of panic and horror. 

But after what I imagine is an hour or so, we somehow manage to outpace the fog. The fog had stopped its creeping ascent up the mountain side, yet we continue on at our breakneck pace. We continue our barreling ride out of the forest and onto a clear road. Still, we don't bother to stop, going as quickly up the road as our horses can manage.

I almost cry in relief when the there's a slight break in the line of trees and the first glimpse of the shifter's castle come's into view. The familiar sight of a gray arched tunnel and the intensely looming cliff face ahead of us.

*We made it*. We finally made it. 

We are back.


_________________________________________



Arden and Xavier hover around me as we make our way into the familiar mountain tunnels. After riding into the section of guarded tunnels that is used as stables for the horses, we're met with more than a few double takes and curious searching looks from the guards. A stable hand takes our horses and Xavier and Arden carry the saddle bags from the stables and into the connecting tunnels leading us further into the mountain.

There are so many shifters racing around us, passing by us in a rush as they work to find and repair the latest wave of damage from the storm, that no one notices our trek to the main tunnels. At my guard's insistence, our first stop is to the healer's wing to get the cuts on my face and back of my head looked at.

Every nerve and cell in my body wants to go find Damion, but I can't help but agree that it's better to get my injuries cleaned and healed first before he sees me. There's a spark of anticipation in the air that reminds me of the electric charge just before a storm.

We make our way to the level where the healer's wing is, climbing the inclined path. As we curve around the bended corner, my body freezes at the sound of a voice speaking to someone in the hallway. A deep, shadowy and familiar voice that make the corner of my eyes prick with relieved tears. I nearly trip over my feet as I spin toward the sound. 

A gorgeous pair of black eyes meet mine from the dimly lit corridor where he stands talking to a pair of shifter guards. Those black eyes widen fractionally in shock while my heart stutters over itself in my chest, warmth spreading through every inch of me.

*Damion.*
###chapter 61
"*Lily*?" Damion says, the dark rasp of his voice cutting across the hallway. 

I'd recognize the sight of his tall sturdy frame anywhere. Like the night he left, he's swathed in black gear. A few strands of his dark curling hair droop onto his forehead, and the same dark bruises under his eyes he had when he left only look darker. Like he hasn't been sleeping.

The sharp planes of his face go slack with shock, while the dark slashes of eyebrows pull together like he can't decide if what he's seeing is real or not. The entire length of his body goes taut, like he's frozen.

I take off in a sprint, the soles of my boots pounding on the stone tunnel floor as I fly across the space between us and launch myself into his arms. He catches me easily like it's second nature for him- like his arms were made for it. Made for *me*. My legs wrap around his torso, my arms clinging to the broad lines of his shoulders and neck, wishing I could somehow pull him in even tighter.

Happiness and relief burst through me like a warm light as his arms wrap around me, pulling me so tightly into his chest I can barely breathe. I don't want to though. Who needs air anyway? Suddenly, everything that had felt wrong over the past few days feels right.  

Having him here with me is everything, and yet not enough at the same time. I want more. *Need* more. I tilt back from the embrace of his arms just enough so I can tangle my fingers in the soft waves of his dark hair and lower my mouth to his. 

He tastes like home. 

He meets my kiss without hesitation, tilting his head to accommodate for the new angle. Our lips slide together in a heated scorching kiss that sends shivers up my spine and has my heart thumping unsteadily against my ribcage and a pulse of need clinching at my core.

Someone clears their throat awkwardly behind us, "It's good to see you again, Princess Liliana," comes the deeply amused voice of the person standing a few feet back from us. My attention had been so focused- so narrowed in on Damion - that I'd somehow forgotten that there are still other people standing nearby. I pull back just enough to see the shifter who had been standing with Damion when we'd arrived. Captain Alfson.

I loosen my death grip on Damion, my cheeks flaming, and Damion complies, setting me gently back on my feet. He keeps me tucked firmly into his side, though. Like he's nervous that if he lets go of me for even a second that I'll flicker away like a mirage.

I recognize the shifter male standing just a few paces away from the single time I'd seen him - that night in the garden after Damion had kissed me for the first time. His wavy and fiery red hair is brighter than I remember, though. Last time I'd seen him, it had been left down, flowing past his shoulders but today he has it tied back with a strip of leather. 

"Hi, Leif," I say, turning my head so I can see him a bit better around Damion's arm, "It's good to see you, too. Though, I'm pretty sure I remember asking you to call me Lily."

His red eyebrows shoot up toward his hairline and that same mischievous light dances in his green eyes.

"How are you here? Did something happen-" Damion starts to ask, then cuts himself off, his body stiffening as realization dawns on him, "*I'm going to fucking kill you, Alfson*." Damion growls. There's a look of pure murder that flashes through his dark eyes that makes me think that he might really mean it.

The red haired shifter freezes, then sighs, "Lothbrook-"

Damion doesn't let him finish, "When I took you on as my second, I didn't realize you had such a shoddy sense of self preservation," his voice is a low murderous growl.

"Don't be mad at him," I say, "I *wanted* to come."  A sudden wave of vulnerability courses through me as I crane my neck to look hesitantly back up into his face,  and my voice lowers to a whisper, "I missed you."

His anger seems to deflate out of him between one heartbeat and the next. The planes of his face that had been tight with fury soften, and his eyes flash such a sheen of gold so dark it almost looks bronze, "I missed you too. So gods damned much. But you shouldn't have risked yourself like that, if anything had happened to you-"

"I'm completely fine," I say, but his eyes suddenly catch and linger on what I imagine is the half dried blood clumped to the side of my temple and that shade of gold in his gaze shifts to a swirling mix of amber and purple that has me wincing.  I really wish I had been able to be healed before running into him if only so he wouldn't worry. But it's too late now.

Alarm and horror flash across his face, "*You're bleeding*,"  His attention whips over to my guards who stand silently by, "What the *hell* happened out there?"

Xavier's posture is tense where he stands a few paces back next to Arden, expression grave, "The storm happened, sir."

"Shit," I hear Leif hiss under his breath, he blanches and the blood drains from his face. The unnatural shade of pale makes his freckles stand out in sharp contrast.

"We lost Erik to the fog," Arden admits to them in a low voice, "It all happened so fast. There was nothing we could do to help him."

A tense silence settles over everyone as the news sinks in. Leif is the first to speak, "I'll inform his family."

"We were just escorting Lily to the hospital wing so she could get checked out by a Healer," Xavier explains to Damion.

"I'm fine," I say, "Really. It's nothing,  just a scratch."

Damion looks down at me again, his eyes flickering over my face before turning back to my guards, "I'll take it from here. You two go and get some rest. Thank you for watching out for her."

"Of course, sir." Arden says, "We'll leave your bag in your room, Lily. We'll come check up on you later."  

When I turn back to thank her, she silently mouths, *have fun* where only I can see her and I can't help but grin at her.

Damion turns to face the still pale Leif, "I'm going to need you to reschedule the rest of my day."

"Already done." Leif says, with what appears to be a barely suppressed smirk.

Damion's arm squeezes around me, "Let's get you to a healer."
###chapter 62
Damion stays with me throughout my visit to the infirmary.

The healer makes quick work of my injuries. I think the fact that Damion sat next to me, glaring daggers at the poor shifter the entire time he worked over me, made the healer work that much faster. He was efficient though, using a type of pale paste over the deeper wound on the side of my head -the place where I hit the rock in the fall- to stop any further bleeding.

When I'm all patched up, the healer lets me know I should keep the area clean and that it's fine for the newly patched up areas get wet. He then gives me a strong smelling ointment that he instructs me to put on the areas to keep them from scarring. I thank him as we stand from the bed to leave, and the man offers both me and Damion a quick bow before running off to attend to others who had been injured in the earth storm. 

Instead of taking me to my room like I expect him to, Damion pulls open the door across from mine tugging me in with him. I've never been inside his room before, and I peer around the large space curiously. It's similar to the room I'd stayed in last time I was here, but bigger. 

The focal point of the room is the massive bed that takes up the center. It's done up in dark blacks and grays. Similar to my room, there's a fireplace in the corner, already lit. A set of large wingback chairs are placed in front of it. There's food set out, like someone had called for a meal to be brought up to us while we were in the infirmary.

I don't know why, but what surprises me most is the fact that nearly every wall in his room is made up of tightly packed bookcases that span from floor to ceiling. Lines of rope span across each shelf and when I touch one curiously he follows the motion with his eyes.

"It's to keep the books from falling off every time we have a storm," he explains.

"Smart." I can't imagine the effort it would take to pick up all of these books every time there was an earth storm. I imagine that as soon as the last book had been put back in its place another storm would roll in, knocking them back off. 

"I still can't believe you're here," he admits, "A part of me thinks that it's a very vivid dream that I'm about to wake up from."

I turn around to face him where he's leaning against one of his shelves watching me.

"When I didn't hear from you, I got worried," I admit, my bottom lip catching between my teeth, "The first chance I had to come, I took it."

"I'm sorry I worried you," he says, "I started writing to you a thousand times over the past week, but I stopped myself every time because I didn't want to risk it. I didn't want to send a messenger out to you, just in case there was any chance of them being followed. I couldn't risk the thought of anything happening to you."

"Are the Unseelie still attacking?" I ask. Anxiety at that possibility has my stomach clenching.

He sighs, running the flat of his hand over the side of his jaw, "They are- among other things."

 "What do you mean? What other things?" I ask, my blood chilling in my veins.

His eyes flicker and he looks as if he's debating whether or not to tell me, and it's his hesitation that clues me in.

"The Seelie?" I ask.

His chin dips in confirmation, "They're attempting to claim a part of the mountains as their own," he explains, "Before you were taken, your father had started some sort of project involving mining into the base of the mountain. Every time we push them out, they come back." 

Damion takes a step closer to me, his hand falling on the side of my neck. It's as if it pains him to keep his hands off me for a single moment longer than necessary and I find that I feel the same way. The warm edge of his thumb slides up the side of my neck while he talks, sending shivers up my spine.

"They've been persistent enough in their desire to dig that I'd consider opening a negotiation with them for the land," he says, "But for whatever reason the earth storms get more frequent when they start digging into the mountain. Strong arming them into ceasing their mining projects was the main purpose behind taking you that first time."

*Mining project.* 

For some reason, those words niggle at my memory. It's been long enough that it takes me a moment to recall where it was I'd heard about the Seelie engaging in a mining project before. The night before I left the palace with the Unseelie fae, I'd asked my sister what it was the shifters had wanted in exchange for my return.

*"What was it that the shifters wanted?" I'd asked Lucia as she paced around my room.*

*"What do you mean?" *

*"What was their price for returning me home?" *

*"Oh," she'd blinked to clear her thoughts, her slim arms folding across her chest, "They wanted father to cease a project he'd begun at the edge of the northern mountain range."*

 *"What sort of project?" *

*"I'm not entirely sure," she'd admitted, "but I believe it had something to do with mining, though. Why?"*

I blink back up into Damion's eyes, "My sister had mentioned something about a mining project to me," I tell him as the memory clears, "I'd asked her what my father had given in exchange to get me back and she said they agreed to stop a mining project. She didn't know any details about it though. What do you think they were digging for?"

"I have no clue," Damion admits, a muscle in his jaw ticking, "We've combed over the land they're digging into with no indication as to what they could be looking for. But whatever it is, it's important enough to them that they broke the agreement they made with us to start back up within the week you left their court."

"And the mining increases the frequency of the earth storms?" I ask, horror falling over me. No wonder Damion had gone to such lengths as to use me for ransom and to attempt forcing my fathers hand. People were dying in these storms. My father's project was putting Damion's people at risk.

"Dealing with the Seelie *and* the Unseelie. You've had a lot going on-"

He tips his head to the side considering, "It all seems insignificant somehow now that I have you here."

His words make my stomach clench but for an entirely new reason. My blood heats, cheeks flushing, as I stare up into his face. 

"Do you want to eat or shower first?" He asks, thumb stroking down the side of my neck again. 

I'm suddenly very aware of the dirt and blood on me from the days of riding and camping outside through the mountains. I'm sure I probably smell horrible, not that Damion has given me any indication that he thinks I do. He's staring at me, not like the dirty tangled mess I'm sure I am,  but like he can't take his eyes off me.

"I should probably wash up first."

I tug my dirty riding shirt over my head, letting it drop at my feet before moving onto unbuckling my pants. I make quick work of bending over to peel them off too, adding them to where my shirt lays at my feet until I'm stand only in my underclothes.

 Damion's gaze lowers to my newly exposed skin, his eyes darkening and heating as they slowly trail over me. 

"Come with me?" I ask, my body rejecting the idea of being separated again so soon- even for something as brief as taking a shower.

A heated smile pulls at his lips as he leads me to the bathing room.
###chapter 63
The bathing room consists of a massive in ground bathing pool off to the side, but what catches my attention is the shower in the corner. We have showers in the Seelie court, but for some reason I never expected them to have them here. I'm not sure I even want to consider how they managed to get running water through these stone walls.

Damion turns a lever in the shower, starting it for me and water pours from the ceiling. With his back to me, he stands in front of it, testing the temperature as he waits for it to heat. The thought of standing under hot water and letting it rinse away days worth of sweat and dirt sounds heavenly enough my knees go a little weak. 

I step up behind him, wrapping my arms around his waist. I snag the hem of his shirt and tug it up to pull over his head. He's tall enough that he has to help get it off the last bit.

My mouth goes dry when he turns back around to face me.

His body is perfect. There's no other way to describe the chiseled and tattooed man standing in front of me. My fingers run over the muscles there before dropping to the buckle of his pants. He lets me tug his pants down his legs until he's standing in his underclothes, same as me.

His eyes darken to that familiar shade of deep red I've begun associating with his arousal as I strip of the remainder of my clothes until I'm standing bare in front of him. The hard protruding line of his erection strains against the last shred of clothes he wears, his pulse pounding in his neck.

He groans, "You are so fucking beautiful."

His throat works in a swallow as guides me the rest of the way to the shower. He doesn't bother pulling off the rest of his clothes as he pushes me into the steaming water and I moan at the first contact of hot water on my skin.

While the water runs over me, Damion reaches behind me to grab a bar of soap. He hesitates for only a moment, eyes locked with mine as he drags the thick bar over my shoulders, my neck. He works it into a lather and rubs it down the the soft edges of my stomach, the curves of my hips. His body is so close to mine that I can feel him breathe. When he turns me around to get my back, the long line of his erection presses against my lower back.

Grabbing a bottle of oils for my hair, he works the rough tips of his fingers into my hair, my scalp. He's gentle around the still- healing wounds there as he rinses away the caked on blood. The feel of his hands gliding over my scalp, my body, is pure bliss.

And that bliss sends waves of need humming through me. That need becomes more and more persistent to the point of being almost painful. Impossible to ignore any longer.

I spin around in his hold and press him into the side of the shower and stand up on the tips of my toes so I can press my lips into his. The feel of my now tight nipples sliding across the hard plains of his chest sends electricity through my body and I whimper into the kiss. 

He spins us around so quickly, that I barely realized what's happened when he's suddenly pressing me into the stone side of the shower. His hands form a vice grip on my wrists, holding them above my head and he he drags his lips away from mine. He doesn't go far, though. We breathe in the steaming heat of the shower, catching our breathes with our lips only inches apart.

"*Lily*," he growls down at me, his voice a warning.

"Damion," I breathe back, matching my tone to his.

"We shouldn't," he says, "What you need is *rest* so your body has time to heal."

"I don't need rest," I say, my voice so throaty and breathless that I barely recognize it as my own, "What I *need* is you."

A growl vibrates through his chest, as he fights a battle within himself that we both know he won't win. Finally, his hands loosen on my wrists and I take it for what it is and lean into him. Our bodies slide against each other in slick disjointed movements as we deepen the kiss.

My fingers land on his chest while his own hands skim their way down the sides of my body. Lowering until they're right where I want them. Where I'm aching for his touch. I take a staggering breath in as his fingers slide between my thighs. He strokes me lightly, pressing me harder against the wall. His touch is like fire and light- better than I even remember. How does it feel *so* good?

My body flushes and arches in response to his stroking touch. 

The intense pleasure builds much too quickly and before I know it, I cry out against his lips as I shatter on his fingers. Damion hums low in throat as he kisses up the side of my neck while I come down from my high. I feel him pull his hand away from my throbbing core, and when I'm able to open my eyes, I see him bring those same fingers to his lips, his gorgeous eyes locked with mine. His chest rumbles at the taste of me as he sucks my pleasure from his fingers. 

The sight sends a white hot flash of heat through me again.

And then, still holding my gaze with the deep burgundy of his own, he pulls away from me and lowers to his knees. My chest heaves as he pauses, waiting for me to say no. And when I don't, he gently but firmly pushes my thighs apart. He lifts one of my legs over his shoulder, giving him better access to me. I grab onto the hard curves of his horns for support as he opens me up for him, parting my folds, his entire body taut like a bowstring against me. My heart nearly stops when he leans in close, breathing me in. 

Every inch of my body flushes with heat. The flush only grows when he presses in even closer and flicks his tongue over the bundle of nerves there. His lips follow, brushing against my core as he says "Fuck, you somehow taste even better than I remember. I don't know how that's possible, since that single memory was incredible enough that it's been keeping me up at night every day since then."

His tongue drags over me again and a cry escapes me. My hips jerk against him and my body trembles. His finger teases at my opening, and I cry out again as he slides that finger inside me, stretching me. His tongue moves faster, the pressure growing more intense as he drags me closer and closer to the edge. When he adds a second finger, stretching me even further, I lose control of my body as it rocks and writhes in desperation against him. 

Gods this is insane- the fire racing through my veins -it's all too much in the best way possible.

My hands fist and squeeze around the base of his horns to keep myself upright and a rasping groan rips from his throat. My eyes crack open at the sound and flick hazily down at where Damion is kneeling in front of me. Seeing that sharp gorgeous face at the apex of my thighs, his hands gripping me, his fingers filling me up. That single image tips me over the edge for a second time.

I let out a hoarse cry as I lose control again, my body clenching around his fingers as the waves of pleasure roll through me. The back of my head presses harder to the wall as I struggle to catch my breath. When I'm steady enough on my feet, he gently lowers my leg from my shoulder to the shower floor before standing in front of me at his full height again.
###chapter 64
Wrapped in the warm towel he'd given me, I walk out of the bathing room to find Damion standing by the large dark bed, muscled back to me.

"Are you okay borrowing one of my shirts tonight?" He asks as he rummages around in the trunk near his bed. I come up behind him, and when I don't respond he turns around, eyes questioning. With a hand flat on his chest, I push into him and he lets me, falling backward onto the massive bed. Still wrapped in my own towel, I climb on top of him, my legs straddle around his thighs, "You're crazy if you think you're going to find a way to get out of me reciprocating this time, Damion," I say.

"Lily-" he starts to warn me, but I cut him off.

"No, that's not going to work on me this time." I say, grinning down at him as I let my fingers trace down the hard planes of his chest.

He swallows hard, staring up at me beneath hooded deep red eyes, "I'm worried that once I give in, I'm going to going to lose myself to my berserker side. That I won't be able to stop."

His words make my insides heat to dangerous levels, "Lucia always said I'm drawn in by wild things too much," I say biting into my bottom lip and he watches the movement with rapt fascination, "It's a weakness of mine, always has been."

He groans in a way that sounds pained, "Well, you definitely draw out the crazed insatiable monster side of me that can't get enough of you."

I bend forward to trail kisses up his muscled chest, "Good, because I want it," I say in between kisses, "I want *every*  part of you."

I pause with my hands at the edge of his towel, and glance up to meet his eyes. My eyebrows tip up, making sure he's okay with it. He stares at me for a long moment, breathing hard. Slowly, he snakes his hands up to take hold of my fingers where they're latched onto the edge of his towel and directs my hands to unwrap the tie at the top. His towel loosens and the fabric falls to either side of his waist and his impressive cock stands at attention. 

Holy gods. My mouth goes dry at the sight.

He's huge.

He looks up at me with a lazy, heated smile watching as I obsessively take him in.

My fingers stroke up the length of him and he shudders. As I reach the end of his length, my fingers hover over the rounded, nearly bulbous base at the end of his cock that I don't recall having been a part of my last and only sexual encounter, "What is this?" I ask in a hoarse voice.

Damion's grin turns all smug arrogance, "My knot. It comes with the berserker territory. Once I'm buried to the hilt inside you it will expand, locking us together. It will probably take some time for you to work up to being able to take it, so we won't go that far *this* time. When you think you're ready for it, though, let me know. Don't let it scare you."

Holy shit. *Holy shit.* 

"Trust me," I say weakly before taking the time to think about what I'm saying, "I'm anything but scared right now."

Damion laughs quietly at my breathless admission, lying on the bed beneath me, his chiseled frame dominating the space. I yank off my own towel, fully naked for him again and stretch over him, my inner thighs burning slightly as I straddle his hips. Bracing myself with my hands on his chest, I lower my hips and rub the now drenched folds of my hot center over his hard length.

He groans loudly as I continue sliding over him, his muscles impossibly tense. His hands move from my hips, gliding up the curve of my sides to my breasts. He cups them in his large palms, tweaking at my nipples watching me with wine-colored hooded eyes as I writhe over him like he can't take his eyes off me.

When we're both panting with need, he flips us over in a single easy motion and takes the position on top. He drops his hips and presses his enormous cock teasingly over my swollen clit.

"Are you ready for me?" He asks on a low growl.

Yes. Gods, yes. More than ready.

"Are *you* ready for *me*?" I respond teasingly, giving him an arch look.

My coy response shocks a laugh out of him, "Fuck, you're perfect."

He smirks, lining up the head of his cock at my entrance, then oh so slowly pushes forward. I suck in a surprised breath at the hot hard feel of him pressing into me. A whimper escapes me at the impossible fullness of it, my nails digging into his back as he slides that hard length stopping only when he reaches the base of what he called his knot, not pushing it further like he'd said. His knot looks wide enough I wonder if I'll *ever* be able to take it inside of me. I'll look forward to trying it at some point, though.

And it feels *right*. Right in a way that nothing else ever has.

Damion's eyes scrunch shut like the pleasure is as overwhelmingly good for him as it is for me, which can't possibly be true.

I gasp as he pulls out to the tip before he pushes back in, working up to a mind melting rhythm. All there is, is heat and feeling and an insane amount of blissful pleasure as we rock our hips together, meeting each other stroke for stroke. He twists his hips, changing angles to reach down impossibly farther into me.

"Oh, gods," I moan, my breaths not coming easily anymore as pleasure jolts through me in sparks. He takes my mouth in a scorching kiss before pulling away to look down into my face, not breaking his punishing rhythm.

"You're mine now darling," he growls down at me, "There's no going back now. There's nowhere you could go that I wouldn't follow you. You're mine. Only mine."

His words have pussy pulsing around him, squeezing his cock in a death grip that has a groaning growl ripping up his throat.

"Damion," I gasp, clenching around him.

"Let go for me," he says, pounding into me unrelentingly with thrust after mind blowing thrust.

My orgasm takes me out of nowhere, crashing over me in a wave so hard that I scream, my nails clawing into his broad back.

He continues pounding into me as I come down from my high, with jerking wild thrusts, and the flash in his eyes is anything but tame. The sight makes my inner walls clench around him even tighter. I love it. Seeing him lose control is everything. He follows me over the edge with a shout. His hips crash into mine in a slowing rhythm and I cling to him tightly, not ready for it to end. 

He kisses the damp hair at my temple, and I lean into his lips, soaking up the last dregs of the high still pumping through me, my entire body going boneless in the aftershocks.

The warm feeling pumping through my chest as I stare up into his gorgeous face is unlike anything I've never felt in my entire life. And I don't know if it should scare me or not. All I know is that right now, everything in the world finally feels right.
###chapter 65
I wake up the next morning with a pleasant ache between my thighs, tangled up in dark sheets with my face buried in an enormous pile of pillows. I don't remember having fallen asleep last night, but when I crack my eyes open in the morning, there's a yellow ray of sunshine piercing through the the crack in the shuttered window. It takes me a moment to remember where I am. Damion's room. In Damion's *bed*.

After the blissful series of events that had happened in the shower and his bed last night, Damion had cleaned us both up.  He then brought over the tray- of the then lukewarm food- to the bed where he stretched out beside my boneless sleepy body and fed me forkful after forkful of food. He watched on with a dark and utterly satisfied look across his face.

"You like feeding me, don't you?" I'd teased him, in between bites.

"More than I probably should," he admitted. His lips - which were still slightly swollen around the edges from the hard kisses I'd laid across his mouth - tilted into a smirk as he held another forkful of food to my mouth. 

"It's my berserker side," he said, "It likes taking care of you- likes being the one to make sure that every last one of your needs is met. As it turns out, my berserker is a possessive, greedy bastard ," He said those last few sentences with a small snort and eye roll that made my heart thrum happily in my chest. 

I loved seeing this new joking, playful side of Damion- about as much as I had loved seeing the wild side he had shown me earlier. There was a swirl of yellow and gold in his eyes that told me that he'd been enjoying this time with me as much as I enjoyed being with him. I'd figured out that the yellow means he's happy or amused but I still haven't quite narrowed down what the deep shining gold color means yet.

"When am I going to get to meet this berserker side of you in person?" I asked while I chewed on a piece of melon he'd forked into my mouth. The sweet juice trickled onto my bottom lip as chewed, dripping to my chin. Before I could brush it away myself, he'd reached out to swipe away the liquid with his large thumb.

"Hopefully not for a good long while." He admitted. I lazily trailed my fingers, across the dark tattoos along his forearms, committing the beautiful dark images to memory.

"You don't want me to meet him?" I ask curiously before he'd put another fork full of food to my lips. I'd seen Xavier's bear form a few times when I'd been in Elfhame and I'd even seen Arden's hawk form on the ride back when she'd transformed to get a view of the trail. It only made me more and more curious about Damion's two other forms - what Xavier and Arden had told me were a monstrous black panther and his even more rare, berserker form.

"It's not that I don't want *you* to meet it. It's that I don't trust *it* with meeting *you*,"  he'd explained, leaving it at that. 

I'd accidentally fallen asleep quickly after that, cuddled into the crook of his arm, my head cradled in the space between his shoulder and chest. After sleeping on the hard ground over the last few days while we travelled to get here, laying in his bed is pure bliss. And laying next to Damion made it even better. I don't think I've ever been so comfortable in my entire life. 

But the large bed is empty when I wake up. I peek around blearily for the body that had been wrapped around me through the night and when I don't see it, my heart stutters with a brief jolt of panic.

"Damion?" I call out, still half asleep, voice groggy.

"I'm here," he says, in that smooth, calm voice, "Go back to sleep, sweetheart." 

I turn over in bed toward the sound of his voice to see his large shadowed form near his closet. His dark, slightly curling hair looks damp- like he's freshly showered. He's sitting in one of the large wingback chairs, lacing up a pair of black leather boots. Like he's getting ready to leave.

His eyes flash gold again as watches me push wavy tangled strands of my long white hair out of my face so I can see him better, still bundled up in his sheets, "Mmmmm what time is it?"

"Too early," Damion says. Finished with his boots, he stands from his chair and stalks over to the edge of the mattress, where I peek up at him from the pile of pillows I'm nearly buried in. 

His hooded eyes lock on me, "Fuck, I love seeing you in my bed. Too much for my own good." He bends over, lowering himself down to press a kiss to my temple, breathing in my scent and letting out a groan that sounds half pained.

I hum happily at the feel of his warm lips trailing over my skin, and turn my head a little to blink up at him blearily, "It would be better if you were in it with me." I tell him, "Where are you going?"

"Unfortunately,I have to get to a meeting" he growls as his lips move down to plant a kiss to my bare shoulder, "Though, I'd much rather stay here with you."

"What meeting?" I ask. The feel of his lips on my skin has ignited another fire low in my belly and I wonder what he'd do if I tug on the hem of that fresh set of clothes and drag him back into bed with me. Crap, even that simple thought has my blood igniting with heat.

He brushes my hair back with gentle fingers, "Leif stopped by to update me on some activity happening on the border. I need to go meet with a few of my captains and make a plan on how to move forward."

The heat in my veins cools at the reminder of the danger happening along the border - at the reminder that Unseelie are still attacking his people. I wish there were something I can do to help, wish I knew the first thing about strategy or planning for battle so I could relieve some of the stress he must be feeling. 

To his credit though, Damion doesn't *look* stressed. He looks completely at ease - like last night had taken away every ounce of tension he'd been feeling yesterday, leaving only quiet contentment in its wake. That was something at least.

I pull myself up into a sitting position, letting my fingers trace wistfully over the edge of his freshly- shaved jaw, "How long do you think your meeting will last?"

He leans into my touch, his eyes falling shut, "I have no idea," he sighs, "but I'll come find you when I'm finished. Mitra will be by to help you dress and bring breakfast."

"She's coming *here*?" I clarify. I don't know why, but the idea of the sweet elderly shifter woman seeing me in Damion's bed after everything that happened last night a blush heats my cheeks at the thought. 

Damion grins as if he knows exactly what I'm thinking, "Yes, and your guards will be coming by later as well. Try to get some more sleep though. You need rest after traveling for three days-"

I cut off his worried rant by yanking on the collar of his shirt and tugging him in for a kiss. It's a sweeter, slower kiss than any of the kisses we shared last night, but my blood still heats as his delicious taste fills my mouth. After a few moments, he forces himself back with a groan, resting his forehead against mine, his eyes now a shade of red, "If I don't make myself leave now, I won't make it to the meeting."

"Alright," I grin, before planting one last kiss on his cheek, "Try not to miss me too much," I joke, my smile turning mischievous as I lean back in his bed, letting the sheet dip dangerously low on my naked chest, "And whatever you do, *don't* think about me laying here in your bed, naked. We wouldn't want you to be distracted during your meeting or anything." 

He groans loudly scrubbing a hand over his face.  I laugh when he has to stop to adjust the now tight crotch of his pants. Damion gives me one last lingering look as he closes the door behind him that makes my heart swell in my chest. It's going to be a long day.
###chapter 66
Feeling too restless to stay in bed much longer, I slip into the shower to clean off any remaining evidence of last night from my skin. Spending so much time with Arden and Xavier the past few weeks in Elhame taught me a lot about shifters and their heightened sense of smell and sight. I'm not about to risk leaving anything on me from last night that the shifters might be able to pick up with their superior senses. That would be asking to be the center of Arden and Xavier's suggestive comments and bawdy jokes.

Coming out of the shower, I find that Mitra's laid out breakfast for me along with a set of clothing she'd laid out for me that she must have picked out closet. Seeing them brings a wave of relief because I wouldn't have to sneak across the corridor to my room like I'd been planning.

I'd been embarrassed earlier about the fact of running into Mitra in Damion's room- when it would be more than obvious *why* I was here. But seeing as how she'd slipped in and out - to give me privacy no doubt - leaves me with a pang of disappointment. I'd missed the shifter woman in the weeks I was gone and was looking forward to giving her a hug. Especially after the way she'd taken care of me before Damion had taken me to Elfhame.

 The dress she'd picked out for me is gorgeous- it's in a sunny shade of yellow that immediately reminds me of the color of Damien's when he's happy. The sleeves dipped off my shoulders and the light flowing skirt is easy to move in.

I take a few bites of breakfast at Damion's table near the massive black fire place before I decide that it feels too strange to just be lounging around in his room without him. I clear up the table for Mitra and head to the door, more than happy to go and spend some time in my own room across the corridor.

As I'm pulling Damion's bedroom door firmly closed, I'm startled when an unexpected voice sounds behind me, making me jump.

"Well, well, well," Arden drawls, teasingly, "Look who's sneaking out of the king's private chambers"



_______________________________________________________


***




"Apparently the King has been in *quite* the mood these past few weeks," Arden tells me from where she's crouched beside me, with a suggestive smirk.

I pause what I'm doing, my hands half buried in the soft garden soil. 

"What do you mean?" I ask.

 I'd asked Arden and Xavier if they could take me somewhere I could help with repairs and clean up after yesterday's storm. A part of me had been expecting for them to take me back to the library- the place I'd helped out last time- but I'd been pleasantly surprised when they had led me to the highest levels out into the massive gardens. 

For the last few hours I've been helping weed and plant and pick vegetables. The feel of the sunshine on my face is heavenly. I've always loved spending time in the gardens, but ever since my time in Elfhame, I've found a new love for the outdoors. I'm still getting used to the new flurries of energies that have been fluttering through me the past few weeks. 

My newfound ability in sensing the essence of the various plants and animals around me adds another layer to my enjoyment as I sift through how each plant and chirping bird and bug *feels* while I work.

"According to the soldiers who were here while we were gone," Arden continues, "our cold and collected, all- powerful leader has been *irascible* since he's returned from Elfhame. Apparently, he's been growling at anyone and everyone about even the littlest things.Very unlike him considering he's usually a rock when it comes to emotions. Sounds to me like a certain somebody missed you."

I glance over at Xavier for confirmation, and he nods grimly, "It's no wonder Leif risked his neck to get you back here. No one wants to deal with an irritable berserker. It's like asking for problems."

I roll my eyes, trying not to laugh at their dramatics and failing, "You two are by far the worst gossips I've ever met- and that's saying something considering I grew up in the fae courts."

Arden snorts, "I mean, is it really gossip if it's *true*?"

"*Yes*," I laugh, "It is."

"I like to think we're just passing along the news," Xavier drawls, dusting off soil from the leg of his trousers.

I huff, fighting back my smile as I shimmy my shovel through the dirt again, "You two are incorrigible." 

"That's why you love us," Arden croons.

I can't deny that fact at all, and shake my head in defeat, "True." 

We work out in the gardens through the entire morning, stopping for lunch in the early afternoon. All three of us are a mess when we make our way to the dining hall, though my mess is a little harder to hide in my light colored dress than their black uniforms.

Loose strands of my hair that managed to slip from my braid cling to the beads of sweat on the back of my neck. Streaks of dirt cling to my dress and there's mud under my nails that I can't get out no matter how long I wash them. I find that I don't mind it though- being outside has energized me in the best way.

Outside the dining hall, we're stopped by two guards. The pair of intense looking shifters are in full- uniform . I'm fairly sure I've never met them before, but Arden and Xavier clearly know them.

"Fiona, Pieter," Xavier greets them with a nod, his face shifting back to the serious guard expression he wears when he's all- business, "Do you need something?"

"Captain Alfson asked us to fetch the Princess and bring her to the King's meeting chambers," the woman, Fiona, says. Captain Alfson- she's talking about Leif, Damion's second in command. Why is he calling me in?

Xavier, Arden, and I share a brief look between us and Arden nods, "Lead the way."

_________________________________________________________

Damion and Leif are the only two people left in the meeting chambers when we arrive, though from the crooked state of the chairs and empty plates around the room, it looks to have been recently vacated. The two males appear to be deep in conversation, their voices low and tense as we're led into the room.

At the sound of our entrance, they both turn toward us. Leif appears stressed as he thanks Fiona and Pieter for bringing me before dismissing them. Damion's eyes find me immediately, the strained lines around his eyes and in his shoulders softening as his gaze roves over every inch of me.

He crosses the room in a few quick strides, pulling me into a quick searing kiss that leaves me blushing by the time he pulls away.

"How did your meeting go?" I ask him.

"About as I expected it would," he murmurs into my ear, "It was much longer than it needed to be considering how *distracted* I was."

A grin splits across my face at the call back to our conversation we'd had right before he'd left me in his bed.

"What have you been up to this morning?" He asks, tucking a strand of my loose braid behind my ear and a flash of heat prickles up my spine at the contact.

"We've been helping out in the gardens," I tell him, showing him my still dirt streaked hands, "And I'm afraid I'll probably need help if I'm ever going to get all this dirt off of me later." I murmur quietly, flashing him a wicked smile. 

His eyes flash red.

"We can all hear you, you know, " Leif grumbles.

"Then plug your ears," Damion snaps while Xavier and Arden try to fight their snickers and do a horrible job at it.

I have mercy on them and change the subject, "Is everything okay?"

Leif clears his throat, "We brought you here because there's some news we thought you should be aware of."

I spare him a quick glance before glancing worriedly back up at Damion,"What is it?"

Damion hesitates for only a moment, watching my reaction carefully as he says, "Your sister is here."
###chapter 67
"Your sister is here," Damion says, a grim look on his face.

Shock makes my muscles lock up, the muscles in my chest tighten. There's no way I heard that right.

"*Lucia* is here?"

Damion nods, his face carefully blank, "The guards informed us that she's standing outside our gates and is demanding to see you. She's refusing to talk to anyone else until she does."

I dip my chin in a nod, my pulse rushes in an unsteady rhythm in my ears, "Let's go, then."



_______________________________________________________





Damion takes me to an entrance of the mountain castle that I haven't seen before. And there, at the edge of the tree line, is my sister. She's in a set of deep green riding gear and armed by guards on both sides. And a shifter soldier kneels at her feet while two of her electrified fingers pointed threateningly into the man's jugular.

A *hostage*? I always knew my sister's magic was a deadly force to be reconned with. Having the ability to wield light and electricity is rare even among the fae courts. But seeing it in action is something else entirely. Seeing my prim and proper sister like this has my brain short- circuiting.

"Lucia?" I call out to her and at the sound of my voice, her gaze moves from the shifter guard at her feet to where I stand with Damion on one side and my guards on the other.

She looks so different than I've ever seen her. She's still as breathtakingly beautiful as she's always been, the sparkling golden opposite to my silver hued complexion. She's still summer personified. But she looks different in riding gear than she does in her usual dresses. All sharp angles and hard lines.

 Her gold hair is pulled back from her face, lending a better view of the dark circles under her eyes and now gaunter cheekbones. The glow she usually emanates from her skin -that glimmer of her light-based magic that subtly haloes her-  is dimmer somehow. Like she's exhausted. Frazzled.  

My last memories of my sister- from right before I had been given to the Unseelie- come rushing back. Flickers of memory of Lucia yanking me in for one last tight hug. The rushed words she'd whispered into my ear, "*Don't give up, Lily. Swear to me that you're not going to give up. You're going to make it through this. I'll come to see you as soon as I'm able to.*"

I swallow hard and push those tense memories away.

Relief passes over my sister's face when she sees me, and a sheen of thankful tears passes over her eyes before she quickly blinks them away.

"Lily," she breathes. Her voice only shakes a little, but I can still hear it, "Thank the gods. Hurry and get behind me. We're leaving. Now."

Damion, who has been a dark silent presence on my left noticeably stiffens. My guards heads whip in my direction. Their sudden tension takes me by surprise. *Do they think that I want to go back to the Seelie Court*? That I would just up and leave so easily after everything?

I take a small measured step toward Lucia, "Luce," I say slowly keeping my voice as soft as possible, "I'm not going to leave."

Lucia doesn't seem fazed by my words- her face says that she expected it. Expected me to push back. "I know you're scared," she says, "but you don't have to be. I have this situation under control. You can come home. I'll get you out of the contract with the Unseelie- I'll work things out with father-"

The strain in her voice tells me what she's sacrificing with that promise and tears spring to my eyes. I can't even imagine what she went through to get here, to come to the decision to risk everything to come and get me--  that cares enough to try and come and get me, to go against father, our people. My chest clenches painfully, "Lucia, *this* is my home now. A lot has happened these past few months. Let the shifter go and we can talk about it."

Her gaze narrows in my direction, "What do you mean *this* is your home? Have these monsters done something to you?" Her eyes shift pointedly to where Damion still stands as a dark silent sentry at my side. 

"These people are the opposite of monsters. Lucia, *look at me*," I say, "Really *look* at me. Do I look like I'm being hurt?"

She does as I ask, her gaze trailing over me and shock flitters over her golden face as realization sets in, "No," she admits, jaw strained, "you don't."

"They're not hurting me. They never have. In fact, I'm doing better than I ever have," I take another cautious step towards my sister, lowering my voice, "They found me a cure, Luce."

The expression that crosses her face is like she's been struck by her own lightening, "*What*?! But there was no cure the healers, they were so sure."

"There are things I need to tell you things about me, about our family"

"*What things*?"

"Let's go somewhere that we can talk privately-" My words are cut off when a ball of reddish orange explodes from the bushes and plows right at me.

"Alfie?" I croak. The fox, whines low in his throat, burrowing his warm, orange head around my ankles in greeting. He snuffles in agitation as if demanding to know where I've been and lets out another low whine. I bend down with a laugh, petting the dramatic little fox and dragging him in to kiss his soft little head.

"It's like the thing with the wolf all over again." I hear Arden grumble under her breath to Xavier behind me. Alfie continues circling my legs as I stand back up from my crouch.

"I kept him safe for you like I promised," Lucia says on a sigh and shoots him a scolding look, "he was *supposed* to stay near the horses."

Whatever tension had radiated from my sister before fades, the sharp rigid set of her body softening around the edges in reluctant acceptance. As her arms fall to her sides, letting her hold on her electricity go. The shifter at her feet relaxes and shuffles backward away from her and a pair of shifter guards help the poor- clearly shaken - male to his feet.

I cross the small distance to my sister and she meets me half way. I throw my arms around her slight frame and she hugs me back, tightly. Happy tears prickle at my eyes and trail down my cheeks. I hadn't realized how much I've missed my sister until this moment. The familiar soft floral scent of her perfume tickles my nose and I relax further into her. 

She sighs and the loose strands of my braid flutter at her sharp breath, "Things just got really complicated, didn't they?"

Unable to find my voice, I nod in agreement. They definitely did.

###chapter 68
After a tense walk through the tunneled hallways, Damion and my guards escort both Lucia and me to my bedroom. Lucia pauses in the doorway, waiting for me to follow her inside.

"Go ahead," I urge her forward, "I just need a minute."

Lucia's eyes dart back and forth between Damion and me, the lines around her green eyes tightening, "Alright."

When the door clicks shut behind her, I turn to face Damion where he stands silently by. He hasn't said much since my sister showed up unannounced and a part of me is worried that I just added another layer of stress to all of the other thing's he's somehow precariously balancing.

Xavier coughs uncomfortably from where he and Arden stand a few paces back, "So that's the sister, huh?" Both of their faces are pulled tight in a grimace.

Despite myself, I smile, a soft snort escaping, "Yeah, that's Lucia."

"We'll give you two some space," Arden says, shoving Xavier's shoulder, "Come find us if you need anything."

I thank them and they disappear up the hallway, out of sight. 

"I'm sorry about that," I wrap my arms around myself peering up into the smooth lines of Damion's face. His lips curve into a soft smile, his hand comes up between us cupping my jaw gently. His thumb snaking up to gently trace my cheekbone, sending shivers up my spine.

"Lily, you don't ever have to apologize to me," he tells me firmly, "She's your sister, of course she was worried about you."

"She held one of your guards hostage and threatened to *kill* you-" I remind him with a grimace, "I feel like that warrants an apology."

"I would have done a lot worse in her position, so I can't exactly blame her much," he admits.

*Well, when he put it that way*.

My lips tip up at the corners and I reach out to grab his hand, lacing our fingers together. 

"Is it really okay with you that she's here?" I don't think that Lucia would hurt anyone while she's here, but I could understand it if Damion is hesitant to take that risk considering the trouble he's been having with the Seelie Court.

"Of course it's fine," he says, brow furrowing, "I want you to feel comfortable here." He swallows hard, and there's a rare flash of what looks like vulnerability that flickers across his face so quickly I almost miss it.

I squeeze his hand gently where our fingers are laced together, "Then what's bothering you?"

A muscle in his jaw ticks and a tension that hadn't been there earlier when we'd been in the meeting chambers together tightens his shoulders. His eyes flash to mine and he huffs out a breath, "I'm honestly not used to having someone being able to read me so well. It'sunnerving."

A surprised laugh bursts out of me, "Well start getting used to it." I tease, shouldering him. "You're not as hard to read as you think you are."

"Not to you it would seem," he grumbles, "but that's because I still haven't figured out how to keep my emotions in check around you."

I raise my eyebrows at him expectantly, waiting.

He sighs, giving in, rubbing a hand roughly around the back of his neck, "Do you remember that night we spent together in Elfhame? Our conversation when we got back to the room together?"

Of course I remember it. That night is scorched into my mind in the best way possible. I don't say that though, instead I just nod and wait for him to continue. 

"I meant what I said that night," he continues, "When I told you that I've never wanted to push the Bond on you.  I don't want you to feel trapped into anything with me."

"Damion-" I start to start to say.

He puts his fingers gently to my lips to stop my interruption, "Hold on, let me get this out or else I might not have the will power to force myself to do this later." 

I swallow hard and nod, and when my lips close back together, he pulls his fingers away. 

"I've felt drawn to you from the moment I met you, wanted you from the moment I laid my eyes on you. *You* are what I want and I've had plenty of time to figure things out and know that you're *it* for me Lily." His voice is a low rough admission that sounds like it's being ripped straight from his soul. 

My pulse is hammering so hard I'm positive he can hear it. I can barely breathe. His words send warmth and heat spreading through me in a rushing wave. I swallow roughly hanging off of his every word.

He continues, "And while I've had plenty of time to decide that for myself, I know that you haven't had as much time figure out your own path. You're just now getting to experience your life and I don't want to take that from you. I don't want to force any decisions on you when you're still sorting through it all. So I need you to know that if you want to go with your sister- if that's where you feel like you want to be - I'm not going to keep you here. No one is forcing you or guilting you into staying."

My heart is thundering so loudly it's almost painful. 

Is that really what he's worried about? He's worried about taking my freedom, my choice in all of this away from me? Hot tears prick at the back of my eyelids and it's a struggle to swallow them away.

I've never had someone in my life care about me, respect my decisions and feelings the way that Damion does. Never had someone risk their own happiness for the sake of my own before. And the feelings rushing through me are so grateful, so *full* I don't know what to make of them. Don't know what to do with the onslaught of emotions.

I blink away the moisture building in my eyes and reach up to grab his face between my hands, tugging down enough that I can press my lips to his. Shocked by the suddenness of it, his lips are frozen under mine for a moment and then he's kissing me back. His lips are just as desperate against me as mine are pressing to his. 

When I pull away, we're both breathing hard.

"I'm not going anywhere Damion," I tell him firmly, resolutely, "There's no where else I'd rather be than to be here with *you*. Please don't doubt that for even a second. You're not taking any choices away from me. You are the *only* choice. The only one I want. And I'd make the same choice over and over. Every. Single. Time. Alright?"

His face softens to something like incredulity, and the black in his eyes shifts to such a deep gold that it appears molten, "I can't believe you're real," he admits with a low gravelly whisper. 

I pinch my bottom lip between my teeth and against all my best efforts, a tiny tear trails down my cheek. He kisses it away with a quick brush of his lips, "I was just thinking the same thing about you." I whisper back.




###chapter 69
I find Lucia trailing her fingers along my book shelf, inspecting my room with a curious eye. She looks even more exhausted than she had outside, like all the adrenaline has finally worn off, leaving her bone- tired. 

"This is your room?" Lucia asks as I shut the door clicks closed behind me, "It suits you."

I walk over to where my sister stands, "It does," I agree and meet her gaze with a smile, "Damion actually set it up for me."

"The Shifter King?" Lucia asks skeptically, "That was the shifter king who  just escorted us here? We're talking about the same person right?"

I shake my head, somewhat amused at her skepticism, "Yes, *that* Damion." 

"Well, I can't argue with his taste," she admits though it sounds like it pains her, "He obviously knows you pretty well if this is what he chose."

I grin looking around the happy, light colored space again. He really had done a good job with it. The creamy shades of white and blues, the bookshelves, the fresh wildflowers that someone must have replaced while I'd been gone, the harp in the corner.  The way that the sunlight filters into the room, hitting the stone walls in such a way that it causes the imbedded crystals to sparkle, giving everything an ethereal and dreamlike quality. Beautiful and comfortable and bright. I've loved it from the moment I got here.

"And you two" Lucia hesitates, running a tired hand down her face, as if unable to find the right words, "You're, *together*?"

I nod, leaning against the shelf beside her, "Yeah, we are."

She lets out a heavy breath, "Wow."

I nod again, chewing on the inside of my cheek. *Wow* was right. I watch my sister, carefully, waiting to see what her reaction will be. She doesn't seem angry or upset. Just like she's processing everything. She studies the room again, chewing on the nail of her thumb.

"Alright," she sighs, throwing herself into the armed chair near the fire place, "you're going to have to start from the beginning. And don't leave out any details."

So I do.

I spend the next few hours telling Lucia everything that had happened over the last few months after I'd been taken away from the Seelie Court. From the way that the Unseelie treated me and the way that Damion had saved me from them. How he'd brought me back to his home. She lets me talk without interruptions up until I get to the part about our family. About what I learned about not being full fae, but half elf as well. 

When I tell about what I've learned and how Damion and my friends had helped me get a cure she stands from her chair, pacing around the room.

"Holy fuck," she breathes, tugging on the ends of her hair, "That's huge, Lily."

"I know," I twist a strand of hair around my fingers to as I watch her pace, "Do you think that father knew? About mother and Calden?"

She loops her hands around her neck pausing to face me, "I mean if he did, I can't imagine he'd let her live."

"You don't think" I start to say, trailing off.

"*No*, no way. Father wouldn't have I mean I don't think he would have kept you alive if he'd known. He's not exactly the forgiving type."

I cringe, "Yeah, I guess that's true."

"Gods," she groans, "our family is a mess." 

I finish telling her everything about my time with the elves and my newfound connection to Damion. She takes the rest of the information surprisingly well. And we end up plopped down on the bed together, flipping through the diaries Elandorr had given me. It isn't as intimidating or overwhelming to read through the diaries with my sister helping me for emotional support. 

We're pulled out of our deep dive into our parents when there's a knock on my bedroom door. 

"Come in," I call out, not bothering to get up from where I'm sprawled out next to Lucia, knowing that whoever is outside will be able to hear me.

The door creaks open and Arden and Xavier peek their heads in. They're toting trays of food.  Distantly, I notice that Lucia stiffens beside me. Xavier hesitates by the door but Arden pushes her way into the room like she owns the place the way she always does and it makes me grin. 

"We got stopped before we could make it to lunch," Arden says to me, "so we figured you might want an early dinner. We knew you'd be starving since you didn't have your usual *second* round of breakfast. Not to mention we skipped snack, and your typical first and second lunches."  

A loud laugh bursts out of me at the reminder of how much I'd been eating when we were at Elfhame together. While my energy had been recovering and I'd been spending a lot of time recharging it left me with an overwhelming appetite. It felt like we'd spent more time in the dining area than anywhere else. Arden and Xavier had even taken to carrying snacks in their pockets for me.

I'd been so immersed in my conversation with Lucia that I hadn't even noticed the growing pit in my stomach. I really was getting hungry. 

"You guys are starting to know me a little *too* well," I grin and they both snicker when my stomach growls confirming that fact. My stomach pulls me up from my sprawled position on the bed and over to the table, my mouth watering as the smells of fresh baked bread and cheese and meat waft into my face. 

 Lucia follows me to the table and lowers herself into the seat next to me, and there's a strained moment when my sister and my two guards blatantly eye one another as if sizing one another up. 

The tension breaks when I snort a laugh, saying around a mouthful of food, "The way you three are looking at each other, you'd think you were about to step into a fighting ring instead of eating dinner." The words come out garbled with the amount of bread I'd just shoved into my mouth.

Arden and Lucia break into hesitant grins, though Xavier keeps his stony expression, still standing a few paces away with us arms crossed over his chest.

"I mean," Arden says before picking up a piece of fruit and shoving it into her mouth, "she did just hold someone hostage a few hours ago, so it's not totally uncalled for-"

Lucia tips her head in challenge, "I did, and I'd do it again if I needed to. Lily's my baby sister. Though," her face twists uncomfortably for a moment like she has to choke her next words out, "She did tell me how you helped her get healed. That you stayed with her, protected her when I didn't. So I wanted to thank you. For everything you did for my sister."

"We didn't do it for you." Xavier grumbles, "we did it because she's our friend. But we appreciate the sentiment." 

"Awww that was sweet Xay," I grin up at him, "I always knew you liked me." I waggle my eyebrows teasingly. 

Xavier grunts, like he's annoyed, "I've already told you not to call me that."

My grin widens, "Stop, you love it. Now are you going to sit down or are you going to keep hovering over there like a weirdo?" 

Arden full laughs at that and kicks out the chair beside her for him to take. He only hesitates for a moment before lowering himself into the chair almost as stiffly as Lucia had and I have to stifle another laugh at his surly expression.

And just like that, the mood between them evens out to something resembling friendly. Almost all of my favorite people in the same room without killing each other. Two crazy worlds colliding in a way that was unreal but amazing all the same. 

I can't stop smiling so hard my cheeks hurt.



*****



I accidentally fall asleep on the bed next to Lucia sometime after Xavier and Arden leave to go back to their rooms. I'd left my bedroom door cracked so I could hear when the one across the hall opened. I'd been listening for it, so when the door across the hall softly creaks open, I blink awake.

Damion had left for another meeting and then went along with a patrol group scouting the borders for signs of another attack. I'd wondered when he would get back, a part of me worried he'd get caught up in something while he was gone - that he'd get hurt and I wouldn't know. 

Hearing that simple sound of his door loosens my knotted stomach, and eases my frayed nerves. Checking to make sure that Lucia is still sleeping, I slide out of bed and patter quietly across the hall.
###chapter 70
Checking to make sure that Lucia is still sleeping, I slide out of bed and quietly make my way across the hall, bare feet brushing softly on cool stone.

I hesitate for only a moment at the door across from my own, then knock. Damion must have been standing near his door because it only takes a second for the door to pull open and he's suddenly there, staring down at me.

He's not wearing a shirt, like he was in the middle of undressing when I interrupted, and my mouth goes dry at the unexpected sight of his bare skin. At the swirling black lines of black tattoos that I love tracing my fingers over. The hard planes of sculpted muscles that I just want to press into. He's a work of art that I could stare at for hours.

He blinks down at me with hooded black eyes, "Why are you knocking?"

His question takes me aback, "Sorry, I know you're probably tired," I say, "I just wanted to see you, to make sure you're alright."

His dark eyebrows draw together in confusion, then understanding dawns in his eyes. His arms snakes out to grab me, gently tugging me through the doorway, "That's not what I meant, darling. I wasn't asking why you were knocking because I wanted to know what you were doing here. What I was asking you was why did you *knock*. You don't *knock* on my door, this space is as much yours as it is mine. I *want* you here."

His words send a spear of warmth through me, "Oh," I say and it comes out more breathily than I mean it to.

His lips tilt up at the corners, "Yeah, *oh*."

Shutting the door behind us, he pulls me in for a quick heated kiss --a fast greeting that doesn't last more than a few seconds, but still takes my breath away and makes my heart beat in a stutter. As he pulls away, there's a barely perceptible stiffness to his motions- not quite a wince, but close. But it's so unlike his normally smooth movements that I notice.

When I pull away to get a better look at him, I see bloody lines on his side half bandaged and I suck in a quiet gasp.

"Gods, Damion, are you alright?" 

"What- oh, that." He looks like he wants to brush it off like it's nothing, but it's *not* nothing, emphasized by the fact that there's blood still dripping down his side, staining the top band of his black riding pants.

"Yes, that! What happened?"

"There was a small incident at the border-"

*Small?* I've seen Damion fight, and if he'd managed to get injured like this it must have been more serious than something small.

"Are you alright?" I ask again, eyeing the large piercing cut, worry making my voice tight, "We should get you to a healer."

"It's really nothing," he says with a tilt to his lips that says that he finds my worry over him endearing, "Shifters tend to heal more quickly than others. This isn't as bad as it probably looks to you- it should heal by itself by morning. It probably won't even leave a mark."

I chew worriedly over my bottom lip as I consider his words, taking in the gash again -if I had a cut like that, it would take at least a few weeks to scab over and heal up. "Do you have any bandages?" I ask,  "At least let me help you get it cleaned up."

His eyebrows come together, something in his eyes flickering like he's not used to having someone worry over him, "You don't have to, Lily-"

"I *want* to," I say, pushing him to sit down on the couch near his fireplace, and he lets me- his frame so sizable that I know I wouldn't be able to push him around anywhere he didn't want to go unless he allowed me to, "Now where do you keep the bandages?"

He tells me where to find it, and I feel his eyes on me as I move around the room collecting the supplies I need from the chest near his bed before stopping off in the bathing chamber to grab a dampened washing cloth. Supplies in hand, I hurry back over to where he's waiting for me and kneel down on the couch beside him.

I move the warm damp fabric over his skin, cleaning up the dripping blood, careful not to get too close to the wound.

"What happened?"

"Stray arrow," he says nonchalantly, like it's nothing, but my eyes still widen as I work, "The arrow wasn't even meant for me, but the Unseelie can't aim for shit. The shot didn't stick, it just grazed past me while I was finishing with a few others. I barely felt it when it happened."

I chew on the inside of my cheek as I move on to drying the area, "It must have more serious than that if it managed to get past your fighting leathers."

He grimaces and admits, "You'd be right if I'd been wearing my leathers."

My eyes flash up to him with a worried look, but his eyes aren't on my face, they're stuck on where my fingers work on his warm skin, "We hadn't been expecting a fight, we were scouting along the border where we had last seen a group of Seelie soldiers around the area where they're usually spotted attempting to do their mining. We were only meant to be doing a bit of reconnaissance, but a group of unseelie managed to surprise us. You don't need to worry about it though, there were more of us than of them so it was over quickly."

I let out a slow breath, making a mental note to ask more about that later, before putting my focus back on the task in front of me. With gentle fingers, I smooth on a bit of salve onto the wound that will keep it from getting infected and as I work, he sucks in a breath.

"Fuck me," he groans under his breath, his voice strained like he's in pain, and my fingers stop moving on his skin.

 "Did I hurt you?"

My eyes fly to his, which are squeezed closed in what looks like discomfort, but when they open, they've shifted to a sparkling wine shade of red- it's a shade of red that I recognize easily after last night. It's a color that has my thighs squeezing together. 

"You didn't hurt me," he explains, voice strained. His jaw flexes, and he rubs a hand over his eyes, "Those gowns you wear at night."

 I glance down at the thin white material that dips a little low on my collar bone  but isn't scandalous by any means, "My night clothes?" I ask him bewildered.

He swallows roughly, the pulse jumping in his neck, "The memory of you in those has kept me up at night more than is probably healthy."

I grin, a silent laugh shaking through me as I go back to finishing placing the bandage over the now clean wound, "You mean from that night during the earth storm?" I ask.

He nods, his lips tilting up in a wry grin, though his eyes still pulse with that same deep shade of red.

I remember that night a little too well myself. The night he'd barged into my room in the middle of the night and carried me up to the gardens. He'd been shirtless that night, and I'd be lying if I hadn't thought extensively of the feel of his hot skin through the thin material of my night dress on more than one occasion. 

The night he'd kissed me for the first time.

"Crouching over you," he says, "while you were wearing *that*. It was like my own personal hell and heaven all at once." He rubs a hand roughly over his jaw, "I knew I shouldn't have kissed you, but every part of me was so drawn to every part of you-" his voice cuts off, strained, as I lean in closer.


###chapter 71
"Crouching over you," Damion says, "while you were wearing *that*. It was like my own personal hell and heaven all at once." He rubs a hand roughly over his jaw, "I knew I shouldn't have kissed you, but every part of me was so drawn to every part of you-" his voice cuts off, strained, as I lean in closer to him without meaning to.

I rub my lips together, my tongue snaking out dampen them where they'd gone dry and his eyes mark the movement, tracking it, as a flush heats my cheeks, staining them, "Well, I wasn't faring any better that night," I admit with a breathy laugh, "you coming into my room with all of *this* on display." I motion to his naked chest, "I thought my heart was going to combust."

He chuckles, a low rumbling sound in his chest and he reaches out to snag my hand, pressing his lips to my palm in a heated kiss that makes my stomach flip over itself and warmth to spread through every inch of my body. He uses that hand to tug me into his lap and I fall onto him, willingly. 

My legs part over his until I'm straddling his thighs, my chest pressed to his hot one. The burning ache that we'd stoked to life last night, that had been simmering just below the surface- the same one that had never fully left- roars back to life in an instant.

I need his hands on me now- more like five minutes ago.

I grasp onto his shoulders as he presses kisses to my jaw, down the length of my neck, and he groans low in his throat, "Gods, I don't think I'll ever get enough of you. Enough of this. Of your smell- the feel of your skin."

The press of his kisses has my hips rocking against his lap where I can feel he hard evidence of what he's saying straining against his pants and along my inner thigh. A breathy moan slips from between my lips at the feel of the sweet friction there. 

All at once, Damion stands. He holds me tightly against his chest and I wrap my legs around his hips as he carries me over to his bed in a blur of steps that leave me breathless. And in one quick move, the gown is ripped over my head, laying in pile on the floor. 

Bare now, except for the thin scrap of lacy fabric that acts as my underclothes, I writhe against him as he kisses his way down my body with heated lips. He tosses me onto the bed and my body automatically protests the lack of him against me. But before I have the chance to voice any complaints, he's dragging my to the edge of the bed until I'm aligned with the edge.

Breathing hard, he pauses momentarily as he pushes my thighs apart for him. *What is he doing?*

My question ends in a gasp of surprise as his teeth rip through the fabric of my underclothes. It isn't a practiced move, rather more like the flimsy scrap of lace personally offended him and he wanted to ruin them for standing between me and him. A sharp jerk of his fingers slices through the remaining fabric on either side of my hips and I suck in a breath at the sudden disappearance of the friction there.

"Barbarian," I laugh on a gasp.

"Only when it comes to you."

Any other words are cut off at the scalding press of his tongue stroking over the entire length of me, sucking and teasing along my core. 

It feels so good that any and all thoughts melt away except for *more, more, more.*

He sucks and teases me until I'm a whimpering writhing mess, my insides winding up so tightly I can feel the end in sight when he pulls away. He stands  up and grabbing my waist, he pushes me up the bed. Before I can protest, he flips us both until I'm straddling him once again as I had been on the couch.  Only this time, I'm higher up his body, hovering over the hard bare planes of his chest.

Laying on his back now, Damion stares up at me with heated, hooded eyes and lifts me by my hips until my slick core is hovering over his mouth.

"If you want a release, Lily, you're going to have to take it," he says in low rumbling voice, dark and steeped in velvet, "I want to watch as you come undone this time."

He doesn't need to tell me twice. With one hand on the headboard to steady myself and the other grasping onto the base of one of his horns, I slowly lower myself the rest of the way until I'm pressed up against his hot damp mouth. When his tongue darts out to spear into me, I gasp out a moan.

"Fuck, Damion," I gasp, rocking into his lips, rolling my hips as I find what feels good and press forward until I'm building up a rhythm. Damion's hands on my waist help support my weight as I grind into the hot press of his mouth and his tongue with desperate disjointed movements. Heat jolts through me as his tongue strokes my inner walls. And I crash wildly over the edge.

My head falls back as I cry out riding wave after wave of bliss my body clenching around his tongue, legs shaking so hard I can barely stay upright except for the fact that Damion's strong hands hold me up, supporting me. 

"So fucking beautiful," he says, and when I'm able to open my eyes again I see that his pupils are blown out and he's breathing just as hard as me. As I come down from my high, my own breathing starting to even out, I know that wasn't nearly enough. I need more.

I work kisses down his body, until I reach the hem of his pants and I unbuckle them quickly with unsteady fingers. His hands come up to help me as I tug them down his body, revealing every perfect inch of him. I press a kiss to the hard steel of his straining length and his cock twitches at the press of my lips. 

"Fuck, Lily, if you want me to last-"

His words cut off sharply as I  wrap my lips around the head of his cock, sucking him into my mouth, my tongue lapping at the head of him.

"*Fuck*-" the curse is torn from him on a shuddering groan, "*Are you trying to kill me*?"

With my mouth around his cock, I grin up at him beneath my eyelashes and another low rumbling groan tears from his chest. The look in his eyes is more wild than I've ever seen it- so red his eyes border on black to where he looks like he's about to tear out of his skin. *I love it*.

I love it when he loses control like that. Love being the one to bring him to the point where his control is hanging by a thread.

Taking mercy on him, I climb back up his body until my slit is centered over the now damp head of his length. He keeps his hands around my waist steadying me, lining me up. I drop down with a roll of my hips, letting gravity pull me down further and further onto him. Until I'm blessedly stretched and full. But I still want more---

"You feel so fucking good." He says roughly, pressing his hips up until his knot teases at my clit. I rub that oversensitive ball of nerves against his knot, sliding against him with a shudder. There's no self-consciousness in the way I was writhe against him with a needy moan. I use my thighs to leverage myself taking him deeper.

"I want-" I start on a gasping breath, and hesitate, not knowing how to voice what it is I'm feeling right now.

"What?" He rumbles up at me with hooded eyes, his hands coming up to cup my breasts, teasing at the nipples, "Tell me and it's yours."

Without thinking, I rock my hips rock against him again and shudder at the hot heavy feel of him, "I want to try taking your knot," I tell him on a gasp.

He stills for a moment, his eyes going impossibly darker, before his full lips tilt up in a dark heated grin, "Anything you want, darling. Just tell me if it gets to be too much."
###chapter 72
He flips us over until I'm the one pressed into the mattress and he's the one hovering over me

"Legs up," he demands. And I happily comply, throwing my thighs over his shoulders. I grab the back of my knees pulling them back to my chest, opening myself up for him. My calves bouncing on his muscular shoulders.

He slowly begins to rock his hips, sliding in and out of me- starting in small slow grinds and working his way to longer deeper thrusts. Rocking into me over and over, making my pussy convulse and my brain go blank, my only coherent thought is that I hope he doesn't stop. *Oh, gods, don't stop.*

His fingers grip tightly to my hips, getting better leverage and it's the most gloriously satisfying feeling. I'm barely able to remember how to breathe it's so good. And then that thick press of his knot presses against my center seeking access. That first heavy press reminds me how big he his- how massive his knot is and a single pulse of worry threads through me on if he'll *fit*.

He grins down at me wickedly, like he can read my thoughts.

"Relax for me, darling," he hums, voice rumbling through his chest, "you can take it."

I focus on doing what he says, on relaxing my inner walls - he waits until he feels my body relax beneath him, waits until I rock my hips in an urge for him to continue forward and then he does.

*It. Is. So. Much.*

My inner walls stretch impossibly wide for him. Like he's permanently imprinting himself on my body, on me. I love it. I love every single thing about it. 

"Look at you. You're taking me so well," Damion groans, pressing all the way forward. I make a noise somewhere between a squeal and a sigh as his knot settles inside of me and seems to inflate even bigger, "My good, sweet little Bond."

I can feel him everywhere. I feel his knot, fusing us together. Despite the impossibility of it all, his massive size, he feels made for me.

"How long will we stay like this?" I ask breathlessly.

He grins heatedly down at me, "Hopefully a good long while." 

I laugh a little but it quickly turns into a surprised moan as my movements make me shift on his knot. His jaw tightens as my pussy clenches around him tightly. I shift my hips slightly and just that small movement stimulates everything. And an orgasm I hadn't even felt coming tears through me. My back arches and a scream of pleasure rips up my throat as I ride out the stringing waves of pleasure.

Damion groans low in his throat as I clench around him, the walls of my core fluttering around him with aftershocks. "*Too good. Too fucking perfect.*" He says. His words have pussy pulsing around his cock, squeezing it in a death grip that has a groaning growl ripping up his throat. His fingers dig into my hips as his cock flexes and swells inside me, with his own pleasure. He shouts as he tumbles over the edge behind me, pouring into me with heated liquid again and again.

As he comes down from his own high, he scoops me up and flips us over again to where  his back is propped against the headboard, with me straddling his lap, my legs wrapped around his back.

"Oh, my gods," I pant into him, his hot chest pressed against mine as I try to breathe through it. 

It is so much sensation that it borders on overwhelming, and yet there's something missing. Because as wave after wave of pleasure rolls through me, I feel an ache in my neck and anoverwhelming desire to *bitten*. My body craving a slice of sharp to counterbalance the rolling waves of blissful pleasure racking through me. I claw at his chest, at the sheet beneath him, trying to ground myself. All of these orgasms are obviously making me not think clearly, messing with my head. Because that's*insane*, isn't it? Wanting to be bitten like that.

Except, for a moment, I wonder if it's a shared moment of insanity because I could have sworn that Damion's maroon shade of eyes are fixated on my neck before he scrunches them closed, holding his entire body still for a moment until he regains his composure.

*He felt it too, right?*

As blissed out as I am, I don't worry as much about what his reaction will be to the madness of it all as I ask him, "Why do I want you to bite me right now?"

My sudden question makes his body tense under mine which sends off another wave of orgasms rippling through us and I barely suppress another scream of pleasure as  the waves of heat ripple through me again and again.  My toes curl as Damion now tenses beneath me for an entirely different reason.  I shudder uncontrollably as one peak rolls right into the next, my inner walls squeezing down on his knot until he curses as his pleasure takes him again. More heat spills into me as his head falls back against the back of the headboard.

On a shuddering breath, he says in a low voice, his breath a warm brush against the shell of my ear, making me shiver, "It's a shifter thing," he admits, "Shifters bite their mates necks in a way to mark them from other shifters. To warn others off-  it's a physical marking that they're spoken for." 

My sweat slicked chest shudders against him as I try to catch my breath, "A shifter thing, not just a berserker thing?"

His head tilts up and down against me in a nod, "Every mated shifter pair feels the urge to bite and mark their mates, not just berserkers."

"So, I'm not crazy then," I say with a relieved laugh.

 "Not crazy at all," he says, voice rough, as his hands stroke a path down my sides, "I just wasn't expecting you to feel those same urges, with you not being a shifter." His lips press to my neck in a kiss, working his way to my jaw.

"Are you going to bite me, then, Damion?" I ask breathlessly.
###chapter 73
"Are you going to bite me, then, Damion?" I ask breathlessly. The idea doesn't scare me at all. In fact, I'm so hopped on the rush of the moment that all I feel is desire. Desire and that subtle thrumming in my neck that's aching for the sharp curve of his teeth.

"Fuck," he curses low under his breath, his face buried in the crook where my shoulder and neck meet, his breath is a warm tickle on my sweat-slick skin that has me shuddering against him. His breathing is uneven as if he's fighting back from doing just that. Fighting against every wild and crazy instinct that has taken over both of us. "I want to-  gods, I want to. More than anything. I want to bind you to me in every possible way. I want everyone to know you're mine when we walk into a room. Want every shifter to sense my mark on you." 

He shudders against me, breathing in my scent again- like he can't get enough of it, enough of *me*- and it sets off another round of orgasms pulsing through us both. Fire and lightening shimmer behind my eyelids and I can't catch my breath. Heat and ice explode through my veins in equal parts and my entire system feels like its detonating in on itself in the best way possible. 

My inner walls clenching around him, heat from him pulsing into me, and he  rides the high down from his own pleasure with a ragged groan.

"Then do it." I tell him on a gasp as I come off that same high- the high from both the orgasm and his words. Right now, I can't imagine wanting anything more than him. Wanting anything more than this sweet euphoria that I never want to come down from, "I *want* you to do it."

He leans forward and kisses that spot on my neck, his teeth scraping the oversensitive skin there and I let out a desperate moan, rocking against him.

"Not yet-" he says, pulling back and stroking a strand of damp hair from my forehead, and when I meet his eyes, they're as glazed over as mine feel. It takes a moment for his words to register.

*Not yet?*

"Why not?" I ask him, trying to stay focused on the conversation and not all the places we're touching. All the sensations he's igniting in me.

"I don't think now is the best time for you to be making life- altering decisions. As much as I want to, I don't want you to do something you'll regret."

*This man. Always so protective of my choice in all of this.* I wonder what it will take for him to see that it's him that I want. That I'm not going to change my mind.

"I'm not going to regret it," I try to reassure him.

"Then you'll still want it next time. There's no rush." He grins up at me like he's won. I roll my eyes, but decide that he's probably right. As much as I want him to sink his teeth into me this instant, there's not any real reason to rush things. If he wants to wait to hear the truth from me when he's not buried inside of me, then I suppose I can do that for him.

I don't know how long we stay like that. So long that I feel washed out and made new all at the same time. We ride out the pleasure until we're both boneless. So spent that we can't be bothered to move. Eventually as we stop moving, I feel the strain- the fullness of Damion's knot start to deflate enough that he's able to untangle from me. 

I lay sprawled across his sweat slicked chest as our breathing evens out. And eventually, I'm so exhausted that I fall asleep, warm and comfortable, pressed up on his chest with his arms around me. I drift off to sleep with the overwhelming sensation of being *home*. That I've found my home for possibly the first time in my life.



***********************



 I wake up to the feel of Damion idly toying with strands of my hair.

Through his window, I can see the first soft gray light peeking through the cracks. It's already morning. I  stayed here way longer than I intended to- been away from Lucia longer than should have. She may already be awake and wondering where I disappeared to. 

I know Damion and I both need to get up, to go get cleaned up soon, but don't want to move. Instead I turn my head enough to peek up at him. His sleepy eyes- in a dark golden shade- squint down at me in a tired smile.

"Good morning," I say.

He leans forward to press his lips against mine, before pulling back.

"Morning." His eyes look so content. Like he loves me being in his arms- being the first thing he sees when he wakes up- as much as I love being there.

"Last night was-" I start, unable to find a word to describe how last night had been. Words like 'Incredible' and 'amazing' don't seem to do it justice.

His lips tilt up into a smug masculine smile, "It was," he agrees, hearing my lack of words for what it is.

"I need to go wash off-" I start with a sigh.

"*Don't*," the word is out of his mouth seemingly without thinking, and I feel his body suddenly tense beneath me as I look down at him curiously. He rubs a rough hand over his sleep rumpled hair, his face, "Shit, sorry. I have never feltterritorial like this before. It'sunnerving."

"Territorial over what exactly?" I ask curiously.

He clears his throat, rubbing the back of his neck, "Because we didn't seal the Bonding last night, it turns out my berserker side is extremely against the idea of you washing my scent from your skin. It's beingmore possessive today than usual," he admits, "Though, that side of me is already a territorial and greedy bastard. I wondered if being with you so much last night would help relieve some of that tension, but it seems to have made my need to mark youeven more intense somehow."

His words surprise me, "IsAre you going to be okay?" I ask chewing worriedly on my bottom lip. I don't want him to be uncomfortable or in any pain because of me- because of last night. He watches the movement with avid interest before leaning forward to kiss the worrying away.

He nods as his jaw works, clenches as if he's fighting with himself, "Let me help you get cleaned up," he says in a strained voice before tightening his grip on me. Tucked into his chest, he picks me up into his arms and carries me to the attached bathing chamber.
###chapter 74
Damion and I get ready for the day together, each of us helping the other to wash off the activities from last night in the shower. After showering, wrapped in towels, I follow him back into the bedroom where I pause half way across the room as realization dawns.

"I'll need to go back across to my room to get clothes," I tell him.

Damion turns back to me, rubbing a hand along the sharp edge of his jaw, as he clears his throat, "Actually, after last night, I asked Mitra bring a few of your spare dresses over yesterday morning." He admits.

"Really?" I ask, blinking in surprise. He studies my face carefully as he watches for my reaction. Like he's worried I'll be upset by this.

He opens the door to his closet and steps back to reveal where a few of my dresses now hang next to his shirts, stowed in their own spot. Something about seeing both of our clothes tucked into his closet together makes a warmth spread through my chest.

A smile pulls at my lips, "Smart."

He's still watching me warily as I step up beside him and raise up to my toes to plant a quick kiss on his lips. He lets out a breath as I move around him to pick out a day dress in a rosy shade of pink. 

Doing something so normal- so mundane as getting dressed together, it feels comforting. It's still strange seeing my reflection in the mirror- seeing all the changes my body went through after being in Elfhame and gaining a strength that had never been there before. The bright dress brings out the healthy flush glowing in my cheeks, and more importantly, I *feel* strong. 

The days I've spent away from Elfhame's charge of power doesn't seem to have done anything to diminish the changes it had brought out in me either. From what elder Aelrie told me before I left Elfhame, I would eventually have to return to power source when I felt my energy levels receding. But she'd been optimistic that I'd be stable enough to be away from it for a few months before I started feeling any side effects.

Just as we finish dressing, as I'm starting to comb through the tangles in my hair, the door to Damion's bedroom bangs open and I jump as my eyes turn to see Leif barge into the room with swaggering steps without bothering to knock.

"We've got another long line up of meetings to get to today-" Leif starts without looking up from a ledger in his hands.

Without warning, Damion pushes me behind him so he's blocking me from Leif's direct line of sight. My entire body freezes as a blood chilling growl rips from his chest. I'm not the only one who freezes either, Leif stops dead in his tracks, head whipping up at us- more toward Damion as I'm still hidden behind his back, barely peeking out from around his shoulder. I watch as Leif's pale features settle as understanding dawns.

"The frenzy's taking over then, eh Lothbrook?"

Damion just lets out another terrifyingly black growl that has the hairs on the back of my neck standing on end and goose bumps prickling on my arms. I've never heard anything so nightmare- inducing in my life. And while my body is reacting to the sound physically, I also know that I don't have anything to fear from Damion. I know deep down to my very center that Damion would never hurt me, but I *am* worried for his friend.

"What's a frenzy?" I ask slowly, carefully.

Leif's eyes stay carefully locked on his King, hands up in a placating show of being non- threatening as he answers my question.

 "A frenzy is what we shifters call the state of madness that overcomes shifter males when they're in the process of forming a mating bond with a female," Leif explains, and there's a slight glimmer of amusement in his eyes that's nearly overshadowed by the grim look on his face, "The males tend to be overwhelmed with a phase of mania where they become obsessed with their female's safety. Their bodies begin functioning entirely off of a deeply ingrained territorial instinct that takes over and doesn't really have a rhyme or reason to when it comes and goes."

Damion takes a slow, threatening step forward and another chilling rumble emanates from deep in his chest. Leif responds with a compliant step back toward the door, keeping his hands up in a mollifying gesture.

"So what does that mean?" I ask Leif in a voice riddled with forced calm, "He's not going to be acting like himself for a while?"

Leif still doesn't take his careful focus off of Damion, and I can't really blame him with the way Damion's muscles are coiled as if readying to strike out, "It's different for everyone, but it's fairly common among the first phases of shifter mating relationships. It comes and goes. I can't say I know how it will work for a *Bonded* couple or if there will be any differences, but the frenzy will eventually taper off."

"Is this because we didn't seal the Bond last night?" I ask, somewhat hesitantly. I really hope this isn't because of anything I did. But, I'd told him I wanted to seal it with him- wanted him to mark me and make things permanent. Damion hadn't wanted to make any sudden decisions that I'd regret. At my question, Leif's eyes do flicker to me for a moment in his shock, which sets off another warning growl from Damion. Leif moves his gaze firmly back to Damion, away from me.

Without thinking, my hand shoots out and grasps onto his muscled forearm. There's no way I'm going to stand back and let him hurt his closest friend while his mind isn't really *his*. A shudder ripples through Damion at my touch.

Leif considers my question for a moment before saying, "No, from what I can tell, there's not really any reason behind them. Frenzies are all based off instincts and the body's natural reaction to what the shifter side views as threats to you and your Bonding. Over time he'll be able to control those baser instincts, but for now with the Bonding being so new, it'll take some time to adjust. That's not to say that he won't still get pulled into the madness from time to time, just that they'll become less frequent as he adjusts."

"What can we do? Is there something I can do to help?" I ask, my grip tightening on Damion's arm.

"Nothing we can do really, except wait it out," Leif admits, "He'll come back to himself soon enough. Though, I've been told that*alone time* can help ease it up a little." The usual mischief I've seen in his Leif's eyes returns for a brief second.

*Alone time.* It's easy to hear the innuendo in those words and a flash of a blush warms my cheeks. 

Leif takes a slow step backward toward the door, keeping his front to the tense male crouched in front of me, "Lothbrook, I'm going to step out into the hallway. We have planning meetings in a half an hour, so try to pull it together, brother. Aside from that, you're freaking Lily out."

To me he says, "I'll be out here if you need anything, Princess. He's not going to hurt you."

"I know he won't," I say, ignoring his use of princess instead of my name, "But thanks, Leif."

The door closes behind him, leaving me alone with a frenzied Damion.
###chapter 75
The door closes behind Leif, leaving me alone with a frenzied Damion. It's quiet for a moment, just the sound of our breathing and my racing heart beating wildly in my chest. From where I stand behind him, I can see that his shoulders are taut with tension, straining against the fabric of the white tunic I'd watched him button up with a lazy smile not more than ten minutes ago. I swallow roughly, squeezing lightly on his forearm I'm still holding.

"Damion?" I ask softly, hesitantly, "Are you alright?"

He doesn't say anything, but his muscles flex under my gentle touch. When he still doesn't respond, I start to worry. I move with slow steps as I step around his back and side to stand in front of him, worried I'll startle him in this more wild, unhinged state. His face is blank, eyes darting around the room as if searching for any signs of threats, nostrils flared, jaw tight. And more surprising than any of that is the fact that his eyes are flashing with swirling shifting colors. It's like staring into a shifting kaleidoscope and my breath catches in my throat at the beauty of it.

"Damion," I try again, lifting a hand slowly to his face to gently cup the sharp edge of his jaw, trailing my thumb across the rough stubble there, "It's just us now. Everything's alright. Can I get you anything?" I wonder if he can even hear me with how far gone he seems to be.

His rainbow eyes flash down to my face, pupils dilating as he takes in the sight of me where I now stand in front of him. In the next second, one of his large palms comes up to grasp my wrist. Holding it firmly between his callused fingers, he tilts his head to breathe in deeply along my wrist and leaning in, face going slack as if  he's completely enthralled by my scent as he soaks it in. 

I shiver as his nose traces up my wrist, trailing its way up the skin of my forearm all the way up to my neck. He pulls me in completely until I'm pressed flush against him, the strong bands of his arms wrapping around his back as he breathes in at my neck. His body wracks with shudders, like he's taking a hit of one of the more addictive fae drugs.

 I stand as still as possible, feeling his body relax where it's now pressed firmly against mine except for the feel of his steely hard erection where it's straining against his pants pressing into my stomach. Warmth spreads through my veins, and my core pulses at the feel of this wild unconfined energy emanating from him.

His lips brush against the sensitive skin along my throat in a soft heated kiss. When the brush of his tongue follows his lips, tracing the racing pulse there, the apex of my thighs clenches in response. I wonder if my body is going to overheat or snap from the building tension.

I try to hold back my moan of pleasure, pressing my lips together tightly, but a soft whimper still manages to escape. Damion hears it, a responding growl echoing through his chest and up his throat right before he tears his lips from my neck to lay claim to my mouth.

My knees go a little weak, wobbling against the onslaught of feeling rippling through me, but Damion holds me up, keeps me steady against him. It's unlike any kiss we've ever shared- more animalistic, more sensually carnal than anything I've ever experienced. And I can't help but wonder if it's Damion that I'm kissing now or the berserker part of himself that's always held back behind rigid bars of control.

His tongue plunders my mouth and I let him, more than happy to have him there, kissing him back with just as much fervor as he's laying on me.

I can feel it when the wilder, frenzied side of Damion begins to recede, *my* Damion coming back to the surface as slowly, so slowly, that wilder manic side of him is tucked back behind those careful layers of restraint he's known for. The kiss loses its feverish edge turning to more careful, but equally passionate control. 

When the kiss slows enough that we're able to pull back to catch our breath, his eyes are no longer the multicolor flashes, but have gone back to their normal steady shade of scarlet they turn when he's kissing me. My fingers clench where they're fisted in his tunic, happy to have his more steady, reasonable side returning.

My lips twist up in a happy smile, "You're back." I say, giving him a short peck on the lips before twisting back enough from our embrace to get a better view of his face.

"I am," He agrees with a heavy breath, running a hand roughly through his hair ruffling up the dark curling strands.

"Are you alright?" I ask him.

His eyes shift from their crimson shade to a darker shade of purple, "I'm more worried about what you're thinking than anything else," he admits in a gravelly voice. "Monstrous enough for you yet?"

My eyebrows pull together, "Why? Do you think I'm going to go running?"

"I couldn't say I'd blame you if you did," he says jokingly, but I can hear the hint of truth in his words, the purple shade of his eyes still telling me he really *is* worried. Worried about what I'll think about his loss of control to his more animalistic nature.

I reach up with both hands, grabbing his face between my palms, "I'm not going anywhere Damion. I meant it when I told you that there's no where else I'd rather be than here with you. Nothing's changed, I'm just waiting for you to believe it," I grin up at his blatantly bewildered expression, "I'd have been happy to have sealed our Bond last night if you'd have listened to me and I'll be just as glad to do it whenever you're satisfied that I'm telling the truth."

"Let's do it now then," he says in a low gravelly voice that makes a blush rise in my cheeks as a heated shiver wracks its way down my spine. Butterflies flutter low in my belly and my thighs clamp together at the simmering heat in his gaze, "I'll take you right here, right now. Bend you over the back of my couch until you're spread out enough to take my knot and just as the pleasure starts building, begins to be too much, I'll sink my teeth into your skin marking you as mine and mine alone before taking you over and over until your legs are shaking hard enough you won't be able to walk. Is that what you want?"

Gods, yes. I want that more than anything. His words make my inner walls clench, my mouth going dry. But before I can give into what my body is begging me to do, I remember the other responsibilities waiting for us outside of these four stone walls.

The words are painful when I say, "We can't- you're already going to be late for your meetings as it is."

"I'm the King, Lily, I'm *never* late," he says with a smirking grin.

I roll my eyes with a laugh, "Come on, *Your Highness*, Leif is waiting for you out in the hall."

 He grumbles low in his throat, though moves with me as I start for the door, "Let's see if I can make it through today's meetings without accidentally killing someone."
###chapter 76
Leif is waiting in the hall outside of Damion's bedroom as he said he would be . His gaze bounces between us and then he sighs in relief when he sees that Damion's eyes are no longer flashing a cacophony of colors but are now back to their usual steady shade of black.

Leif's mouth turns up in a smirking grin, "It appears you managed to tame the beast. Good work, Princess."

Damion levels him with an unamused look as Leif claps him on the shoulder, "I won't even ask for an apology for the rude reception I received." His grin reveals the point of a sharp canine.

Damion's jaw ticks, "Remember that the next time you decide that it's a good idea to barge into my space unannounced. If it happens again, I'll do a lot worse, Alfson."

"Noted," he rolls his eyes, "Time to go Lothbrook, we're already running late."

The arm Damion has wrapped around my waist tugs me closer so he can plant a kiss on my temple. I twist to look up at him as he pulls away, "Are you going to be alright?" I ask him in a low voice.

"Don't worry about me."

"Of course I'm going to worry."

"I'll come find you if he goes into another frenzy," Leif assures me without looking up from the stack of ledgers he's flipping through.

Damion levels him another glare, but the captain's words oddly make me feel better. I tug Damion down and press a soft kiss to his lips, letting myself run my tongue trace along the seam of his mouth in an unabashed need to have one last taste of him before he disappears for the day. He groans low in his throat- a deep rumble that echoes through my chest- at the teasing stroke, clutching me tighter to him like he can't let me go.

We pull back, breaking the kiss, when the door across the hall- *my* bedroom door- creaks open. 

My older sister stands in the doorway, arms crossed over her chest, hair sleep rumpled in a tangled golden halo around her head as she glances between the three of us with tired eyes.

"I thought I heard voices out here," Lucia says, "Though, I'm going to pretend I didn't just see that."

"Well, good morning, Princess Lucia," Leif says with a flourishing sarcastic bow in her direction, "You look like you've sleptwell."

Lucia doesn't so much as respond. She simply narrows her eyes at him in a biting glare, unamused, before turning her gaze back to me.

"Don't be an asshole, Leif," I throw him a glare of my own, "That's my sister."

He has the decency to wince, as if he's only just remembered, "My apologies." He turns back to Damion, "We really ought to be going, Commander."

Damion nods at his second in command, before straightening and turning to my sister. With his arm still firmly wrapped around my waist, he says,  "I've heard a lot about you from Lily, Princess Lucia," his voice is the calm commanding tone that makes butterflies erupt in my stomach, "I look forward to getting to speak with you when I have a little more time. Unfortunately, we do have people waiting to meet with us now."

Lucia skewers him with an assessing look of her own, before taking his hand in a brief clasp, "Likewise. I'd like to know more about you and your intentions toward my sister."

"*Lucia*," I sigh, rubbing a hand over my face. Gods, could this get any more awkward?

Damion's mouth twitches at the corner, "Of course."

His dark eyes soften at the edges as he turns back to me, "I'll come find you later."

"Alright."

With one last squeeze at my hip, Damion releases his hold on me and leaves down the hallway with Leif at his side. I watch them go until they disappear down the tunneled hallway and out of sight.

When I turn back to face Lucia, her face is twisted in something like amusement, "You've got it bad."

"Shut up," I say with a laugh and follow her back into my room.



_______________________________________________________




When Xavier and Arden push open the door of my bedroom later, a little orange ball of energy darts out from behind their legs, plowing toward me.

"Alfie!" I exclaim happily, crouching down to hug the little creature I hadn't had a chance to see since yesterday when I'd brought Lucia inside. He had been nervous to come into the tunnels, much preferring the feel of the outdoors. But he leaps up happily when he sees me.

"This little guy was outside wandering the halls," Arden says, "I'm not sure how he got in, but I assumed he belonged to you."

"He's Lily's alright," Lucia tells them from her place stretched out across the bed where's she's flipping through pages of Calden's journal.

 I had always felt a bond with the little fox from the moment I ran into him on one of my horse rides in the Seelie Courts. During my time in Elfhame, elder Aelrie had explained that a connection to animals and nature is something that all elves have in common. According to her, as my connection to my magic stabilizes, those connections will only become stronger. 

I'd noticed that strengthening connection when we'd left Elfhame. It had felt  like I was seeing the world through new eyes for the first time. Now, after being with Alfie after so long, I could feel the little fox's essence in a way I hadn't been as attuned to before I'd been healed. I now could feel a general sense of what was going through his head. From what I could feel from him now, he wasn't exactly pleased to be trapped in the castle hallways, but he was happy to see me and was hoping to I'd give him a treat of some sort.

I find a poached egg from among the breakfast items along the table and place it on the ground for Alfie and he scarfs it down with gusto.

Reading through my father's journals- my *real* father, Calden- I'd learned that he'd had strong connections with animals as well. Stronger than was normal for even elves. The white wolf we had met with Elandorr had been his. In his journals, he'd explained how he'd been able to communicate with them. How he'd focused his thoughts and energies to be able to actually communicate with them mentally.

 When I'd read that, I couldn't help but wonder if that's something I'll be able to do as well once I've had more practice honing in on my magic.

As I'm tossing Alfie a few more eggs from the tray, I freeze when Lucia suddenly jolts up from the bed with a gasp, one of the journals in grasped tightly in her hand. 

"What's wrong?" I ask.

"Lily," Her wide green eyes turn to me, "Remember yesterday when we were discussing the Seelie Court's secretive mining excursions that they've been taking at the base of the mountains? The ones that have been causing such problems for your shifters?"

I nod, taking a step toward my sister who's cheeks are now flushed with excitement.

"Well," she continues, brandishing the journal out in front of her, "I believe I just discovered what it is that they're searching for."

###chapter 77
Arden and Xavier lead Lucia and me down the tunneled corridors to the King's meeting chambers where Damion and Leif were said to be meeting with the other captains. I say a quick grateful prayer to the gods that everyone who would need to hear the information we discovered are already gathered in one place.

We're stopped outside the meeting chamber's door by a burly set of guards who step in front of us to block off our path as we approach.

"No one is allowed through these doors," the taller of the two shifter guards grunts out irritably, "A planning meeting is taking place and the King is not to be disturbed-"

"Do you really not know who this is?" Xavier demands pointing a long finger over his shoulder at me.

The guards' eyes turn in my direction with a bored look, "Can't say that we've met." He grunts.

"This fine lady here is our King's *Bonded*," Arden tells him with a hard look, "Do you really want to be the one to explain to the King why you wouldn't let his Bonded in to see him?"

The shifter guard blocking our way blanches, hurriedly stepping out of our way. One of them trips over his own feet in his rush to move away from the door.

"Apologies, my lady," the larger of them mumbles and both of them dip their heads in a bow. Shock ripples through me when their arms strike across their chests in the salute of respect I had seen given to Damion on more than one occasion. 

"That's what I thought." Xavier grumbles under his breath with a glare.

I elbow Xavier in the side- feeling bad that he's giving them such a hard time for just doing their jobs- and he lets out a satisfying "oomf" when I do.

"It's really fine," I tell the now penitent guards, "Thank you."

 Arden, Lucia, and I follow closely behind Xavier as he gives two firm knocks on the door before pushing his way through the planning room's entrance. The deep echoing voices that had been arguing amongst themselves taper off to a dead silence as we make our way into the room. There are eight shifters sitting around a long table, a pile of maps spread out among them, in the midst of what appears to be a heated discussion.

In the ensuing silence, all eight pairs of eyes turn toward us.

My gaze immediately finds the set of familiar black eyes of the male sitting at the head of the table. I'm beginning to wonder if there will ever be a time when my body won't react to seeing him. My heart proves that point by stuttering over itself at the mere sight of the sharp angles of his serious face. His tousled black hair is slightly out of place now as if he'd been tugging his hands roughly through the strands since we'd parted ways only a few short hours ago.

He cuts an intimidating image, his size imposing even where he sits among his captains. All of the cold aloofness vanishes from his face when he sees me standing in the doorway. He immediately pushes up from his seat at the table, rushing to cross the space between us in quick strides. 

As he moves, his black gaze catalogues every inch of me as if searching for signs of injury.

"Lily?" He asks, concern etched into the lines of his face, "What's happened?"

I step around my guards to meet him, "I'm sorry that we're interrupting your meeting, but we came across some information that couldn't wait."

"What is it?" Leif asks, standing from the table as well. The other captains follow his lead and stand with him, each of them regarding me curiously.

"When we left Elfhame, elder Elandorr gave me some of my father's old journals," I say, looking between Damion and Leif, "Lucia was reading through them this morning and found something regarding the Unseelie and Seelie attacks. About what they're looking for in the mountains. Why they keep coming back."

Damion's dark brows draw together, his expression shifting from *my* Damion to that of the Shifter King right before my eyes, "I'm listening." He says.



___________________________________




We spend the next hour going over the information that Lucia stumbled upon in Calden's journals. About the information Calden had overheard while working as emissary for the elves among the Seelie Courts. A few more chairs are pulled up to the table as we spend the next few hours after that going over maps and making plans in regards to the new information.

None of the captains protest me or Lucia being there, taking everything in stride without difficulty. I'm surprised when Lucia interjects a few times with information about the Seelie armies and strategies that prove helpful as plans are thrown out and pieced together. Lunch is delivered while we work, and while he speaks to his captains, Damion piles a plate for me with enough food to make my stomach hurt just by looking at it. Arden and Xavier snicker at the horrified look I shoot him that Damion ignores, gesturing for me to eat. 

As the afternoon drags on into the night, Damion tugs me into his lap. I protest at first, but ultimately give in when no one at the table bats an eye at the sudden change in seating. Under the table, Damion's large hands massage up my legs as he listens, pulling me close into his chest. Hints of exhaustion line his eyes, though he keeps it hidden behind his stony facade. As a plan of action is finally decided upon, guards are sent out to prepare teams of messengers. 

When everything that can be done for the night is completed, Damion sends us away from the meeting hall to catch a few short hours of sleep. He sends me off with a quick press of his lips on my forehead, and in spite of the exhaustion I feel, I protest. 

"Get some sleep, darling," he bends to tell me in a low voice against the shell of my ear that sends shivers down my spine, "I have a few more things to go over with Leif, but I won't be able to think clearly if you're here. My berserker side is more concerned with your well- being than anything else and if you're sitting here dead on your feet from exhaustion, it will take up all my attention."

"What about you?" I ask, concern tightening my voice, as I fight back a yawn. "You also need to rest."

"I will," he promises with an amused tilt of his dark eyebrows.

I shoot him a skeptical look before forcing myself to my feet and turning to Leif I say, "Don't let him work too late."

The red- haired shifter snorts, "You should know by now that that's an impossible request, but I'll do what I can."
###chapter 78
The next few days fall into a similar pattern of making preparations to leave and doing stints of research in the library to double check our facts and maps. According to the captains, we'll have one shot to get this correct, hopefully our plans work the way we intend for them to. 

I barely see Damion over the next three days as he and his captains continue getting supplies set for the journey to the border. The endless meetings I had been a part of listed so many horrible ways that this plan could go wrong, that what had seemed like a path to ending things with both the Seelie and Unseelie fae now twist my stomach in knots. My nerves tear themselves up as the days pass and we get closer to the day we were to depart for the border.

When as many preparations as possible have been made, we leave the mountain castle to begin the journey by horseback down the cliff edged paths toward our designated meeting place. 


________________________________________________



At the base of the mountains a group of Seelie and Unseelie fae wait for our arrival in accompaniment to both of their kings. They both step forward with their guards as we dismount from our horses.

It's been months since the last time I had seen the man who I had considered to be my father for the majority of my life. Not even ten weeks, but so much has changed since then that it feels like it may as well have been a life time since that day I stood before him in the Seelie throne room. The day that I had been so scared I could barely keep my legs from shaking.

He looks the same as he always has. I'd forgotten how much Tarquin Montegard's looks so much like Lucia - a twisted bitter male version of her- that it's eerie. The same golden hue of shining hair cut off at his shoulders and a green shade of eyes in the shade of deep summer that hint at his Seelie heritage.  And while he's the same physically, looking at him feels different now. Now that I'm not searching for any shred of likeness between the two of us, trying to force myself into a mold I'll never fit to. It's not a sad thing- not like a part of me is expecting- but rather, it's liberating. The truth settles like a warm blanket, especially as the last words he'd spoken to me ring through my head.

*"You're a liability, Liliana," He had told me all those weeks ago, "You've already cost us too much. We have the future of the Seelie to consider and we can't keep our focus on building the kingdom if our progress is continuously stalled by threats to the crown. With your illness, your days have always been numbered. At least now your death will have meaning."*

At the time, those words had sliced through me as sharp and painful as knives. They had been something I'd always suspected, which had made them cut through me even deeper.

I had always believed that *I* was the problem in my relationship with my father and with the Seelie court. But over the past few weeks, I'd slowly come to learn the truth.  I'd realized that the problem had never been me or my illness. It was Tarquin who had been the one who had never been willing to love me, to never accept me enough to be willing to *fight* for me. He had only cared enough to ensure that I wasn't seen by the Seelie court enough to tarnish his image. 

But somehow, miraculously, despite it all, I *had* found people who would fight for me. I'd found *my* people. Found those who cared about me not only in spite of my weaknesses, but cared about me *for* my weaknesses along with my strengths. People who loved and cared for me enough that they risked their lives to be there for me.

The shifters had barely known me, but had taken risks and made sacrifices for me and I'd grown into a new person because of it. *And I loved them for it*. I loved all of them. Lucia, Xavier, Arden, Leif, Healer Orm, Aelrie, Elandorr, MitraDamion. 

And I would do anything for them, too. I'd risk just as much to keep them safe. That resolve settled over me, giving me the strength to get through this. To do anything and everything in my power to protect them. I wouldn't let anything happen to them- and that knowledge bolsters me up.

Tarquin looks over our group, but his gaze lingers on where Lucia and I stand together. He spears us with a look that would have chilled me to the bone a few months ago. But unlike before, I can now see that look for what it really is. A mask to hide his fear. 

"Well, if it isn't my two traitorous daughters," Tarquin says blandly, lifting his sharp nose into the air in a show of disgust, "You shame me, our people, and your *birthright* by tainting yourselves with these brutes and then have the audacity to insult me by begging for a meeting? You are both disgraces."

"Father," Lucia greets him through gritted teeth, "A pleasure, as always."

Knowing Tarquin would be past the point of being willing to strike a deal to meeting with the shifters, Lucia and I had been the ones to send a message to our father requesting a meeting at the border. We'd taken a risk in hoping he'd want to speak with us, to rub his face in his successes, and luckily that risk had worked out.

Damion steps forward, looking the part of the terrifying shifter king, blocking us from view, "We know what you've been searching for in the mines."

Tarquin's face twists with cynicism, and he sneers at him, "Is that so?"

The way he's looking at Damion, speaking to him, sends anger lashing through me. And while I know he doesn't need it, the desire to protect him, to block him from the man who had made my existence a hell for most of my life overwhelms me. 

I step up beside Damion to stand at his side to stare down the the man I had once considered my father, "While *we* may have uncovered the truth of what you've been trying to accomplish, what you've been hiding, I can't help but wonder if you've been as forthcoming with your so- called'*allies*' father. Do they know what you're planning to do to them- what their fate will be- once you unearth what you've been searching for?"

The Unseelie King whips his head in my father's direction and snarls, "And  pray tell, what is this truth that they speak of Montegarde?"

 Tarquin's face pales a few shades as his eyes harden, but he ignores the Unseelie King, keeping his eyes locked on me.

"And what do *you* know of my plans?" Tarquin stares me down with a look of disgust, "Of ambition? You threw our kingdom's well- being to the side when you chose to side against us. When you chose to forego your duty."

In a black voice, Damion growls, "We all know that attempting to unearth  *mountain dragons* is a death sentence, not just for your enemies like you seem to assume, but for the entire continent. You can't control them. If you succeed, you will fall beneath its' feet just as surely as the rest of us."

"You don't have any clue what I'm capable of, half- breed," Tarquin snarls.

The Unseelie King's face turns a mottled shade of red, cutting him off, "*An earth dragon?* You're looking for an earth dragon? You fucking half- wit. I'll slaughter you myself before you bring destruction down on my lands-" 

He unsheathes his sword, starting to raise the blade in his meaty bulbous hands, when his threats are stopped short as something happens that none of our careful planning had anticipated. A rolling groan rips its way through the mountain as the first wave of an earth storm ripples through the land.

###chapter 79
The world around us turns to chaos as the tremors continue to build on themselves. Damion throws an arm around me, keeping me from being thrown around as the ground shakes so roughly that I have to clench my jaw together to keep my teeth from rattling.

"What is this dark magic?" The horror stricken Seelie King asks as his terrified looking guards bolster around him.

"It's the beginning of the destruction you've started, you fool." The King of the Unseelie hisses at him as he gains his footing and lunges at Tarquin with his raised sword.

I don't have time to give attention to the world roaring wildly around us. Because the fae soldiers have fallen into a panic- lashing out with swords and magic at each other and the shifters both. The sound of shouting and crashing in the distance has me stiffening against where I'm pressed into Damion's side. 

As the world turns to chaos, one of the fae swings an arch of earth magic at us hurling a rock at where Damion and I stand and he spins me out of the way, blocking me with his body. And suddenly Damion's body goes impossibly stiff,  rippling against me as a familiar blood chilling growl echoing up his throat.

"*Damion*?" I look up into his face and my heart stops.

His eyes are changing in rapid fire succession of shifting swirling color. *Oh, no.*

"Leif!" I scream out for the red headed shifter where he's engaged in a fight with two other panicking fae. He quickly disarms them and hurries to my side.

"What is it- " his words taper off and his eyes widen as he notices Damion's flickering eyes, "Oh fucking hell, you've got to be kidding me."

"He's going into a frenzy-"

Just then, Damion's eyes settle into the darkest orange I've ever seen them.  Veins spider out from his eyes, his skin turning to something else entirely. Something shadowed and leathery. His muscles continue rippling as black deadly spikes pierce from the skin on his back, teeth elongating into sharp points. Black claws protrude from his knuckles and he swings them severing the head off a fae who dares to step too close. He's terrifying and beautiful all at once.

The berserker.

"What are we going to do?" I ask Leif, shifting to the side as Damion takes out yet another Unseelie with a brutal stab.

"We follow the plan," Leif grunts with a firm set of his jaw, "Now, though, you'll have to go with your guards instead of Damion. Hurry, the others should be waiting for you by now."

"What about Damion?"

"I'll keep him from doing too much destruction. Just go. And Lily? Try to hurry." Leif shifts into a mountain lion form, pushing into Damion's side.

I gasp out struggling to keep my feet against the roaring earth as I look for Xavier and Arden. They hadn't gone too far and when I call out for them over sounds of rumbling earth and clanging weapons they hurry to my side.

"There's been a change of plans." I shout to be heard over the noise. They nod, each taking a place at my sides. The vicious sound of Damion's roaring berserker form reverberates up my spine, the sound echoing in my ears as we turn and race up the side of the mountain.

_______________________________________________


A small group of tall figures wait for us in an outcropping of trees. At the sight of their familiar faces, I race to them and throw my arms around them both.

"We weren't sure you'd come," I say, my words muffled where I'm pressed against them.

"Of course we came." Elder Aelrie says, patting my back as if she wasn't used to such blatant shows of affection and was unsure what to do with the unexpected hug. But her eyes light up, giving away the fact that she's pleased to see me. When I pull away, she primly clasps her hands in front of her robed body, "Our assistance here is long overdue. We've been hidden away too long while destruction ensued."

Elder Elandorr nods his agreement, "When one of our own calls, we come."

Any other words are cut off as a grating pulse of energy ripples up my spine. The sensation feels like something slowly waking up-a growing haze of old energy writhing its way from the soles of my boots past my shoulders. Goosebumps skitter up my arms, making my hairs stand on ends. I recognize the feeling. I'd felt it briefly during the earth storm after I'd left Elfhame. 

It is the same prickle of tense energy that had clued my magic to the fact that the cause of the chaos, was in fact a living creature below the mountain. That it's a creature who has been triggering the earth storms. And that same creature's magic was also responsible for the red fog that seeped from the mountain. Both acting as defense of its home.

The same mountain dragon that the Seelie fae had been hoping to find and capture. That they had been expecting to turn into their own weapon of sorts. Tarquin's drive for power knew no bounds.

The earth rumbles beneath us, shuddering under the soles of my feet. Arden grabs hold of me as I lose my balance. With her other hand, she grips onto a tree to keep us both upright.

"Definitely a rock dragon," Elandorr agrees, crouching to place a hand down on the earth, "You were correct, little one. It's been many an age since the last time one was seen.It took us time to find an adequate place, but we have a new resting place prepared for it. Somewhere it won't be disturbed.

 "It will take some time and our combined magic in order to communicate with it," Aelrie says to me, "Try to assist us if you can."

I follow their lead as the small group of elves gather around each other, grasping hands and crouching to mimic Elandorr's kneeling position on the ground.

"Try to push out with your magic," Aelrie murmurs to me, "Focus on aiming your awareness towards ours." 

I nod in agreement, trying to ignore the way the earth violently shudders around us in crescendo to do what she said. There's an undeniable pulse through the earth. Like a thrumming electrical shock that makes the hairs on my arms stand on end and goosebumps to prickle my skin. 

*It feels like a heartbeat*.

I feel it immediately when the elves are able to make contact with the dragon. The shivering and shaking earth dies down to small ripples, the pull of the dragon's consciousness is overwhelming. The world around us goes deathly quiet as the elves push their collective consciousness toward the monstrous creature who has been causing so much havoc beneath the mountain in response to the Seelie's prodding.

The creature is angry and so so tired. With its state of hibernation continually being interrupted the way that it has been, its magic and energy is quickly depleting. I feel the elves combined energies pushing toward it, coaxing it into ending its attacks and move on from the shifter's mountain to the place they have prepared for it where it can rest without interruption.

Suddenly, the connection snaps. Bursting from the base of the mountain, is the largest creature I've ever seen, larger than the Seelie palace, or even the Shifter's mountain castle. With a rippling roar it takes off for the skies, flapping its leathery wings. 

Stilted screams sound from down below as the mountain dragon is made visible to the soldiers. Xavier and Arden curse loudly. The dragon circles the soldiers as it stretches its formidable body and the world seems to go still as it takes off for the distant craggy mountains toward Elfhame.

"The creature knows the way to go," Elandorr says, wiping a weary hand down his face, "But we will follow closely behind it to be sure it ends up where we directed it to go. It's looking forward to a long sleep without interruptions."

"So are the rest of us," Xavier grumbles under his breath and Arden elbows him in the side.

I turn to face the elves who are pulling themselves up to their feet, "I don't know how to thank you for this." 

"It is our honor," Elder Aelrie says, glancing toward the disappearing silhouette of the mountain dragon. There are so many things I want to ask them, but the need to track the creatures movements outweigh everything else at the moment. With a parting hug and a promise that I would return to Elfhame for a visit soon, the elves disappear down the mountain.
###chapter 80
As the elves' robed backs disappear from sight, I turn back to peer at Xavier and Arden. 

"Does this mean that the earth storms are over for good?" Arden asks, breaking the silence, her voice hesitant in a way I've never heard it before.

I worry on my bottom lip, turning to peek over the side of the mountain where another stray boulder from the dragon's exploding appearance tumbles over itself to the forest floor below, "I believe so."

"Any more horrifying acid- spewing monsters hiding out down there we should know about?" Xavier asks with his usual ill- humored grimace, "Or was there just the one?"

A huff of laughter creeps up my throat as I peer up at my surly friend, "That was the only one as far as I can tell."

"That's something I guess," he grumbles and the sound of Arden's quiet laughter joins in with mine. Our short moment of relief is cut off by the sound of a blood chilling roar. It's a wild, murderous sound that rumbles its way up from our previous meeting place and sends a warning shiver up my spine. My guards curse colorfully under their breaths and without another word the three of us take off down the side of the mountain. They keep pace with me, sticking close to my side, both of them on high alert.

We come across Lucia first. She's standing at the edge of where the fighting had taken place. Her fingers still spark with the remnants of her light magic and there's a wafting, lingering scent of something burning that scorches at the back of my throat.

Piles of rocks and blood linger around what had previously been a clearing in the trees where they hadn't been before. The earth now stained in rusty pools  and smears of red. She tenses at the sound of our approach but when she turns over her shoulder, her eyes latching onto my face, relief flashes over her golden features.

"Thank the gods," she exhales heavily, pulling me into a quick, tight embrace.

"Are you alright?" I ask my sister on a shaking breath. I pull back just far enough to glance over her, searching for signs of injury in the same blatant way she's scanning me.

Lucia nods, "No one was expecting the dragon to explode from the mountain the way that it did. A good portion of the Unseelie were caught in the cross- fire."

Arden whistles low under her breath.

"And what about the Seelie?" Xavier asks, looking around pointedly. The place where the Seelie had been engaged in fighting with the shifters before is now littered with bodies. A group of shifters stand away from the surrounding destruction, weapons pointed at a handful of disarmed fae. 

"The remaining Seelie fled when the dragon snatched up their king in its jaws. It had him in its jaws when it flew away," Lucia's voice is utterly calm. Like she's talking about the weather.

I can feel the way my eyes bulge as I gape up at my sister, my lips parting in breathless shock as I try to process what she's just said.

"YouDid you say that the dragon*took* father?"

Lucia's face is void of emotion as she nods. Distantly, I notice Xavier and Arden sharing a look that I'm shocked enough to not know how to interpret.

Another murderous, deafening roar pierces through the clearing. From this distance, it's loud enough that the sound reverberates through my bones, shaking me from the inside out. There's a deeper, primal part of me that innately recognizes that noise. 

An unsettled look overtakes Lucia's previously emotionless face, "You probably ought to go see to that," she says with a wince, "And be careful, Lily."

I know where to go without needing to ask. Like following the warmth and light of a candle in a dark room, a part of me just *knows*.  Can sense where Damion is without seeing him. 

"Thank the gods," Leif says when he catches sight of me, as we approach. His jaw locked with tension, "I'd just sent out a few soldiers to go find you."

"What's happening?" I ask, panic thrumming through me, "Is Damion alright?"

Leif makes an inelegant grunt in the back of his throat, "Lothbrook is fine. It's *everyone else* that I'm concerned about."

He gestures behind him with his thumb and I peer around his thin frame to see what he's pointing to. I crane my neck to peer around the loosely circled group of shifter soldiers that stand back, watching on grimly. At their center, stands the familiar sight of Damion's broad back. A pile of Unseelie bodies lay at his feet, a group of other fae cower a few paces off staring in horror as Damion holds the Unseelie King strung up by his neck up against the side of tree.

*Oh, gods*.

"Usually one of us can reach him," Leif explains in a low grim voice, "But unfortunately between his berserker making an appearance and the frenzy, he's too far gone. We're out of options. Except-" he levels me with a pointed look.

"You think I can do something to help?" I ask. My heart pumps in a hard disjointed rhythm.

"If there's a chance someone's going to be able to reach him, it's going to be you. Time to go work your magic, Princess," he gives me a soft nudge forward.

"Are you sure it's safe for her to be doing that?" Arden hisses under her breath.

I blink over my shoulder at her, "I'll fine," I try to reassure her, "He won't hurt me." I know that deep down in my bones. If there's anything I'm sure of, it's *that*. My eyes flicker to the scattered crowd of soldiers looking on with concern, "But maybe you should see about getting everyone else out of here?"

Leif dips his head in a knowing nod, "Of course."

I don't wait to see what he does next. I turn my focus back to where Damion's berserker has the Unseelie King plastered to the tree with a single hand, the muscles in his back bunched up in a stony wall that stands preternaturally still. The berserker doesn't flinch as the unseelie swings kick after kick out at him. Damion doesn't shift his steady grip, it doesn't even look like he's breathing.

I step forward with slow deliberate footsteps, letting him hear me coming, not wanting to startle him.

"Damion?" I call out to him gently, the rest of the world disappearing as my focus narrows in on him.

The berserker's stony stance tenses at the sound of my voice. And his head swings in my direction
###chapter 81
I'd asked Damion a few times when I'd get the chance to meet this side of himself. I'd been wondering if I'd get the chance to see his shifter form the way that I'd seen Arden's, Xavier's, and even Leif's. And while I'd had a glance of his transformation earlier, right before I'd run off into the mountains to meet with the elves, this is the first chance I've had to really take in the extent of this side of Damion.

As Damion whips his head over his shoulder, my eyes are immediately drawn to his eyes which are still shaded in the darkest amber I've ever seen them. Deep black veins spider out from his eyes and his usually pale skin is now something else entirely. It now borders on a darker shade of gray, shadowed and leathery. There are spatters of blood splashed along his prominent brow which is furrowed in a harsh dark line over his glowing eyes making them stand out in sharp contrast. The cutting lines of his cheekbones pierce out even more sharply than normal, creating indents in his cheeks.

Damion's muscles continue rippling around where black deadly spikes pierce from the skin on his back. His beautiful, familiar lips are pulled back from the sharp points of his elongated teeth. Black claws protrude from his knuckles, piercing into the skin of the Unseelie King where he has him around the neck in a death grip. 

He's terrifying and beautiful and monstrous and perfect all at once.

The berserker.

Whenever Damion had spoken about his berserker side, he'd always spoken of it as if it were a part separate from him. *A possessive greedy bastard*, he'd referred to it on more than one occasion. Seeing this side of him now, I can't help but recall the conversation we'd had the night I'd returned to the mountain castle after being in Elfhame.

*"When am I going to get to meet this berserker side of you in person?" I'd asked him as he fed me forkfuls of food in his bed.*

*"Hopefully not for a good long while." He'd admitted with a wary smirk. *

*"You don't want me to meet him?"* 

*"It's not that I don't want *you*  *to meet it," he'd explained, "It's that I don't trust *it* * with meeting* *you*."*

Whatever reservations Damion had had about this moment, there was no turning back from it now.

The berserker tilts his head into the air, breathing in deeply- breathing in *my* scent, I quickly realize- and those amber eyes flash more brightly than before. A thunderous purring growl emanates from the berserker's chest and it's nothing like the murderous growling from before, but more like the rumbling purrs from a happy cat.

I take that as something of a good sign.

"Damion," I say, taking another measured step his direction, "Everyone's safe now. You can put the Unseelie King down-"

As soon as the words leave my mouth, the berserker does just that. His claws retract from where they've been embedded in the Unseelie king's throat. He drops the sputtering and gasping male to the ground where he collapses into a heap at his feet and groans loudly.

I blink in surprise.

*Well, that was easier than I thought it was going to be.*

The berserker turns the rest of the way around to face me head on. Those bright amber eyes flicker over me with an intensity that has my breath catching in my chest. His gaze is potent enough that it's like I can feel the weight of those eyes as they trace over my skin. Gods, I've never seen anything like him before- brutal and wild and breathtaking. 

Without thought, I take the last few steps separating us, closing the remaining distance between us.

"Are you alright?" I ask him, my hands reaching up to trace over his black fighting leathers, "Did you get injured at all in the fight?"

There's blood soaking through some of the dark material, but after running my fingers over the areas, it doesn't appear that any of it belongs to him. The pleased vibrating purr in his chest deepens, growing louder as my fingers trace over him and my heart skips a beat. His head cocks to the side, every inch of him a predator eyeing his prey. A surprised thrill runs through me.

Satisfied that he's unharmed, I start to pull my fingers back. Before I can pull back too much though, his own clawed bloody hand shoots up with lightening speed to stop me. He grabs onto my hand in his own, pulling it firmly back against his leather clad chest. *Well, then*.

In a move very reminiscent of that morning in his bedroom when Leif had barged in, his other large palm comes up to grasp my other wrist- the one not being pressed into his chest. Holding it firmly between his callused fingers, he tilts his head to breathe in deeply along my wrist and leaning in, face going slack as he soaks in my scent. Distantly, I notice a few shifter soldiers cautiously moving around us to grab hold of the fae that the berserker had been threatening only minutes ago. For the moment, everyone else is all but forgotten to the berserker, though. He continues dragging his lips up the sensitive skin of my wrist and inner arm, working his way up to my shoulder.

A blush heats my cheeks when his wild face dips into the crook of my neck breathing deeply. A shiver wracks over my body as the hot slick press of his tongue drags along my racing pulse there. The rumbling purr in his chest only growing louder. My mouth goes dry and a flash of heat shudders through me.

Then, one of the shifter soldiers makes the mistake of letting one of the Unseelie soldiers they're transporting for questioning take a step too close. Damion's hulking frame freezes as the unseelie steps in what he must consider to be a threatening distance. Sensing what he considers a threat, the berserker's head whips up from where he's had it buried in the skin at my neck to let loose another monstrous, murderous roar that has the fae tripping over himself to move away. 

In the next moment, between one breath and the next, the berserker has me thrown over his massive shoulder and is tearing his way up the mountainside away from the surrounding group of soldiers. The landscape turns blurry around us as he carries me away into mountainous wilderness.

###chapter 82
Between one breath and the next, the berserker has me thrown over his massive shoulder and is tearing his way up the mountainside away from the surrounding group of soldiers. The landscape turns blurry around us as he carries me away into mountainous wilderness.

I'm shocked enough, all I can do is try to make sense of our rapidly changing surroundings as the berserker carries me up the steep mountainside. Despite his hurried pace, his breathing stays slow and even- single- minded in his progress 

Eventually, the shock wears up enough that I find my voice again, and clear my throat, "Uh, Damion? Where exactly are you taking me?"

The only response I get is a deep rumbling grunt from deep in his chest. 

Okay, then.

I don't know how long we go for, but by the time Damion slows his pace, the sun is beginning its decent over the peaks of the mountain. In a single smooth efficient motion, he lifts me back off of his shoulder to set back onto the ground. I suppress a wince at the needles prickling through my feet as the blood begins flowing back through my legs. The muscles in my stomach are slightly sore from the unusual angle I'd been propped over his angled shoulder blade.

I peer around the quickly dimming light to find that he's brought us to the edge of what looks to be a cave hollowed out in the side of a cliff. He levels the piercing glow of his amber eyes down at me and motions for me to stay where I am. Before I can respond, he turns and stalks into the cave. I wait where he tells me to- presumably while he checks out the interior to make sure that it's safe- stretching out my numb legs while I wait for him to come back.

He's gone for less than a minute, and when he returns he leads me inside the lip of the cave with a firm hand on my back.

Trying to remain casual about this trip into the woods with Damion's berserker side, I peer around the dim interior while the berserker watches for my reaction with an intense gaze focused on my face. The cave is larger inside than I'd been expecting, and it looks like he's brushed aside the majority of the rocks lining the ground off to one side. 

I run my tongue over my dry lips and can't help but wonder what Damion would say about his berserker's antics in carrying me off into the mountains. 

*"My berserker side likes taking care of you,"* Damion had explained to me that night what felt like ages ago, *"it likes being the one to make sure that every last one of your needs is met. It wants you to know that it can provide anything and everything you need so you don't go looking for it elsewhere."*

I force back an amused chuckle at the way I'm now seeing those instincts up close, "It's really nice," I tell Damion's berserker with an encouraging smile, "You found a great spot."

That same rumbling purring he'd been doing earlier starts up again in his chest, like he's pleased by what I've said. And then he's backing me up against the wall of the cave, and pressing on my shoulders firmly until I sit where he's directed me. 

He makes the same gesture has he had outside the cave, motioning for me to stay.

"Alright, I'll stay," I tell him with a laugh from my spot on the cave floor, stretching my legs out in front of me, "Where are you going?"

Again, Damion's berserker doesn't say anything, only motions again for me to stay where I am before he disappears out the opening of the cave.

The berserker makes quick work of turning this little cave into something comfortable. The first time he returns, he has what he needs to build a fire.  I watch on in fascination as he turns the pile of sticks and rocks he'd brought back into a roaring fire that heats up the cave. I can't help but take in the sight of Damion's strong back and muscled arms flexing and contracting as he works.

With the sun's descent, the mountain air has dropped in temperature significantly and when the flames build up to something he's pleased with, I scoot across the cave floor to sit next to the fire, holding my icy fingertips out to absorb the building heat.

I sigh happily at the warmth, "Ah, that's nice, thank you."

His purring deepens and I smile.

The berserker continues making treks in and out of the cave, each time bringing back something new. He brings back a few mountain pheasants, cleaning them and putting them up on a spit to roast. The next time he brings back his canteen filled with cool water and berries. 

After that, I'm shocked when he returns with heavy piles of thickly woven blankets-- but when I ask him where he got them from, he answers with his usual low thundering grumble in his chest and a smirk laden with masculine pride. Alright, then. I can't argue with how warm and comfortable those piles of quilts are when he stacks them into a comfortable nest of sorts near the fire. He wraps one of them around my shoulders, tucking me into the nest-like-bed before turning the meat over the fire.

He pulls the meat off, putting a leaf-full of roasted meat and berries in my lap. The flickering orangey glow of the fire matches the heated glow in his amber eyes as he scoops up a portion of meat between his callused fingers and brings it to my lips. *He's feeding me. Like that night in Damion's bed.*

I wonder if I should feel awkward eating out of his hands with his intense gaze on me. But as I lean forward enough to take the smoky meat into my mouth, I don't feel uncomfortable at all. It feels somewhat *normal*. I don't know what that says about me, but I'm hungry enough that it doesn't even phase me.

The meat is shockingly good. I don't know how he managed it with the surely limited seasonings and the way he cooked it over a *fire* the way that he did, but I hum in appreciation as I chew up the juicy meat. He follows it up with a few berries pressed to my lips. The combined smokey flavor of the meat paired with the sweet juicy tang of the berries is better than I'd thought it would be.

On the next bite, when a small amount of juice trickles from the corner of my mouth, his heated gaze tracks the liquid, wiping it up with a callused finger. Eyes still on me, he brings that finger to his lips, sucking the juices clean. What I don't expect is the lightning bolt of heat that jolts through me, low in my stomach, at the sight.

The berserker's nostrils flare, his pupils dilating, as if he can sense that flash of heat somehow and that low purring in his chest starts up again. He feeds me bite after bite until my stomach feels near bursting before he pulls back, tucking me back into the pile of bedding until I'm comfortable. Now full and warm, my eyelids droop as I watch him make a few more trips in and out of the small cave.

Other than the fact that he startled the hell out of me when he was ripping heads off of the fae without a second thought, and then grabbed hold of me and plunged into the wilderness, Damion's berserker has been really *sweet*. I don't know what I was expecting when he took off with me up the side of the mountain, but in spite of his changed appearance, he's just been spending the evening taking care of me. 

I digest that small bit of information as I watch the berserker from my cocoon of blankets, my eyelids growing heavier by the minute. Maybe it's the fact that with Damion, no matter his form, I've always felt safe with him. Even still, I feel a painful tug through my chest as I think of having Damion all the way back. Wondering what he'd say about all of this. I miss *him*. But in spite that and the fact that we're miles from civilization with no indication of when we'll be returning to our friends, I manage to tip out of consciousness and into a deep comfortable sleep.
###chapter 83
I fade in and out of edge of sleep, pulled to the edge of consciousness by the feel of something hard and heated pressing into my lower back. My thighs clench together in an attempt to relieve some of the needy pressure building there. White hot heat flashes through me and I rock into the solid body behind me a whimper on my lips. I rock back up against his muscled chest letting him feel my body pressing back, feeling *him*. 

Damion. 

The feel and smell of his body against me is familiar even half asleep the way I am. Suddenly, the hot press of his body against my back moves away, and I cry out in protest. Before I have the chance to be too disappointed, the warm blankets shift around me until large familiar hands are pressing me back into the soft ground. My clothes are shoved aside, then something slick and hard runs up and down my the length of my core. 

A mouth, a tongue. 

Slick heat glides through my folds and I press a hand to my forehead because it feels so so good. Better than good. Heat and bliss flash through me as that devastatingly hot tongue works itself in circles along the edges. Soft rumbling sounds come from nearby, almost like language except I can't understand a word of. And somewhere in the midst of those *unfamiliar* noises, I remember where I am and who it is that brought me here.

The berserker. 

The berserker is devouring me like his life depends on it. While somewhat unexpected, I don't mind the Berserker's touch at all, in fact I like it. His skin is different, still that  familiar shade of dark grayish it had shifted to yesterday. I had thought it would feel rough against my fingers, but it has a velvety texture to it. It's different than Damion's normal touch, but is still *him* in an entirely new and unexpected way.

Even still, I stiffen for a moment as the memories from yesterday flow back in and Damion's berserker form lifts his head and nuzzles at my lower stomach purring deep in his chest. I lick my lips and then look down into those shining amber eyes. The way he's staring at me right now, the fiery wild intensity focused entirely on me as he rises up over me has a small whimper escaping my throat.

As our gazes lock and he slides his hand down to my center where he drags his fingers over my folds. His grayish skin is rough against me, and my eyes roll back, my thighs shaking with the intensity of the pleasure he's wringing out of me.

"Oh gods," I whisper on a low rasping breath.

With those heated sparks of electricity pumping through my veins, I reach out with unsteady hands to grasp onto his horns, pushing his head *down, down, down* until he's back where I need him to be. I watch as he drags his tongue over me again. 

He knows exactly what I want, working long, slow, delicious licks right down the slick folds of my center. And the berserker is really, really good at licking. Something ridged and lined slicks against the entrance of my core, and I realize he's got a texture on his tongue that isn't normally there. And it feels incredible. I'm barely even breathing.

One big hand pushes on my inner thighs, urging me to spread my legs wider, and I open up further for him. He rewards me by grazing his tongue against the needy aching ball of nerves of my clit. It's especially sensitive, and he's been avoiding it until now. Another hoarse whimper escapes me and the berserker picks up speed, his fingers spread my folds and he devours every inch of me, drinking down my essence as if he's a drowning man and I'm his oxygen. 

He continues his devouring pace until the tip of his fangs brushing over my clit in a sharp brush that feels so *so* good. And then he rolls it between the sharp points of his teeth. My hips buck against him and I cry out. 

He growls, sounding pleased, and continues to lick and suck at my clit until my thighs are shaking. I'm going to come. He's making me feel incredible. Those bumps and ridges on his tongue move against my clit one final time and my entire body explodes in wave after wave of bliss as I come *hard*. Over and over, my pussy clenches and the orgasm rocks through me, my entire body locked and tense with the strain of it. 

Finally, when after what feels like ages, I collapse onto the blankets, exhausted. My hand goes over my eyes and I rub my face. When I'm finally able to open my eyes again, the look on Damion's face- the berserker's face- is fierce, and there's no mistaking the look of masculine pride pulling over his face. 

As I come down in the after shocks, the berserker tucks us back into the cocoons of blankets, nuzzling into my neck, breathing in my scent as I drift off into comfortable hazy sleep once again.


__________________________________________________


I wake up feeling better than I have in days. With the stress of the impending meeting with the fae and planning for the dragon's removal, I haven't slept well lately. But as I peek open my eyes, I'm met with the sight of warm morning light creeping through the cave's opening. I'm warm under the thick spread of blankets, cuddled up against a big hard form that's warmer than the fire. 

I'm pressed up against Damion's chest, soaking in the peaceful feel of his finger tips tracing idly over my skin. As his hand moves lower, trailing gently along my wrist, I notice the shade of that hand for the first time.His fingers are no longer the deep stormy gray they'd turned into yesterday, but are once again the normal pale shade of moonlight. 

Every muscle in my body stiffens and fling myself over towards him tackling him to the padded cave floor.

"You're back!" I cry out excitedly, happiness and relief rushing through me. I assault him with a barrage of enthusiastic kisses over his face and neck and chest and his responding chuckle is a low gravelly sound deep in his chest.

I cut off that laugh by pressing my lips into his, stealing him in for a deep thorough kiss. It's a kiss that says everything I don't quite have the words to say. A kiss that shows how much I need him here with me, and not just physically, but *him*. As our lips press and twist together, the worried fog that had slowly been creeping in since he disappeared yesterday that I hadn't fully realized was there dissipates bringing with it the warmth and love and home that is purely Damion.

I pull back from our kiss to peer down at him with narrowed eyes, "As much as I enjoyed getting to know the berserker side of you that I've heard so much about, I'd really appreciate it if you never leave me for so long again. I missed you *entirely* too much." 

The grin he levels at me is devastating enough that it sends my heart careening in my chest, "Noted."

After another long drawn out kiss, I tell him everything he'd missed during the time his berserker had taken over. The dragon, the fae, our trip into the mountain. He laughs when I get to the part about his berserker hiding us out in this cave for the past day. He was still somewhat aware of what was happening while his baser nature had taken over and had flashes of memory from the time after the battle to now, so he hadn't missed too much.

 He stares thoughtfully around the cave, tracing lazy patterns across my bare shoulder while he considers what I've told him.

"Does it bother youthat weyou knowwhen you weren't completely aware of what was happening?"

Damion doesn't look bothered in the least though, snorting under his breath in amusement, "No, it doesn't bother me, Lily. I'm mostly surprised that the berserker didn't try to mark you while he was in control."

I blink at him in surprise. "I wouldn't have let that part of you make that decision without you being aware of it," I assure him.

His eyes flash that shade of gold that I love so much.

"What happens now?" I ask him from where I'm sprawled out across his broad chest.

"As much as I'd like to keep you here all to myself, we have to get back to the others and see what the damage is."

He's right- while we've been up here playing house in a cave, the other people we love have been left to deal with the aftermath of our battle with the fae.

I nod in agreement, "Let's go home."
###chapter 84
*Three days later*


The night is perfect.

Up in the gardens of the shifter castle roof, lights have been strung up, giving the night a magical glow. The garden has always been my favorite place in the mountain castle. I've always thought that the spacious, open ceiling room like something from out of a fairytale. The stone roof opens up revealing a sky full of stars that look like cut crystal embedded in black satin skies. The garden's white barked trees rustle in the shifting breeze and walls of wisteria, bright pink sweet pea, blooming jasmine, and marigolds surrounds a stone path diving into the fray of greenery. The scent of honeysuckle tickles my nose and I breathe it in deeply, feeling like I've stepped into a little piece of my own personal heaven.

We'd only arrived back from the border late last night, and the news that the earth storms would no longer wreak havoc through the mountains along with the end of attacks from both he Seelie and Unseelie fae were more than reason enough for the shifters to throw together a celebration, welcoming in a time of peace for us.

Up in the gardens, the place is overflowing with food, dancing, music and laughter, everyone dressed up in formal wear with sparkling drinks in hand. I've spent the majority of the night so far on the makeshift dance floor, living out the hope I'd always had to spend celebrations like this among the graceful sway of the dancers.

It's as magical as I'd hoped it would moving with the music with my friends and even Damion from time to time. As the night goes on, my feet ache so much my dancing turns more to a breathless limping motion and I'm forced to stop when a chuckling Damion resorts to hoisting me up into his arms and carrying me off the floor to rest. He plyies a glass of water into my hand which I gulp down greedily. Happiness sparkles through me as warm and bright as the shimmering stars overhead. 

Lucia follows us off the dance floor, plopping down in the chair next to me eyeing where Xavier and Lucia are playing a drinking game with a few other soldiers.

My sister leans over to me, "He's cute," she murmurs in a low voice, "What's his story? Is he spoken for?"

"Xavier?" I blink over at her and then grin, "From what he's told me, he prefers his bed partners to be of the male variety."

"Damn."

"I'm sure he'd be flattered to hear you're interested if you still want to make an attempt. Though," I tease, and she follows my gesture to the corner where Leif is watching my sister with a not- so- subtle longing in his eyes, "I think there's someone else you could ask who'd be much more willing." 

She snorts, but her golden cheeks heat to a pretty shade of pink, "If only he were so lucky."

I don't know what had happened between Leif and my sister after Damion's berserker had carried me off into the mountains, but what I *do* know is that the interactions between them since we'd gotten back have fraught with tension. If I had to put money down on which kind of tension, the looks Leif's been leveling at Lucia hint toward something I'm not so sure I want to know the details of.

I take another sip of water, then ask the question I've been putting off for the past few days, "When you do you have to leave?"

According to the information that the elves had sent us, when the Dragon had settled in its new home, the dragon hadn't left the Seelie King alive for long after he had taken him. That left the Seelie with an empty throne. And with Lucia being the heir, she would need to go see to what were now *her* people.

"I already sent word to the advisors that I would be making the journey back to the palace tomorrow morning."

My stomach drops and I reach out to squeeze her hand. As much as I don't want her to leave, as much as I'll miss having my sister with me, we both know where she's needed right now. As much as the Seelie have always disliked me, they've always adored Lucia and they'll be missing her, especially at a time like this.

"I can go with you if you want- if you think it would help," I offer. Though I'm sure the court would be less than enthused to see me after everything that's happened.

Lucia grins, "It's not necessary, though I expect you to be waiting for your invitation to my upcoming coronation."

I match her smile with my own, "Of course I'll be, I wouldn't miss it."


__________________________________________________


As the night winds down to a close, when the gardens start to empty, most of the shifters too tired to continue the celebration, Lucia, Xavier, Arden, and I continue the celebration back in my room. As we leave the gardens, Damion sends me off with a kiss and a promise go meet us down after he finishes the discussion he's found himself in with Leif and another captain. Though I feel the weight of his heated gaze on me the entire walk out of the gardens as I had throughout the entire night when during the short times he had been pulled from my side.

Back in my room, Arden cracks open another bottle of champagne as we play a few hands of cards. We spend the time laughing and joking so much we barely make it through the last hand.

"Play us a song, Lily," Lucia requests. She's already on her third glass of champagne and her cheeks are flushed. I've had a little too much to drink myself and a warm haze has already pumped its way through my blood stream.

Arden takes another bite of cake she'd snagged when she'd left, her eyes drifting over to the corner where the harp sits beside the bookcase, "I was wondering why the Commander asked one of these to be brought in here. You never told us that you play."

I shrug, "Back when I was sick, I had a lot of time on my hands. You both know how easily I got tired. Playing the harp was one of the few things I could do while siting that kept me busy."

Lucia scoffs loudly, "Don't let her false modesty fool you, she's a natural. It's like magic when she plays."

"Believe me," Xavier drawls, leaning back in his seat, "we've gotten to know her well enough to not let her get away with that shit."

I narrow my eyes at each of them, "This ganging up on me thing you have going on better not become a common occurrence."

"Play for us, Lily," Lucia says again, voice slurring a little,  "It's been *so* long."

All three of them look at me expectantly, waiting, and I sigh, giving in, "Alright, fine. But just a few songs," I wobble a little on my feet making my way over to the harp, strumming my fingers over the strings as I get close enough, then slowly lower myself to the stool. 

Lucia was right when she said that it really has been a while since I've played anything. But the familiar motion of plucking my way down the strings to get acquainted with the new instrument is as natural as breathing. The harp Damion had brought in is gorgeous. Despite going unplayed for so long, it somehow managed to stay in tune for the most part as I slowly test out the strings. 

Finally, I settle back and begin to play. 

My friends go silent as I start out with the song that Lucia had always claimed to be her favorite. It's a flowing, cheerful song that sounds like early springtime. It flies easily through my fingertips, my fingers grazing and plucking over the strings.

When Lucia's favorite draws to a close, I immediately dive into another song that's a little deeper, more melancholy and hopeful that I tended to play more on the days when I was alone. I close my eyes, opening myself up to feelings and memories the music brings back. It's crazy to think how much my life has changed over the past few months compared to the last time I'd played it.

I barely recognize that life anymore- that loneliness that had threatened to drown me. My life now is filled with so much love and joy and freedom- the kind of life I'd always wanted.

The last note of the song rings in the air for a drawn out moment. When I open my eyes again, my gaze lands on an unexpected set of blazing golden eyes from where he stands in the doorway of my room.
###chapter 85
Damion's eyes are fire and light- red and gold.

"You weren't kidding-" Arden slurs to my sister, "That was-*oh*" Arden cuts herself off as she follows my gaze over to where Damion is standing in the doorway, "Nice for you to join us, Commander."

Damion nods at her, not taking his eyes off me.The heated look in his eyes has a hoard of butterflies ricocheting through my veins. Hot insistent need blares to life in my lower stomach and a flush flares to life in my cheeks.

Finally, I'm able to find my voice, and I clear my now dry throat, "I'll, uh, catch up with you guys later-" I tell them as casually as I'm able to. And I'm met with a trio barely stifled, alcohol-infused, snickers.

"Sure, sure," Arden calls out to us, waving us away.

______________________________________

With my hand firmly grasped in Damion's warm one, he leads me back up toward the now empty gardens. It's quiet and peaceful, the fae lights still strung up though much dimmer now, making it easier to make out the speckling array of stars overhead.

I don't give myself much time to admire them though, the stifling heat from before still pounding through my veins. I lean up my toes and his lips crash into mine in a heated desperate kiss. I gasp as his tongue parts the seam of my lips and I stumble at the sudden intensity of his taste in my mouth. It's addictive and overpowering and purely *him*. His tongue strokes mine, and one of his hands lands on my hip as he steps closer, pressing against me as he deepens the kiss.

My fingers lift to the smooth fabric of his dress shirt and dig into him with my nails as he starts to walk me backward without pulling away until he sets me on the edge of one of the tables that had been brought up here. Still not breaking the kiss, he lifts me up my my hips until I'm pressed firmly between both the table and Damion as he tastes and enjoys every inch of my mouth.

Every part of me is hot as my heart pumps hard in my chest, my hands sliding further up his neck as I hang onto him desperately, pulling him even closer to me. My legs lifts up to wrap around his hips and I groan into his mouth when his erection meets my core, hitting me perfectly.

"Fuck, I don't think I'll ever get over how incredible you taste," he growls against me, releasing my mouth long enough to drag his lips and tongue down the sensitive column of my throat. He leaves a trail of heat in his wake. I struggle for air, clinging to the strong line of his shoulders.

Whatever was on the table before crashes to the ground as he sweeps it off to give us enough room. My back presses back into the table as he sucks lightly on the skin above the curve of my breast that's peeking out above the line of my dress, making me desperate for even more.

"More," I tell him on a ragged gasp, "I need more Damion."

He grins down me, his eyes blazing, reflecting the need for him I feel back at me,"Demanding little thing, aren't you?" He says, echoing one of the first things he had ever said to me.

I grin, "You like it, though," I say on a gasping breath as his hands move over the curve of my hips.

"Oh, I more than like it."

My hips rock against his magical fingers as he works off the silk and lace of my undergarment, his mouth is a hot brand on mine and he swallows every sound I make. 

"Put your legs over my shoulders," he demands. And I happily comply, leaning further back in order to throw my thighs over him. I grab the back of my knees pulling them back to my chest, opening myself up for him.

He works off his belt buckle with nimble fingers and between one heartbeat and the next he's pressing the tip of his hot length at my entrance. He doesn't go slowly this time and I'm glad that he's as desperate for me as I am for him. I gasp out as with a final press, his knot buries itself inside of me until I feel impossibly deliciously full.

Gods, I missed this.

 He shifts to the side just a little, still holding me up against him easily and his hand finds the apex of my thighs. I gasp at the contact, and he captures my lips again as he slowly strokes my clit. 

All of these overwhelming sensations are too much and I cry out as I'm shoved over the edge of euphoria where Damion quickly follows me. I never want this to end. Never want to be without him- this monstrous shifter who took me.

Damion kisses his way up my neck as he comes down from his high.. Pleasure continues rolling through me, and I'm lost to the sensation of it all for a while until there's a small break when I'm finally able to open my eyes. The feeling rippling through me is light and long lasting. It's something I've been feeling for a while, but staring up into Damion's steady gold eyes gives me the final push I needed to finally say it.

"I love you, Damion," I tell him on a rasping breath.

His eyes widen, then deepen to something darker, shining a deep burnished gold. His voice is rough as he says, "I've loved you for longer that should be possible. I've found something with you I never thought was possible for me. I was drawn to you from the moment you came barreling into my life, and that feeling has only grown by the day. I want to spend the rest of my days with you. "

My heart swells up, thudding wildly in my chest. And suddenly I know what the gold in his eyes means- the feeling behind it. *Love.*

My mind goes blank for a moment as another wave of orgasms wrack their way through my body matched with Damion's own pleasure. I'm brought back to the moment by that familiar insistent ache in my neck followed by that overwhelming desire to be *bitten*. My body craving a slice of sharp to counterbalance the rolling waves of blissful pleasure racking through me.

"There's nothing I want more than a life with you too." I tilt my chin back to expose my neck to him, giving him full, unfettered access. My body, my heart, my love- it all belongs to him. Just as I know that all of him belongs to me, "I told you I wasn't going to change my mind." I tell him with a smile, "and I meant it. I want you. Always."

He levels me with heated golden eyes. 

"There's no one else for me, Lily. Every part of me belongs to you."

He leans in those last few inches between us. When the sharp tips of his canines pierce my skin, all I feel is bliss. Being here with him, wearing his mark on me, being bound to him in every sense of the word- I can't imagine anything better, anything more perfect. And for a time, we're lost in a world all our own. A world and a life that we'll now share. 
###chapter 86- EPILOGUE
*The night of the Summer Solstice ball was the night he kidnapped me the first timeBut it certainly wasn't the last time.*


"Where are you taking me?" I ask on a laughing breath, trying my best not to trip over anything as I'm being tugged along, "And is the blindfold really necessary?"

"Oh, it's necessary alright," Arden says, as she and Xavier tug me along, "And stop fidgeting so much, we're almost there."

I huff, "Where is *there*?"

"No more questions," Xavier grumbles.

I roll my eyes and then remember that they can't see it with my eyes covered the way they are. The crack of cool air breaking across my cheeks tells me that we've stepped outside of the mountain castle, and as I move blindly the tip of my boot catches on an unseen rock, "*Hey*-"

"Sorry," Arden snickers. 

We go on like this for a few more minutes, tracking up a steep incline into what I'm guessing is the forest surrounding the castle. Finally-*finally*- they tug me to a stop as we crest what must the the top of the hill.

There's a nickering sound coming from somewhere in front of us and I turn blindly to the sound, "Was that a horse?"

"Hold still, I'm taking your blindfold off now," Arden tells me, ignoring my question as she moves up behind me. I feel the tug of her fingers working the knot until she's able to pull off the black scrap of fabric. 

Blearily, I blink around trying to clear my foggy vision as I peer around.

There *are* horses in front of us. A pair of them. A familiar black warhorse and a sleek spotted mare.

"What's going on-" I cut off as my hazy vision settles in on the figure standing in front of the horses. A figure that's as familiar to me as my own. Damion levels a wicked grin at me, his eyes sparking with amusement at my mulish expression.

"Damion?"

He turns to where Arden and Xavier stand, nodding to them, "Thanks for bringing her up here."

"Of course," Xavier says, "Though I can see now why you pawed that job off on *us*. I'm pretty sure we deserve a raise for that."

Damion chuckles, "She's not the easiest person to surprise."

I purse my lips, moving my hands impatiently to rest on my hips, "Will someone please tell me what's going on?" 

"Isn't it obvious?" Damion grins, stepping toward me to grab my hands in his larger ones, "I'm kidnapping you."

Kidnapping? A little thrill works its way through me.

I pinch my bottom lip between my teeth in an effort to bite back a smile, "And where are you going to be taking me?"

"I'm taking you traveling for a few weeks," he tells me with a mischievous smirk, "Just you and me. I know that you never had many opportunities to travel much during the years while you were sick, so I to make up for it with you now. I have a few places planned already. Though if you have any ideas of where you'd like to stop as well, we can do that too."

With every word that Damion says, tears well up in my eyes spilling over onto my cheeks. Traveling. With Damion. He's taking me on a trip to see all of the places I've dreamed of seeing my entire life. All of the places I'd hoped to visit one day and never actually believed that I would. I don't know how I got so lucky.

Damion's dark brows come together in concern, his arms rubbing comforting lines up my arms, "Lily?"

"Don't worry," I say on a sniffle, "these are *happy* tears. I justno one's ever done anything like this for me before. And I justI can't believe"

When my words cut off, Damion lowers his head to press his warm lips against mine, "I love you, Lily," he tells me, "More than anything, more than anyone. You deserve the world, and there's nothing I want more than to give it to you."

"I love you too," I say with a watery grin as he helps walk me over to the horses.

I hug my friends goodbye, more than excited for the days ahead.

Who would have thought all those months ago when I had been stolen from the Seelie gardens that my life would change so thoroughly? That I'd find so much love and family and adventure. That the life and love I'd hoped for was would be waiting for me on the other side.



THE END
BONUS ###chapter (1)
**###chapterS 2 AND 3 - FROM DAMION'S PERSPECTIVE**

"The prisoner is secure and according to healer Orm, should be conscious by now," my second in command, Leif, tells me.

"Did you run into any trouble?" I ask the soldiers standing guard outside the princess's prison cell.

As much as I didn't care for the idea of stealing away a fae woman and keeping her captive, desperate times call for desperate measures. And I'd do anything to protect my people against the raging earth storms tearing their way through my kingdom. So when the idea of ransoming the king's daughter was presented to me, I agreed to it, sending in a team of my most trusted guards.

"None," Leif says, sparing a brief glance at the male standing beside him, one of the guards who'd went with him, Xavier. It was easy enough getting in and out of the Seelie palace, so I figured that would be the case.

I nod, taking the torch from them, bracing myself for the conversation I'm about to have. 

She's nothing like I expect. Not at all. Because slumped on the floor of my prison is the most gods damned stunning woman I've ever seen. She looks like she's been bathed in starlight- white hair, pale features, silver eyes that flash in the light of the torch. My breath catches in my lungs so hard I feel like I'm drowning.

The princess's skin is flushed, chest heaving as she breathes hard against her restraints. Her rumpled ball gown clings to her slight, graceful form in a way that makes my cock strain painfully in my breeches. *What the fuck is *wrong* with me*. How utterly messed up am I that the sight of this tiny helpless female chained to my wall is turning me on more than I've ever been in my entire life.

But more surprising than any of that though, is the fact that at the back of my mind where my berserker form resides, stirs to life. I feel it waking up, cracking an eye open curiously, taking everything in with me. 

I step further into the room.

"Good, you're awake," I drawl- half to the princess, half to my berserker form - feigning nonchalance I don't even remotely feel, "You must be wondering why you're here." 

She stares up at me with wide eyes, refusing to speak.

My berserker form stretches, breathing deeply, viewing the fae woman with us. I shove it as far down as I can, raising an eyebrow, "Let me introduce myself to you, Princess Lucia. I am Damion Lothbrook, Commander of the North. I apologize for us having to meet under these circumstances."

Realization settles over her, her slight shoulders tightening. He sucks in a breath to speak and my berserker form studies the movement with rapt fascination that I try to ignore.

 "Tell me, Commander Lothbrook," the princess says stiffly, "What reason can you possibly have for stealing me from my home and *chaining* me to your *wall*?" 

Well, fuck. She went right for the jugular on that one. I try not to wince, feeling the start of a migraine coming on.

 "Well, I couldn't very well have you blasting through my walls with your magic could I? The chains as much of a protection for my people as they are for you. The iron will see to it that you stay put and out of trouble."

"In what way would iron chains be a protection for me?" She asks coldly.

Great question, actually. I grin, but it feels strained as I continue fighting against the berserker side of me that preens in a way to let me know that he.*likes* her. Likes this slip of a woman and the cold fire emanating out of her. I have to force my next words out,"We wouldn't want you to get injured in any escape attempts." 

"If you're so worried about what I may do to your people, why did you bring me here?" She asks, bringing up a trembling hand to swipe at a stray hair and it's a struggle to keep myself in place and not crouch down and do it for her- to run the silky strands of her hair through my fingers.

I crouch down in front of her and she leans further back from me and into the stone wall behind her. I grit my teeth against my berserker which is fighting to lean even closer to her, to breathe her in. *Get your shit together, Lothbrook.*

"All in good time, princess," I say, seeing something now that I'm focused on her more closely, something that worries me. I smell something akin to *fever* and I fight against every instinct I have to keep from dragging her to the physician's wing that minute, "Something doesn't seem right," I mutter under my breath.

I turn, calling out to guard outside the door, "How much of that sleeping draught did you give her, Xavier?"

I hear the other man shuffle forward, "Only as much as the physician suggested," he says, sounding somewhat bored, "Why?"

"She seems a little out of it."

The female in front of me stiffens as if she's offended, and I have to fight off a wince.

"It's probably just the irons weakening her," Xavier says, "I suspect being disconnected from her magic is quite painful."

That's right iron cuts fae off from their magic. If she's in pain, she's refusing to show it. She presses her lips firmly together and it's a struggle not to stare at the way they pull into her mouth.

Her mesmerizing silver eyes meet mine head on, "You need to return me home," she tells me, voice cold. And fuck me, I want to do just that. I find that I want to give her anything she asks for, but I force myself to remember why it would be detrimental. My people need her father's cooperation. My people's lives depend on it. 

 "All in good time, darling," I tell her, "As long as your father cooperates."

I need to get out of here before my berserker form forces me to do something I'll regret. Like unchain her from the wall and try to spoon feed her or some shit like that. *Fuck, this is bad*.

I force myself to turn my back on her, fighting against every instinct in doing so and stiffly cross the minuscule distance to the door in a single stride, "Go ahead and get comfortable your highness, you're going to be here for a while."
BONUS ###chapter (2)
***###chapter 38- FROM ARDEN'S PERSPECTIVE***

The tiny slip of a princess is tucked into her bed, her already pale skin whiter than I've ever seen it. And though she tries to hide it, she obviously feels much worse than she's letting on. Xavier and I noticed it yesterday when we'd forced her to rest. And while we hoped it would be something that she'd sleep off like the last time we'd seen her ill like this, it seems like the fever is getting worse.

Xavier and I stop in frequently to check in on her, and this morning when we find her large silvery eyes open and focused on us. When she sees us standing in the door way of her room, her face lights up with the most genuine fucking smile I've ever seen. The kind of authentic happiness that makes me want to put off all my other duties just to bask in that warmth. 

She doesn't have much to do, so Xavier pulls out a deck of playing cards from his pocket and we divvy out hands. I want to keep things light for her, to keep her mind off of her illness, but our worry for her is like a dark cloud hanging over our heads. I share some random gossip with her about how the  the mischief one of our fellow soldiers had gotten into recently with one of the cooks downstairs, and she eats it up.

The woman is a bright light around here. As much as I wanted to deny it at first, I'd only be lying to myself if I said that her antics and teasing nature didn't put me in a better mood even on my worst days. Shifters admire strength, and seeing the way she quietly preservers through her pain, attempting to hide it as she does, is commendable.

From the way she joked with me and Xavier while we'd been searching her room while she'd been chained to the bed. She's a fucking ray of sunshine -better yet, a North Star shining through the darkness-that I refuse to let dim.

We do our best to pretend that everything is fine until her nose starts bleeding.

The blood comes out of no where, dripping onto the cards in her hand. She stares, shocked at the scarlet drops on her fingertips, like she can barely believing what she's seeing.

The sight has me cursing loudly and when Xavier glances up from his cards to see what the matter is his face turns pale as the blood leeches from his deep umber skin as his mouth forms a tight line. The last time her nose had bled like this had been in the dungeons- before we'd known about her illness and she hadn't been taking her medicine. If she's as ill as she was that day *while* taking her medicine I don't even want to think about that.

For a frozen moment, all any of us can do is blink down at the blood. I try to school my features into some semblance of calm, but I know that the horror I'm trying so hard to hide is painted all over my face.

"This shouldn't be happening. Why is this happening?" She mumbles in a flat voice, "I don't understand."

"Lily?" I say, trying to keep my voice calm, "Are you alright?" 

Xavier hurriedly stands from his chair, "I'm going to find Healer Orm," he says.

"*Hurry* Xavier," I urge him in a hiss. I rush across the princess's room to the adjoining bathing chamber, trying to keep my hands from shaking, I hurry back to her side with a warm damp cloth and dab at the blood under my nose, trying to be as gentle as possible.

"Here," I say in my most coaxing voice,  "why don't you lay down."

She does as I ask without fighting, "This shouldn't be happening," she says in a slurred voice, confusion marring her flushed face.

My hand pauses where I'm dabbing at the blood up where it dripped down her neck, "The nose bleed you mean?" 

"I've been taking my medicine. It's supposed to stop this from happening."

"It's going to be okay," I say trying to convince myself as much as her, "Xavier went to a Healer. You're going to be fine."

She stares as me unconvinced, a flash of panic crossing her silver eyes. Something that feels like a boulder settles in my stomach, as dread drifts through me. 

She loses consciousness before Xavier returns.


_____________________________________________




I've never seen the Commander like this. 

A wild, untamable, frenetic energy pours off of him in waves. He looks like he's one wrong look away from completely losing his fucking shit on someone. Gods, I *really* hope that someone doesn't end up being me.

There's a tension in him voice that resounds like a bowstring tugged too tightly. He came storming into the princess's room not long after Xavier returned with healer Orm. Xavier and I stepped out into the hallway to give them some privacy, but we don't go far. 

We stand just outside her door to be close enough in case anyone needs something. I feel so useless right now- a part of me hopes that someone *anyone* will peek out into the hallway and give me a task to keep my hands busy enough I forget the hopelessness clawing my gut ragged.

The King and Orm had been talking quietly enough that we couldn't overhear their conversation until now-  

"Traveling with her in this condition could prove to do more damage to her if this doesn't work," the Commander growls, "So I need to know you're sure, Orm, or else you're going to have to search for another solution."

*Travelling?* With the Princess? *Now?*  

There's no fucking way- she can't even stay conscious. It would *kill* her.

"There *is* no other solution." Healer Orm, says, "Of that I am certain."

I twist my head sharing an anxious look with Xavier.

"Is he *fucking* insane?" I hiss under my breath.

Xavier's face is tight with tension, and he shrugs helplessly.  

"Whatever you decide," Orm tells him in a low voice, "you need to do it quickly."

 There's a long drawn out pause, the air riddled with the sort of tension you could cut through with a knife. 

Finally, the Commander's voice calls out, louder than before, so he's sure to hear him, "Xavier."

The door creaks as Xavier opens it to step into the princess's room,  "I need you to make preparations for us to travel north. We'll be leaving within the hour. Wake Leif and inform him as well."

"Yes, Commander." Xavier says, and pulls the door shut behind himself.

"Travel north where?" I hiss under my breath to Xavier, but he just shakes his head, running off without another word to follow the Commander's orders.

"I'll prepare something to help keep her asleep while you travel," Orm says, pulling open the door, "It's imperative that she conserve as much energy as possible until you reach Elfhame."

The healer meets my eyes for a single moment when he steps out into the hallway before hurrying away.

Elfhame? That's where they're taking her? But to what end? Why?

I know that I'll do whatever it takes to get her well again. To get my friend back. In a split second decision, I hurry off to pack my own bags. Because no matter what the Commander thinks is going to happen, I'm going to be going with them. And I won't be taking no for an answer.