###Chapter 1

LYRIC



"You used me!" I sobbed, crying to my mate who just rejected me. "Mating with me was your ladder to power, Roderick! Your Pack climbed the ranks because of me! Now that you've achieved your ambition, you don't need the ugly girl anymore, is that it? But you were willing to mate with me a year ago!"



"Oh, spare me!" Roderick rolled his eyes. "Don't act like you didn't know l'd have left you at some point.Hold on, did you really think I'd have made you the Luna of my Pack? I can barely stand the sight of you,Lyric. How do you expect me to take you to Alpha meetings and present you to others? You are disgusting!"


"But I did not give this scar to myself!" | cried bitterly.

"And you promised you'd take me to the best doctors. You didn't do any of that, Roderick! It'd have helped!"


"What? Even your own family doesn't care enough to take you to doctors, and you think I would? Quit,dreaming,Lyric and get out of my Pack!"


Tears blurred my vision. It wasn't the first time I was being called ugly, but it hurt more each time it came from Roderick.



I knew Roderick had no love for me when my family paired me with him a year ago. For a year, we lived like strangers despite being mated. I was still a virgin as he could not even bring himself to touch me.


It wasn't my fault I was ugly. Iwas burnt with a silver-base branding iron when I was a kid, leaving a huge scar by the side of my face. I still didn't know who was responsible for it, but l've had to grow up with this sting of rejection. Even my own family hated me and were embarrassed by my appearance.


But I thought Roderick would be different.I thought he'd love me. Apparently, in a world where ranks mattered the most to Pack Leaders, deceit was bound to happen.


I glared at him. I'd truly loved this man and wished he'd love me back. But now, I wish he'd suffer for what he did to me.


"You are a monster," I gritted the words. "And I hope you pay for this someday."


He threw back his head and laughed, a hollow sound."Cursed Lyric, how exactly is that going to happen?|am currently the third most powerful Alpha now. My Pack is up the ranks while your family is beneath me!There is nothing you can do to me anymore. You have always been and will always be worthless!


"Listen, I have rejected you already, and you have accepted. Although, there is one final formality left,but as far as I'm concerned, you're not longer anything to me. So, get your disgusting face out of my pack! This instant, before I have the guards throw you out!" His glare was icy, and before I could respond, he walked out. After I managed to pull myself together, I left Roderick's Pack and decided to head home-to my father's Pack. I hadn't been home since I moved into Roderick's Pack, and I hoped they'd be willing to take me in.


My family had never really liked me. Everything started falling apart after my mother left-abandoning me when I was four. Mly father chose a new mate and suddenly didn't have enough time for me. Then, I got my scar and he became even more distant.


The guards let me through the gate, but when I rang the bell of the lounge, my stepsister and her mother opened up. To my surprise, they wouldn't let me in.


"Go back to Roderick and beg him some more, Lyric.There is no room for you here," Nora said after l explained everything to them.


Despite my attempt to get them to pity me, letting them understand I had nowhere else to go, they ordered the guards to see me out. They've always taken me to be a disgrace to the family and were happy when I left for Roderick's Pack. Now, they didn't want me back.






By evening, I was seated in a bar, my favorite bar-Faceless Drunk. Over here, they mixed portions strong enough to get a wolf drunk, and you didn't have to worry about being recognized and judged as every customer made use of masks.


It had been my favorite bar for years. If people had to see my face, they'd think I was getting drunk because I was ugly.


"You're too ugly." I'd heard those words too many times, I could recite them in my sleep without missing a beat.


But above all, it was Roderick's betrayal that cut deep. It was even more painful that I could not do anything for him. His Pack was very powerful now,and I was an ugly, rejected girl who didn't even have a family to return to. Nobody could ever want me.
What was the point of living?


I emptied the last of my drink and was trying to stand when someone spoke from nowhere: "A refill for the lady,please."


I turned in surprise to find a man taking the seat beside me. The bartender nodded and proceeded to get a refill.


I furrowed my brows in surprise as I looked at the newcomer. I couldn't see his face as he was wearing a mask just like me, but something about the way he appeared told me he was sophisticated.


His suit was a Mason Étoile brand, and his watch was an Aristo Tempus watch. An average Wolf couldn't afford these things.



"You've been coming here to drink alone for some time now," he said, surprising me.


His voice... It was soothing and impossible to ignore.


I lowered my eyes, feeling alittle ashamed.How can he even tell? "I don't know what you're talking about."



"Your mask." He tipped his chin toward me. "You've never changed it."


Oh. "That means you also come here a lot."


" do. It's not quite up to my standard, but it's my favorite place. I like it when I don't get judged by anyone."


The barman returned with my drink. I thanked the newcomer before drinking from my glass.


"From the look of things, you must be troubled. I am,too. So, why don't we make a deal, Miss? Have fun for the night and go our separate ways by morning?"


I looked at him in shock. He was offering a one-night affiar!



"But y-you don't even know me," I muttered shyly.


"I do not need to. It is simply for fun."


There was something about the way he spoke. I could tell he was a man who didn't care about the feelings of others and was only out to get what he wanted.



"Although, I must warn you," he asked. "It will be a long night. I have... problems finishing on a woman.I never finish. So, like I said, it is simply for the fun of it."



Huh? He could not climax during intimacy? But I heard that was the best part of it. How could he enjoy intimacy if he had never finished on a woman before? The thought of it was sad.



Despite how absurd it sounded, a part of me was tempted. I'd always been curious about intimacy. No one has ever liked me because of my scar, not even my mate-ex-mate.


After much conviction from the newcomer, I gave it a thought.


"Can we keep our masks on?" You'll hate me just like the others if you see how ugly I am.

 
"Sure." He shrugged. "Your wish is my command, Princess."



Princess? My stomach churned.


Oh, no. He didn't know I looked like a monster. If he knew, he'd run off like the others.


I was tempted to cry. Sometimes, I really did wish l were treated like a 'Princess.'
###Chapter 2
LYRIC


We left the bar together, heading to his hotel as he called it. We drove off in his Arcanis GT. It was one of the most expensive cars in the world.



Whoever this man was, he was filthy rich. Could he possibly be an Alpha?


A part of me had been tempted to ask questions, but none of it mattered. We were simply going to make love and never see each other again.







It was the best night of my life. He made love to me in the sweetest way. Although, it was my first time,l wasn't sure intimacy could be any sweeter. I didn't want us to stop.


The stranger had been shocked to know I was a virgin. The entire session, he kept asking if I was fine and needed him to be more gentle. For the first time,someone cared about my feelings.


But something unusual happened during the intercourse.


Everything had been going so fine until he suddenly jerked while inside meand came with a deep groan.


I was shocked, but we were both in the moment and could not ask questions.



He got off me almost immediately, sitting on the edge of the bed.


"That is strange," he muttered to himself.


I was equally confused. I thought he couldn't finish on a woman?



He looked at me, and from how long it was, I could tell he was staring at me like l was a puzzle.


I was still lying on my back, exhausted. Soon, he joined me, lying beside me. He held his head up with his elbow.


"Who are you?" He ran a finger along my jaw. The touch was electric.


I swallowed hard. I am just an ugly girl who has been abandoned by everyone she's ever come across.


To my surprise, he took off his mask.


My mouth fell open in shock at the face before me.Good Moon! If he wasn't the most stunning man l'd ever met!



He was too good-looking. I could never have someone like him. He was too good for me.


I pulled the duvet further to conceal my body.


"You should've told me you were a virgin at the bar,"he said.



What did it matter? I didn't care about being a virgin anymore.


Slowly, his hand reached for my face. Realizing what he had in mind, I gasped and recoiled. "No." I shook my head, gripping the duvet tight.


"Why? You've seen my face."


Still, I shook my head.


"Our deal still stands. There's nothing to be afraid of." Hle added.


You don't understand! You'll hate me if you see my face.


The night was going too smoothly. I didn't want anything to ruin it.


"I'm ugly." I mumbled, dipping my head.


He seemed surprised.


He reached for my face again and this time, I didn't try to stop him. This was my fate.


He pulled off the mask, put a finger under my chin and tipped my head up to meet his gaze.


Tears glistened in my eyes as I stared into his silver charming eyes. He was staring right at my face, at my scar. He was going to run away now.



I shivered and closed my eyes when he ran a finger along the scar. What was he doing?


"What happened?" His tone was soft, his fingers still caressing my face.



I met his gaze and so far, there was no resentment in his eyes.



"S-Someone attacked me." I swallowed. "| was abducted and blindfolded while they hurt me. I've visited a lot of doctors, but none have been able to help"


Seconds passed. He didn't take his eyes off me.


"You're beautiful," he murmured. I frowned. What was he talking about? "You really think the scar makes you ugly?"


I shook my head, pulling my face away from his grasp. "I am ugly. Everyone tells me." More to my surprise, he pulled me in beside him,wrapping his arms around my shoulder. "Until tonight, I don't think I've ever met a lady as stunning as you, Princess."


My heart quickened as I listened to his heartbeat with my head on his chest. Uncontrollably, a tear escaped my eye. He was lying. He only wanted me to feel better.



"Do you think we could adjust our deal? I'd love to spend another day with you," he said, shocking me to the core.



What!? This was not possible. "Please."



My heart melted instantly. For the first time in my life,I was being begged to stay. Not leave.



I buried my face in his chest as I responded: "I'd love to." But like everyone eIse,he lied to me.


Like everyone else, I was deceived.


By morning,he was gone.


I woke up and couldn't find him in bed. There was no note, no trace that he had even been with me aside from the ache in-between my legs.


And to make it worse, someone showed up at the door, asking me to leave.


"The man I came with last night, do you think he'd come back?" I asked the man, my heart racing in my chest.



"No. It was his idea to get you to leave. He said he doesn't want to see you anywhere near this property.Please,leave this instant," the man said and left.


And just like that, my heart was shattered all over.But surprisingly, it hurt more than when I had been rejected by Roderick.
###Chapter 3 
LYRIC


"I'm sorry, ma'am; but I'm here to pick someone.I can't give you a free ride, if that's what you're asking." I struggled to hold back my laughter as l listened to Rufus, one of my father's oldest guards say, his eyes darting past my shoulder, looking out for the person he had been assigned to pick from the airport.



"I know. You have been sent to pick Lyric Harper,right? It's me, Rufus."


His eyes narrowed with suspicion. "You still haven't told me how you know my name. And...And how can you be Lyric? It's not possible." He shook his head."Lyric is-"


"Ugly?" | finished for him, a broad smile on my face.


He frowned as he shook his head. Back then, Rufus was the only one that had never been able to call me ugly. He was among the very few that had cared about my feelings, and even now, to a stranger,he still couldn't call me ugly.


I laughed. "Well, would it help if I reminded you that your favorite soup was butternut squash and you and little Lyric used to play Chutes and Ladders?"



Recognition beamed in his eyes. His jaw dropped in astonishment.



"Seraphis have mercy! Lyric, it's really you!" He opened his arms, and I didn't hesitate to fall in for a warm hug.


Back then, Rufus and I barely had time together, but he always made the few times we met worth it. He was the closest thing I had to a parent.


"How is this possible?" He inquired after asking how l was. "Your face... My goodness! You look gorgeous!You've only been gone for five years and... l-I can't believe this."
"It's a long story, Rufus. But for now, let's just say fates decided to smile on me."



"Oh, Lyric! You do not know how happy I am to see you.I am sure your father must be delighted seeing you're not...un-beautiful anymore." I laughed at his attempt not to use the word 'ugly' on me.


Well, as for my father, I rolled my eyes in my head.1felt a little sad that I was forced to return here after five years because of him. My life was perfect in Draconis.


"Here. I'll take this to the car," Rufus said, taking my luggage.


"You do that and I'll meet you in the car. I need to pick up an extra luggage. Don't worry, I'll be quick."


I turned around and had barely taken three separate Rufus called my attention, "You dropped something."


Looking at the floor, I found the scanned image. My heart jumped into my throat as I quickly crouched to retrieve it. Rufus watched with me with surprise. Obviously, he had seen the X-ray and would be wondering why the hell something of that nature had been in my back pocket.


Oh, Lyric. You couldn't be a little careful?


"It's-It's not mine," I cleared my throat, hoping my lie was plausible. I mean, who carried X-ray photos of fetuses in their back pocket?


Tucking it back into the pocket, I hurried away.







I had my hands crossed over my chest as I waited at the collecting center. My extra luggage would be brought to me at any moment.


As I waited idly, disturbing thoughts ran through my mind. Father wanted me home for two reasons. The first was to completely cut ties with Roderick.


In our world, when two wolves were getting mated,they tied a ribbon as a sign of their union and had it stored in a temple. So, when they wanted to part ways, there were two steps involved. First, they'd have to denounce themselves as mates with the words of their mouths, and secondly, cut the ribbon together.


After Roderick denounced me as his mate, we didn't get the chance to see each other again.Circumstances happened that pulled me away. But now, he was desperate to finish the final steps.Apparently, he'd chosen a new mate but couldn't accept her when he was still partially bound to me.


Well, I'd been looking forward to the day when I get to end things with the asshole. He was my past, and the stupid ribbon was the final thing holding us together.


"Excuse me, Ms. I'd like a moment of your time,please," someone said behind me.


I turned to see a well-built man in a black suit and dark shades over his eyes. I didn't need anyone to tell me he was a guard.


"Can I help you?" | furrowed my brows. "Kind of. The Alpha over there demands an audience with you."


I looked to where he pointed-a mini bar-but couldn't see the man he was referring to. His face was shielded by a counter.


I fought the urge to roll my eyes. These days, it was tiring. It was obvious there would never be a day where I'd step out without garnering attention from the opposite gender.


"I'm in a hurry. Tell him I'm sorry." I responded.


The guard's jaw tightened. "You can't ignore him." I read the unspoken words from his tone: He's a powerful Alpha.You can't simply ignore his request.


But I really wasn't interested in meeting anyone. "I'm sorry.I really am."


I looked away. It was disrespectful to ignore an Alpha's call. In a world where ranks mattered,he could be one of the powerful ones and could punish m e severely, but I really wasn't in the mood to talk to anyone.



"It's Alpha Roderick of Nightshade." The guard added as if to entice me. But he had no idea, he had just reopened old wounds.


My eyes moved to him, then quickly flicked to the bar where the man was seated. Roderick? As in my ex-mate Roderick? The one I was here to end things with? No way.


My chest tightened with pain and it was all I could do to keep my emotions intact.


"More reason not to see him," I mumbled, turning away.


"Did you say something?"


"I said I am not seeing him." I gritted the words, my nails digging into my palms.


The guard gave me a disapproving stare before walking away, and I released a shaky breath.


Now, where the hell was my luggage? I met one of the workers and demanded an update,and he assured me it'd be here any minute.


Unfortunately, they were not fast enough as shortly,I saw Roderick approaching me.
###Chapter 4
LYRIC


Roderick Fletcher.


The one man I'd hoped would love me but never did.


The mind was a bitch. I thought | was over Roderick's betrayal and wouldn't feel a thing when I met him.But watching him as he approached me, looking like he was the one in charge made my eyes rim with tears.


I sniffled and looked away, forcing the tears back in.


"So, I had to come over to speak to you myself," he leaned against the counter beside me. "How daring."



My throat was tight, unable to find any words.I feared there would be a crack in my voice if l managed to speak.


Three guards hovered beside him, their eyes darting around. Roderick looked sophisticated, like he'd obviously been having a good life.


What was he even doing here? Was he picking someone?



"What's the name?" He tilted his head as he asked.



I said nothing, won't even look at him.


"Hello?"



"I don't feel like disclosing my name to strangers,"|finally managed. My voice was tight.


His eyes beamed with amusement. And here was a man who never smiled at me when we were together for one year.


"Let's just say I'm overly excited today," he sighed."I'm here, waiting for a certain bitch to arrive." When I gave him a puzzled look,he added, "Ex-mate. We are through with the first step and just have the tiny little step to go. I'd finally be free of her."


I scoffed. He was unbelievable. "I'd have done this sooner, you know? But the horrid girl has been missing for years. Stressed us the hell out to find her." He spoke with raw disdain.


"What makes you call her horrid?" | found myself asking before I could stop.


He chuckled. "Trust me, honey; she's a monster.If you see her, you'd have the same opinion. She's the ugliest thing I've ever seen."


Something hot exploded in my chest. It was all I could do not to let my emotions rush out.


No. This was not the right place.


But Roderick was the true monster. He had no idea he was standing before the very woman he despised.What would proud he do if he gets to know?


It made sense why he was waiting at the airport.He clearly wanted to drag me to the temple to cut the ribbon. Well, I wouldn't let him humiliate me in public.Not again.


Fortunately, my luggage finally arrived. "Sorry for the delay, ma'am," the young man said as he rolled it to me.



Not looking at Roderick, I made to leave. That must have surprised him. "I'd love to speak to you some other time. Your contact, if you don't mind."


For a moment, I stood with my back to him,contemplating my words. I turned around when I found the most polite one | could give; "Even if I have to give up my number to save myself from you, l wouldn't do it. AIpha."


When my words sank in, surprise danced in her eyes,followed by a hint of hurt.


Something blossomed in my chest. It was pride.



So, I rolled my luggage away, leaving him standing there in shock.



****+****+



Rufus and I arrived home to the party. It was my stepmother's birthday party. Not that I had any intention of attending-may the moon forbid it-l just arrived at a coincidentally perfect time.



I wasn't dressed for the party. Had my simple jeans and shirt on with my hair in a ponytail. Yet, when l entered the hall, heads turned in my direction.


I felt awkward for a moment. The whole attention thing was still new to me.


I never knew I could receive so much compliments until I was free of my scar. Now, people could hardly stare at me without telling me how beautiful | was.


My stepsister, Nora, walked up to me with a smile."Hi! You're a little late for the party. What's your name?"



Typical Nora. From young, she's always wanted to be friends with the hot girls. She despised me so much as I brought a 'stain' to her name. A scarred lady being her sister.



Five years ago, she had slammed the door inh face, not letting me in despite my pleas. Now, she was being all nice.


"I'm not here for the party," I answered her coldly and looked away, scouring around for my father.


I found him in a corner with my stepmother and some guests. He was the reason I was here. I needed to know what was so urgent aside from cutting ties with Roderick.



He had his eyes on me, staring suspiciously.I went toward him.



"Hey! Who are you?" Nora came after me, sounding a little hurt.



But I ignored her until I reached father.


My father was a well known Alpha, hence the party filled with dignitaries. I did well to bow my head to them as I stood before father.


"Who are you?" My stepmother asked.


I met her gaze with a smirk. "Am I that different that you can't recognize me?" I looked to father. "What about you, father? Am I too different?"


Audible gasps rippled around me. Nora's hand went over her mouth.



"It's not possible," she muttered, shaking her head.


"Lyric?" Father's eyes were filled with shock and recognition.


"Who's this impersonator?" My stepmother snapped."Do you think we lack knowledge of what Lyric looks like? You think we'd fall for this scam?"


I focused my gaze on dad. "I'm only here 'cause you said there was something important you needed to talk to me about. If you don't mind, I'd like for us to have that conversation now."



Father took me to his study, leaving numerous shocked persons behind who couldn't utter a word.


I wouldn't deny how good it felt to know I was the reason they were speechless. They couldn't call me ugly. As a matter of fact, I'd never be called ugly by anyone, ever again.


"What happened to you, Lyric? Your scar was impossible to get rid of," Father asked.


"I don't wish to discuss it nowv." Or the horrible things that happened within five years. I was still trying to run from them. "Just tell me why you needed me here."



"Yes, that," his countenance soured. "You have no idea how happy I was when. I found you after searching for years. You just... vanished." He sighed."We have a problem, Lyric. Our Pack is in a deep mess with Darkspire. I-I made some mistake and lost a lot of money-a whole lot-making me indebted to Darkspire."



Okay, I did not like where this was headed.


Darkspire was a generational wolf pack, known to produce only the strongest Alphas. The Alphas that always ranked first in the hierarchy system. They were avoided as much as possible as they were known to be vicious. One did not get tangled with them for any reason.


"If word of this gets out, we'd be doomed. We'd go down the ranks, and coming from a pack that was used to being at the top, believe me, it is not a good thing for us. But they're willing to let it go."


I furrowed my brows. It didn't make any sense.I sensed a huge 'But' coming.


"But they need a Luna from this family, for just a year."
###Chapter 5
LYRIC


It had to be a joke. Or at the very least, not what l was thinking.


Father's eyes turned more serious as he moved toward me. "I thought of offering Nora to him, but she's already with someone else, and the Alpha King might become furious if he thinks we're trying to offer him someone else's woman. This is the reason you're the only choice we have, Lyric. And...you have no idea how perfect it is that you have your face back. Initially, I had been worried we'd have issues with the Alpha King accepting you, but now, I am confident he'll be thrilled."


"Hold on," I scoffed, placing a hand on my thigh."Please don't tell me you made me travel all the way from Draconis just to be told that I am about to be sacrificed to a demon." No wolf was stranger to the name ' Darkspire'.Even me who knew little of Pack matters still knew how dangerous they were and nobody wanted to have anything to do with them; not in this life, not in another.



"Alpha Jaris is not a demon," Father said with surprise.


"But that is exactly what he is. Years ago, you said the same thing."


Alpha Jaris Dreadmoor was the most vicious man I'd ever heard about. Tales of how he had conquered his enemies-and sometimes, his friends-were no news to the Pack. Being from a family that produced only the strongest Alphas, he was currently the Alpha King of Darkspire, a man everyone feared and didn't wish to end in his bad books. I didn't know what he looked like. I'd never been privileged enough to meet someone like Jaris Dreadmoor. Not that I ever wanted to.



"There are rumors that he killed his own father and brother!" | raised my hand in the air. "How do you want me to be with someone like that?"


"Those are mere speculations, Lyric. Besides,you'll only be with him for a year."


"You don't need a year to kill someone, dad. All it takes is a minute, tops. But for someone like Jaris,I'm sure half a minute would do. Besides,why does it even have to be for a year?"


From what I heard, Darkspire didn't have a Luna yet since Jaris' rise to ascension. But if he wanted to take up a Luna, wouldn't it be long term or something? Why was he only asking for a year?


"Honestly, I don't know, Lyric."


"And you don't care," I cut in, pain edging toward my heart. "All you care about is giving him a Luna so you can get the problem off your back. You don't care about the problem you're putting on mine."



For a fraction of a second, wonder flashed across his face. The Lyric he knew would never argue with him.She'd have humbly agreed to anything he wanted. Well, let's just say I got to know my worth when l realized how beautiful | was. This Lyric was tired of being people's puppets.


Father came close enough to take my hand. This time, he looked so troubled, I feared he might go on his knees.



"Lyric, please." He gave my hand a little squeeze."This is the last I'll ask of you as your father. Just do this for me, for only a year. And I promise, you'll make me the happiest father."



＊＊＊＊十



Hours later, I stood in my room-or what used to be my room-staring at my reflection in the mirror. I was wearing a long red dress with my hair falling over my shoulder.I was fully ready to meet Alpha Jaris, even though I'd rather | don't.


Something didn't feel right. Him wanting a Luna for only a year....it was wrong. But father had nearly gone on his knees begging me earlier. I could disappoint him. Besides, before he got mated to his second wife, there were times he'd been good to me.



| tried to resist the temptation as I stared at the drawer before me. But failing woefully, I still opened it and retrieved the scan. My heart fractured completely, old wounds reopening.


It was the one picture in the world that had the power to kill me every single time I looked at it, yet it was like a drug to me. I was addicted and could barely go an hour without touching it. Feeling it.



A tear dropped from my eye as I glided my finger across the images outlining the shapes of the unborn babies in the womb.



Five years, yet still the best thing that's happened to me.And the worse. But I'd rather hold onto the fact that it was the best.


It hurt so bad staring at them, but | couldn't stop.


The sound of someone trying to open my door broke into my thoughts. I jerked back to reality and quickly hid the picture. I'd made sure to lock the door a while ago, not wanting anyone to see me with the photo.


Getting the door, I found Nora, fuming.


"How did you get rid of your scar?" Her voice blared with indignation. "And what exactly is your plan? You want everyone to see the beautiful you, don't you?"


I rolled my eyes, my earlier pain dissolving temporarily. "Please, don't tell me you knocked on my door just to whine about how good I look.What,you really thought I'd look that heinous forever?"


Her glare turned even icier. "Well, just so you know,this won't change a thing between you and Roderick.Soon, he'll be here, both of you would go to the temple and finish your breakup."



It dawned on me instantly. Oh, no.


"Wait," I blinked. "You and Roderick?"



A triumphant smile played on her lips. "Years ago,things didn't work between us. But now, he's ready to choose me." Well, if Roderick wasn't a bigger bastard.


"Ugh, you disappoint me, Nora. Using my leftovers?"I tsked. "Considering you've always thought yourself the pretty one, I expected better from you."


A tense glare pulled her brows together. She opened her mouth to say something, but I caught her off."You don't have to worry. I'm done with Roderick and can't wait to fully end things with him." I slammed the door in her face.







A while later, father and I arrived Darkspire in one of his luxury cars. The Pack, which was known to be the biggest and wealthiest, was just as beautiful as people said.



I was dazzled by the sight and couldn't believe for a moment that I'd be Luna here.


Alighting our car, father and I were led into one of the buildings by some maids while his guards remained outside. The Grand Luna-Jaris' mother-was in the large living room to welcome us.



"Bennett! I am so glad you made it," the Luna said,her eyes holding little amusement.


"Greetings, Luna." | dipped my head.


She regarded me with surprise. "Is this your daughter?" She asked dad. "Well, bless Seraphis,she's gorgeous!"


I couldn't help my smile. Luna Isolde, during her time,was a formidable Luna. She had ruled beside her late husband with an iron fist, destroying everyone who dared cross her path. I'd always wished to meet her.


"Please, come sit while we wait for Alpha Jaris.He'll be joining us shortly," she showed us to the couch.


Her version of 'shortly' turned out to be almost an hour later. Father and I were already exhausted and kept staring at the door, wondering how long it'd take the Alpha to arrive. Wasn't he aware he'd be having guests? His...new Luna? At a point, Isolde looked angry and left. When she returned, she reassured us he'd soon be here. And indeed,he did come.


The air shifted in the room the second the door opened,revealing a man and two others behind him.


The Luna drew in a breath of relief as she rose to her feet. Father and I did same.


It was easy spotting who the Alpha was as the two other men flanked him. But the moment I had a clear view of his face, my world shattered.


No.No.


Horror gripped my chest, squeezing it until | felt pain.This had to be some twisted joke. Because how in Selene's name was I staring at the face of the very man that had ruined me five years ago?
###Chapter 6
"Jaris, you're here." Isolde said with relief. "Please,meet Alpha Bennett of Ravencrest. This is his daughter we talked about."


I'd stopped breathing since he walked in. In that moment, nothing else, other than the pain in my chest seemed to exist.



Memories I'd been fighting so hard to stay buried reared their ugly heads at me. And the name 'Princess' echoed in my head, hauntingly, I wanted to scream.



He had been Jaris? Alpha of Darkspire? | couldn't believe this.


Unlike that night, when he looked at me with those charming eyes and called me beautiful, his eyes were very cold now; devoid of emotion. He didn't look like the man I'd wanted to spend an extra day with. He looked ruthless, like a man I wanted to run as far away as possible from.


Now it made sense. That night, he'd only been sweet 'cause he wanted to deceive me. Oh, how foolish l had been. And how he must have laughed at me when I lay my head on his chest. He must have been disgusted too.


I contemplated running. I didn't want to be with him;didn't want to be his Luna.



But before I could make a move, he walked away, not without giving me an icy stare.


Luna Isolde looked taken aback and embarrassed.



"Um.Ex-Excuse me." She went after him.



Father and I returned to our seats. But unlike him, I was battling to hold back my tears.


It hurt. So so bad. He had been a monster like everyone else and had deceived me. I never thought I'd see him again.


I suddenly realized how disrespectful he had been to father. My father was an older Alpha, yet he hadn't even acknowledged him.


My head was a jumbled mess. I couldn't do this.


I rose to my feet and started toward the door.


"Lyric?" Dad's voice halted me. "Where are you going?"


When I looked at him, I suddenly didn't have the courage to tell him I was done with this.


"l-I just need to use the restroom."


"I'll show you, ma'am," a maid stepped forward wearing a warm smile.


I filled her up the stairs to the second floor where l was shown to a row of restrooms. As soon as I shut the door behind me, I burst into tears, my facade finally dissolving.


I leaned against the door and cried for a long time,letting it all out-the pain, the rejection. I'd only known him for a night, yet his betrayal had cut deeper than anything else. After getting my scar, he was the first man to ever make me feel loved, and the first to take it away so quickly. It'd have been better if he had never said those words to me and made me think he was different.



I had to put it behind me. It was a thing of the past now. I shouldn't let it bother me this much.


When I was done getting the tears out, I wiped my face and left the room. The maid was gone.



I was trying to find my way back to the ground floor when I heard tiny running footsteps and turned to see a little kid running toward me.



My brows furrowed, and for a strange reason, there was a sharp ache in my heart.


She couldn't be older than four or five years of age.She had familiar silver eyes, hair styled into a ponytail and was the most beautiful kid l'd seen in a long time. But she looked sad as she ran toward me.



She stopped in front of me, having to tilt her head back to stare into my face. "Aunty, can you help my brother?"


I stared at her in amazement. "Your brother? Is he in trouble?"


More to my surprise, she took one of my fingers and began pulling me toward the direction she had come from.


Okay, this was odd. I didn't even know who she was or where she'd come from. But for her to come to me for help, her brother must needit. I'd be helping a little kid.



As I followed her, I glanced down at the part where our hands were joined. Why did I feel so at ease with her touching me? Why did she feel so...familiar?


"Uh...what kind of trouble is your brother in, honey?"Iasked.


"A serious one." She sounded so sad. Now, I was curious.



We finally got to a door which she pushed open, and the moment I stepped into the room and saw what she had brought me in to see, my body froze.
###Chapter 7 
LYRIC


On the bed was a young boy, just about the girl's age,shaking profusely.


It wasn't shivering kind of shake. He looked like someone who was in hell.


His forehead was beaded with sweat, and his tiny hands were fisted around the sheets. I didn't think I'd seen a little child in so much pain before.



"My goodness, what is wrong with him?" | asked,alarmed, as I ran to meet him in the bed.


His eyes were tightly shut, small grunts of pain escaping his throat.



"It happens to him often but it's getting worse by the day. I don't know where mummy went, and daddy's busy. I can't go to him." Touching the boy's forehead, it was as hot as burning coal, I almost hissed. For the love of Selene,he was in a terrible state! A child like him didn't deserve to go through this.


I should be finding a way to get him to his parents to take him to a doctor, but I think I might know what to do.


I turned to the little girl to ask her something,only to discover she was crying. A part of my heart fractured.



"Don't worry, honey, he'll be fine. I'll make him fine,"|said, hoping that would assure her. "I just need your help gathering some things."


With her help, I was able to get a bowl of warm water from the bathroom andsome napkins.


I sat on the bed, lifted the boy's head onto my legs and gently massaged his forehead with one of the napkins which l'd dipped into the bowl. I repeated the process for a while, the whole time, praying to the protectors of the moon to help him.
By the time I finished with the napkin, he was a bit calmer. I moved to massage the back of his head, a spot in particular. This should do the final trick.


In a few minutes, the boy had stopped shaking and looked like he was in a simple nap. Being calmer,I was able to see how handsome he looked. His hair looked so lustrous and perfect that for a moment,was tempted to tousle it.


"He looks fine," the little girl said.


"What's your name?"


"Xyla," she blushed, amusing me.


"That's a pretty name."


More to my amusement, her cheeks became increasingly rosy. She was such a cute little girl.


"Do your parents go to work? Is that why they aren't here?" | was curious to know why the boy was alone when he was clearly sick.



"Mummy goes to work sometimes, but daddy's here. My father is the Alpha."


It was like a canon blast rang out in my skull. My fingers which were still massaging the boy's head instantly froze, my pulse quickening.


I looked at the girl, wide-eyed. "Y-Your father is Alpha Jaris?"


She nodded, wearing a smile like she was proud of it.


My world came crumbling down.


No, this was not possible. Jaris had kids!? And possibly a lover?


It was not supposed to be a problem, but these kids looked like five-year-olds the exact time he had slept with me, right before he abandoned me in the morning.


So, he already had a family when he met me at the bar? What did that say about him? He was a cheat?


"Are you alright, aunty?" The little girl asked,snapping me back to reality. Staring at her now made me a little emotional. Of course, there had never been any hope for Jaris and me. He already had a beautiful family to start with.


"I'm fine, sweetheart." I managed a smile.


I couldn't help but wonder who their mother was. She must have been prettier than I was five years ago.How could Jaris have left her for me?



I wouldn't have had an issue with him abandoning me in the morning if he hadn't given me hope that night.He had called me beautiful and even asked for an extra day. But in the end, he was just like the others.This whole thing had been a mistake.



The door suddenly opened, happening just in time to stop my stupid tears from spilling. A young woman,who looked about my age, entered, wearing a long pretty dress.


She froze at the door, her face contorting in a frown as she looked at me like I was a ghost.


"Who are you?" Her voice when she spoke was smooth, hinting at a woman wvho had been privileged in life.



The little boy was still asleep on my legs. I was afraid to wake him up with any slight movement.


"Hi. I'm Lyric," I said with a small smile. Who was she?



"I don't give a hoot about your name, lady. What the hell are you doing in here? And why are you holding my son?"


It crashed over me like an unexpected wave, leaving me reeling for some seconds.Oh,wow...


She was Jaris' lover. Of course, he must love her to have kids with her.


As gently as possible, I lifted the little boy's head onto a pillow and stood.


"Do I have to call the guards on you?" The lady asked, her tone not friendly one bit.


Before | could respond, Xyla did. "I called her mummy. Xylon was having one of his crises and needed help. I was on my way to get help when l found her in the passage."



The lady huffed. "So, you invite strangers into your room? Where did you learn that, Xyla?"


There was something about the way the lady communicated with the kid that made me uncomfortable. Even the little girl slightly recoiled.


Her gaze sharp, she turned back to me. "I think you're grown enough to know better than to listen to what kids say. It was wrong of you have follow a little girl in here."



"Okay... But I had to save a suffering child. Wasn't that worth it?" What was her problem? I thought she'd be appreciative or something.


She rolled her eyes. "It's not like you can do anything for him. I have been the one taking care of Xylon since his crisis began. Nobody has been able to help him other than me." "But the aunty was able to help him, mummy," the little girl said. "And Xylon got better immnediately.I'd never seen him recover so quickly."


I watched surprise flicker through the lady's eyes.She looked at the boy on the bed again, and this time, there was a certain recognition in her eyes, like she was just noticing he was indeed better.

###Chapter 8

"It must be mere luck," she cleared her throat. "I'm sure she didn't have to do much."



I was tempted to laugh. Mere luck? Did she have any idea the effort I had to put in?


She stepped away from the door. "Leave. Now."


For a spitting second, I wondered why Jaris wasn't making her his Luna. She looked beautiful and already had kids for him.



"I'm sorry l invaded your kids' privacy. The little boy just needed help, and I thought it'd be wrong to ignore him." Dipping my head, I left the room.


JARIS



I knew what would happen the moment I walked out on them. My mother was never one to let things go,especially not this. Although, for the first time, I wish she'd get off my back.


My beta Kael, and head of security Nerion, waited outside my room. I was trying to take off my accessories when she entered, her eyes anything but pleased.


"What're you doing, Jaris? We've been waiting for over an hour."


I know she was angry enough to want to yell, but my mother knew better than to yell at me. It wasn't an action that was appreciated by me.


"| didn't ask anyone to wait," I answered without looking at her as I unstrapped my watch.


"Oh, come on! We've discussed this already. It is important you have a Luna at this time."


"Well, pardon me, mother, if I'm not too eager to bond with someone I feel nothing for and never will."


"And nobody's asking you to feel anything for her. As a matter of fact, it's only going to be for a year!Bennett's daughter is the only necessity that you are well aware of. In a year, we'll be through wvith her-that is, if she survives-and truthfully, you know I don't care.


But you only have to put up with her for a year,Jaris.Hopefully, before then, we'd have found your mate,and she would become the true Luna of the people."I did not miss the smile that crossed her face."Everything would be perfect. Just do this, please.Besides, the elders are beginning to talk. We have to get them off our backs. It's like killing two birds with one stone."



"I'm tired, mother. Let's save this riveting talk for later, when I can actually pretend to care," I cut her off, honestly tired of hearing her say things | didn't want to hear.


"Fine. I'll go. But you need to see her, at least," she spoke the words like a bargain.


I knew my mother had a point. I urgently needed a Luna for two reasons, but the thought of being with someone | felt absolutely nothing for irritated me.I didn't want to be with anyone. "Let her go. I do not want to see her. Not now, at least."



"Jaris..."



"I'm done with this conversation. And trust me,mother, my ability to stay polite is slipping fast." My tone had no room for further argument, and my gaze when I looked at her was icy.


I couldn't exactly be faulted. Growing up, I've always hated to be controlled. And when I finally became Alpha, it grew worse. I didn't like anyone telling me what to do. I also didn't like to be disobeyed. If it wasn't for the fact that she was my mother, there would have been repercussions.


Finally, she did leave, giving me some space.


I finished undressing and changed into a simpler outfit for the night. I hada lot of work to do, but my mood had already been ruined. So, I simply took a seat at my study table.


Beside me, there was a safe. Inputting my passcode, I took out the photo. A certain calm enveloped me,but at the same time, I felt a sharp sting.


After five years, I couldn't believe | was yet to get over her. Who was she and what did she do to make me so addicted? Why did she have to hurt me the way she did?


I traced my fingers along the outline of her face. It was a faint image of her leaving the hotel that morning. It wasn't clear, but it was better than having nothing.


It was just an image, yet it meant the world to me.Whatever happened to her? Was she dead? Because for five years, I'd been searching for her but to no avail.


If only my mother could understand that I felt nothing for Bennett's daughter or my fated mate she's been desperately searching for.


In our world, seeing your fated mate was rare. Most times, we had to choose a person we were attracted to. I'd found my fated mate nine years ago, but lost her before we could even bond. And since then,mother had been keen on finding her. But I didn't care even about her.


The only woman I cared about was the very one in my hand.


My princess.


She was the one I wanted to make my permanent Luna.Where did she go?


＊＊＊＊十



Hours later, when I was sure the unwanted guests were gone, I left to check on the kids. Fortunately,Xyla and Xylon were playing on the bed with Xyla giggling 'cause she was winning.


My heart warmed up at the sight-my favorite sight.These days, they were the only reason I get to experience true joy, even if I could hardly express it.


Marta was by the side of the room, mixing something in a bowl. And I didn't miss the interest that sparked in her eyes when she saw me. Upon seeing me, the kids jumped out of bed.


"Daddy! Are you donefor the day?" Xyla asked.


She did most of the talking as Xylon had problems expressing himself.


For the next one minute, we had a light conversation on how both our days went.


"Daddy, Xylon had one of his crises today," Xyla said,shattering the tiny peace I felt.


"Did you?" I looked at him, running my fingers through his hair.


His gaze dropped to the floor, indicating his sadness.


It was always a torment for him, and it broke me each time he suffered it without remedy.


For years, I'd employed the best doctors from all over the world to treat him, not none had been able to help. It was devastating that there were certain things my wealth and title could not solve.


"But he had quickly gotten better!" Xyla expressed. "Unlike before, he didn't suffer for much today."



My brows furrowed. "Okay. What happened?"



"Someone treated him."
###Chapter 9
JARIS



Someone else treated Xylon? How did that happen without my knowledge?


And was it really effective like Xyla claimed?


Xylon had been suffering from this for years. No one has been able to help.


"Who was it?" | asked, more interested than ever.


"Oh, silly Xyla," Marta suddenly cut in, chuckling."Did you really have to call me someone else? You want it to be a surprise?"


Holding a cup of what she had been mixing, she approached Xylon with it, urging him to drink.


"Xyla just wants it to be a surprise, Jaris. I actually came up with a new formula, and thankfully, it worked. Right, Xyla?" She offered a smile and touched Xyla's hair with tenderness. "Why don't you go get some water for your brother,honey?"


Xyla stood up and left without saying a word. She looked uncomfortable.



"So,it was you?"|asked Marta.


"Of course. Who else would come into the kids'room?"



It made sense. No one would enter to treat Xylon without my permission. Besides, Marta was the head doctor at the Central Pack Hospital, and she had been working tirelessly to find a solution for Xylon's health. It was believable that she might be close to finding one.


"So," she cleared her throat, folding her hands while her eyes dropped to the floor. "I heard you had a guest today. Your future Luna."


Okay, that was it. I wasn't ready for another conversation that would get me into a worse mood.


"I'm not doing this, Marta."
"Why can't I be enough for you and your mother?"There was a crack in her voice. "Come on, Jaris! I've given you two kids. An heir! How do you and your mother despise me so much?"


"I told you from the onset that bearing these kids was not going to be enough to make you my Luna.Don't get me wrong, I love my kids with every fiber of my being, but we didn't agree on them before you became pregnant, Marta. And I made it clear to you that I had no intention, whatsoever, of making you my Luna. So, quit trying to play the victim card."


Making someone like Marta my Luna would be a big mistake. She was vile, poorly mannered and hardly cared for others. While I was most of these things,I couldn't have a Luna that was just like me. Two monsters could not exist.



I had actually been shocked when she took in. Like it was with every woman, I had not been able to finish with her. But then, it wasn't medically impossible for her to take in even without me coming. And it felt good to have the one thing I never thought I could  have. But it still wasn't enough to make someone like her my Luna.


Her eyes became teary, and I knew I had to leave to avoid any more of her dramas.


"Come to my room when you're free, okay?" | said to Xylon who nodded happily.


It dawned on me that his mother and I just had an inappropriate discussion in front of him.


Damn it.


Tousling his hair, I left the room.


LYRIC



And here I was, thinking my new face could never be rejected.Apparently, Alpha Jaris was an exception.


It stung when his mother returned and told us the Alpha was busy but promised to get back to us.l didn't need anyone to tell me it was a polite way of saying "he is not interested."


Well, maybe it was a good thing, because I didn't 
think I was interested in him anymore. He was a liar,rude and arrogant. I didn't want to be with someone like that.



Father was clearly disappointed. The entire ride home, he didn't say a word to me.


Reaching home, Nora stormed toward me, looking furious.



"Why did you have to take so long to come home?Roderick was here and ready to take you to the temple. But he got tired of waiting!" She stomped her feet like the spoiled brat that she was.


"Tune it down, Nora. She was with me, don't forget,"father said, putting a rein on her anger, though she rolled her eyes.


"You'd better be home tomorrow. He'll be here again to take you to the temple." She huffed. "I wish you were here to see how eager he was to end this silly thing with you."


"I am just as eager, Nora. You don't have to worry; l have no intentions of taking back something l rejected." I turned to leave.


"Drop the illusion, Lyric. He rejected you first." Nora's words wounded me, freezing me to the spot.


For a moment, I felt the bitter reminder of a pain I'd been trying to bury.


Without sparing her a glance, I walked away.


＊＊＊＊＋＊＊＊＊＋＊＊＊＊十



JARIS



Xyla and Xylon came over to spend some time with me when they were done with their mother. They simply played with their tabs while I focused on some tasks.



But the whole time, I noticed Xyla was unhappy.


When it was their bedtime, one of their nannies came over to take them to the room.



I pulled Xyla aside. "Is something wrong?"She remained silent, dropping her gaze to the floor.


"You know you can tell me anything. Do you need something? Anything at all?"



She shook her head. "I am just worried about Xylon."



"What about him?"



"I'm afraid his crisis will return and no one will be around to help him. For the first time today, someone was able to treat him in minutes. It'd be nice if she could be around more often to help him."



Someone? "Are you referring to mum?"


She shook her head, then glanced back at the door suspiciously. Xylon and the nanny were waiting outside.



"Mummy told me not to tell you, but I'm worried about Xylon. Mummy wasn't the one that had taken care of him today," she revealed, surprising me. "It was one beautiful aunty. She had been wearing a red dress." Red dress. My thoughts spun.


Hold on. Alpha Bennett's daughter!?
###Chapter 10
LYRIC



I woke up feeling better than I'd slept the previous night. I made a mental calculation of the things l needed to do.


Since father's union with Darkspire didn't work out,it was safe for me to return to Draconis, right?


Draconis was a human country. Over there, I had a job, good human friends, and kind neighbours. It was nothing like the chaotic and violent world of the wolves, and I'd very much love to return to it.


I concluded on telling father about it before the end of today. I'll also end my final mate bond with Roderick, then I'll be free. My life would go back to being perfect.


My heart was light with joy as I freshened up and decided to drive out for breakfast. Of course, there were tons of food in the house, but I felt like cruising around the Pack-one last time, at least. My father's pack wvas quite beautiful.


But just as my car turned onto the street, a ridiculously bright red car swerved right into my lane,nearly slamming into me. I had to stomp on the brakes so hard I thought I'd snap my foot off.The seatbelt yanked me back, saving me from kissing the steering wheel.


Now, who the hell was this blind oof? You've got to be kidding me!


The offending car just sat there, far too close to mine, as if daring me to lose my temper. WVell,congratulations, buddy-you won. Fury bubbling under my skin, I threw open my door and stomped over, ready to give them a piece of my mind.


"Hey!" I knocked on the tinted window. "What are you doing? You almost hit me!"


I couldn't see who it was yet, but obviously, it had to be an arrogant, mannerless twerp. The front door finally opened, and out stepped a man in dark shades, leaning casually against the car like he'd just parked in a VIP spot at the Oscars.


"You're lucky I didn't run into you completely,'cause trust me, that was my intention," he drawled in a grumpy tone.


What? Was he kidding me?


"Are you-" I paused, instantly realizing how familiar he looked.



There was somethingabout his cocky smirk and perfectly messy dark hair that struck a chord.


I furrowed my brows, trying to recall where I'd seen him. And then, like lightning, it struck me.


"Jace!?"



The grin that spread across his face could've rivaled a toothpaste commercial. He pulled off his shades dramatically, tossing them onto the dashboard like he was auditioning for a rom-com. Then, in the most exaggerated announcer voice, he declared, "Ding-ding-ding! Give the lady a prize! Took you long enough, Lyric. I was beginning to think your memory got fried in the crash that almost happened. Come here!"



Before I could stop myself, I burst into laughter-the kind that makes your stomach hurt-and practically threw myself into his arms.


＊＊＊＊＋＊＊＊＊十



Jace and I were childhood friends, long before | got my scar. He was the one person who never shied away from me, although at some point, he became inconsistent as he was away to a new country. I was devastated when he left 'cause he had been the one true friend I had left.


We haven't seen each other in over fifteen years.I was surprised when he could recognize me without my scar. Apparently, Rufus had taken a picture of me at the airport and had it sent to him.


"So,how have you been, Lyric? I haven't seen you in like, what, thirty years?" Jace said as he locked some whipped cream off his fingers. We were in a cozy little restaurant by the window, sharing breakfast.


"Jace! I'm only twenty-five." I rolled my eyes at him.


"Alright, fine. But you've grown into one beautiful woman, Lyric. Like, literally," he pointed at my face,making me laugh.


I let my gaze roam over him like I was just seeing him for the first time. "You too, Bee. You've grown into a fine young man."


And I was serious. He has really worked on his body and developed alI the abs and...


"Hey, we're adults now. Stop calling me that name."He stabbed his finger in the air toward me.


I couldn't help but laugh. He'd always hated that name.


We talked about so many things, including how Roderick had used and dumped me.


"I swear, if I ever see that slimy Alpha, I'll rearrangehis face," Jace fumed.



"I'm afraid you can't. He's one of the most powerful Alphas now," I rolled my eyes, although my heart hurt from the truth.



"And my father's the Lycan Chairman-don't forget that."



Well, that also was true. Jace's father had the power to declare war on a Pack. Apparently, Jace was his heir and would be taking over once his father retires.



But then, there was no need for a war.


"So, have you found someone yet?" I asked a while later, wanting to change the topic.


Jace had always had issues sustaining a relationship with a woman. It was one of the problems I worried about for him.



"Nah. Believe me, Lyric, I've tried. I've given a lot of bitches too many chances, but it's just not working out. I don't know." He shrugged. "Maybe it's because you're not trying enough. You're too flirty to stay committed, Jace."


"Uh-uh. Trust me, I've tried, Ly."


Suddenly, there was a certain interruption.


The restaurant suddenly went quiet as two men walked into the place, two men whose presence screamed power.


They had the build of guards with faces as hard as rocks. I recognized them in an instant. They had been with Jaris yesterday.



My heart skipped a beat. Was it a coincidence that they were walking towards our table?


"Uh... Do those guys think we have an extra seat here or something?" Jace asked, watching with suspicion.


The two men finally came to a stop before us.


"A warm morning to you, Ms. Harper,"' the first one spoke. He looked kinder than the other. deeply sorry we have to interrupt this moment, but we'll need you to come with us."


Huh?



"Do I know you? Jace asked, squinting up at them."Wait, are you with one of those cults that sells essential oils? Because if you are, we're gonna have to pass-our pyramid scheme plate is already full."


The first man ignored him and kept his eyes on me.


"Why?" | demanded.


"Alpha Jaris seeks an audience."



The name affected me to my core.


Wow. Was he finally ready to see me? Maybe he wanted to finally accept the contract? But shouldn't they have reached out to father first?


"Why does he want to see me?" I looked up at them.


"You'll have to come with us to get an answer to that question,Ms." My hand tightened around my fork.


No. I'd already made up my mind on what I needed to do. I was going back to Draconis, back to my normal life.I was done with the people here.


My jaw tightening, I forced the words out. "I'm sorry,but I'm not seeing him. You can tell him I've changed my mind."
###Chapter 11
LYRIC



The men stared at me, like I'd just told them the moon was made of cheese.



"What did you say?" The second man spoke for the first time. He was the grumpiest between the two.


"I'm sorry," I dropped my eyes. "But I really don't want to see him."



"Are you telling us to deliver a message to Alpha Jaris? You expect us to tell him you refused to honor his request?" The second man, asked, stepping closer.


Okay, I'll admit it. He was handsome-if "handsome"meant looking like you wrestled mountains for fun-but he was intimidating as hell.


"Hey, I'm sure she was clear enough," Jace spoke up before I could. "Why don't you tell your Alpha to send chocolates or flowers next time? Girls love that stuff."



But the men didn't look like they were there for jokes.


"You're coming with us. This instant," the second man said in a tone that brooked no room for further argument.


But I wasn't changing my mind.


To my shock, he grabbed my hand, though, to befair,his touch was surprisingly gentle for a guy who looked like he could crush boulders.



"Hey! Get that hand off her!" Jace shot up so fast he nearly knocked off his chair.


No. No. I didn't like where this was headed.


"Why don't you stay out of this, Mr.whoever-you-have? This is no business of yours." The second man grumped. He was too rude, unlike the first man.


"That's where you're wrong. She's my best friend,SO it's my fucking business." "Kael," the first man called, tapping his partner on the shoulder.


Kael. So, that was his name.


But Kael didn't seem like he was done. Whoever he was, he had serious temper issues.


He remained focused on Jace. "If you don't step back this instant, I'll make you regret it."


"What happens if I step forward, then? Do l get a gift card?" Jace took a step toward him.


| stood up, trying to defuse the situation, but it wNas too late. Kael swung, landing a clean punch to Jace's jaw.


And right there, the two men got engaged in a heated brawl.


They threw punches at each other, crashing over tables, breaking cups, flower vases and important items.



The restaurant turned into a full-room circus. It took the intervention of stronger men to be able to pull them apart. Kael's partner held him firmly when they were separated while I did same to Jace.


"We're leaving!" Kael's partner angrily said, and it wasn't a suggestion.


"This isn't over!" Kael spat out, wiping off blood from his lips with the back of his hand.


Jace wasn't in a better state.


Fortunately,they left.


"Are you alright?" | turned quickly to Jace, holding his face.


"I'm fine. Just tell me my nose is still cute. Is my nose still cute, Lyric?" He looked genuinely worried.


Geez,it was difficult staying angry around Jace, even when you're aware that your situation just got fucked.



JARIS


I'd just finished an intense meeting with the elders and retired to my room to get changed.


I found Marta in when I arrived, seated on my bed.


My spirits dampened. "You don't get to come in here without my permission, Marta. I thought I'd made that clear enough?"


"I'm sorry," she rose from the bed. "I just had some good news to share and wanted to wait for you."


Not asking what it was, I ambled to the table where l poured myself a glass of wine.


"Aren't you... curious to know what the good news is?"


I could tell she was hurt from her tone.


"When were you going to tell me the truth?" | asked instead, my back still turned to her. "The truth that someone else had treated Xylon, not you?"


When she said nothing, I turned around to see her looking pale.


"Uh..," she cleared her throat. "What're you talking about,Jaris?"


"I always find out the truth. You of all people should know this, Marta." I pinned her with my gaze,taking in her nervousness. "Were you so eager to take the glory and get commended by me? Does our son's health mean that little to you?"


"Jaris, no. It's-It's not whatyou think."


"I know you always want to be the best, Marta. But if there's someone out there who can help our son,shouldn't you be happy as the mother?"


She stuttered but formed no words.



I emptied my drink down my throat and slammed the glass on the table. This was one of the many reasons I could never make her my Luna. She was too selfish.Even to her own children.


"I'm sorry," her pride was a hard pill to swallow. "It was wrong of me."



There was a knock on the door. "Leave," I dismissed her.


I caught the hint of tears in her eyes before she exited the room.



Her presence was quickly replaced by Kael and Nerion.




Kael looked like he'd fought off some rogues himself.I didn't need anyone to tell me the mission was trash.


"She wouldn't come with us," Nerion supplied when l asked.


I was numb for a moment, but when the words registered, it came off like a blow to my face.


"What're you talking about?" My brows furrowed.


"Sorry, Alpha. We tried to talk to her. Kael even got into a fight with a friend of hers trying to bring her here.She said she's... no longer interested."


Now, he was joking.


But as seconds passed and no one laughed, I realized he was serious. My hand closed around my glass so tightly that it cracked.


Angrily, I threw it on the floor.


Rejection. How dare she reject me? My whole life,I'd never been rejected by anyone, ever. Who did she think she was?


"Kael, tell Astrid to cancel the rest of my schedule for today," I instructed. "Nerion, get the cars ready.We're heading out."


Nerion appeared surprised. "Where are we going?"


"Where do you think? Bennett's Pack."
###Chapter 12
LYRIC



Jace and I went our separate ways when we finished at the restaurant.



When I got home, I was met with an unpleasant surprise. Well, not really a surprise since I knew he'd be coming.



There in the living room was Roderick. Ex-mate.



He had been busy with his phnone, but the moment he saw me, he couldn't look away.


"Finally, you did come." Nora rolled her eyes, rising to her feet.



Roderick was still staring at me, seeming surprised.


"I know you," he suddenly muttered. "From the airport." I watched Nora's body language grow uncomfortable.




"Um... Roderick," she sat next to him, taking his hand. "This is Lyric. She's here now. So, let's go get this over with."



I did not miss how tense she looked.



Roderick's countenance clouded with confusion. He looked at Nora like she was insane, then at me.


Wearing a smile, I ultimately said. "Hello, Roderick.It's a good thing we finally met, because I've been as eager as you to get this over with. Let's go."


I turned toward the door. I wasn't even going to change or anything. I was longing for that.


"I don't understand," Roderick said, standing up."How can she be Lyric? She's..." he chuckled. "She can't-"



"I wasn't born ugly, Rodrick, just in case you're forgetting. All I had to do was get rid of my scar. But,don't worry, it's the same Lyric standing before you.I still remember your favorite words: 'Don't look at me.'Your face disgusts me'. 'Get out of my Pack'." I shrugged."See? Same me."


His eyes widened like saucers. For someone as rigid as Roderick, the sight was golden.


I continued to the door and soon opened it. But l paused when I noticed Roderick wasn't following.


"I have things to do, Roderick. Please, we need to get moving."


He lowered his gaze, seeming uncertain. Suddenly,he took his phone, tapping on the screen.


"Uh... something just came up. l-I have to go somewhere now."


Wow. Roderick stuttered. But what the hell was he talking about?


"Babe," Nora drew close. "Anything can wait. We've been waiting for ages now."


"It can't wait," he nearly slapped at her. Looking at me, his gaze softened. But there was guilt in his eyes.





"We'll finish this later," he muttered and walked past me,out the door.


****+



As expected, Nora was displeased with Roderick's dismissal, as was I. I was more than eager to get this thing past me.


Hours later, I met father to tel him of my plans of returning to Draconis. As expected, he didn't take it well.


"You just got back, Lyric. Besides, we still have the pending agreement with Darkspire."


"I'm not interested in Alpha Jaris anymore." It was difficult getting the words out, but I had to. "I'm sorry, father, but I really want to leave."


Seeing him again had brought me too much pain.I just wanted to go back to my normal life in Draconis. Father's face paled. I couldn't help feeling pity for him.



He was about to say something when two guards rushed in, displaying urgency.


"Alpha," they bowed to him. "We have company.Alpha Jaris is here."


My eyes flared wide in surprise. I wanted to believe l hadn't heard clearly, but father sprang to his feet.Shit! This was real.


We scurried outside to find Jaris and tons of his men stepping out of their cars. The two men from the restaurant were also present. My jaw dropped. Why do I have a feeling he was here to cause trouble?


"Alpha Jaris," Father stepped forward, delighted as he was shocked. "What a pleasant surprise. You should've told me you were coming. I'd have prepared a grand welcome."


Jaris' eyes found mine, and not for one second did he look away. That made me uncomfortable in a lot of ways.


"There's no need for that, Alpha Bennett. I didn't come here for a grand welcome. I came here," he stepped forward. "to hear directly from your daughter."


Nora and her mother were out of the house, although they kept their distance.


By the moon, I didn't like this one bit.


Father looked at me with furrowed brows.


Jaris explained. "Your daughter here told me she was no longer interested." His eyes took on a shadowy gleam. "I got your message."


I nervously licked my lower lip. "Iuh..."


"Can you say it again, Lyric?" He ambled toward me.


He looked far too intimidating like this.I found myself retreating.


"What makes you think you can actually reject someone like me?" I picked offense on that. Oh, so you're the only one who gets to reject people, huh?


"Lyric, what's going on?" Father turned to me.


Now, there were too many eyes on me.


Jaris finally stopped coming at me, but his expression didn't get any softer.


You can do this, Lyric.


I should stand by my words of not being interested.The problem was, it was easier saying it to his men than it was to him. Staring at that terrifyingly handsome face, I couldn't bring myself to get the words out.


He opened his palm and a gun was placed into it.Okay...what did he-


I gasped when he aimed at one of father's cars and took a shot. The window glass shattered instantly.


"Jaris! What's the meaning of this!?" Father growled.


"Forgive me, Alpha Bennett, but I don't think I'm doing anything wrong. If your daughter will not honour our agreement, then I believe everything you own now belongs to me, considering the depth of your debt."


He shot at another window.
###Chapter 13
LYRIC



Rage filled my bones. I never knew he had such an ugly side.


He was about to shoot at another window when I got in the way. "Fine! You've made your point. Everything doesn't have to be about violence." I glared daggers at him.



He looked at the broken glasses, then at me, his eyes devoid of emotion. "Believe me, there is nothing violent about this. You'll know violence when you see one."



My heart constricted with fury, so much that I wished I could pour it alI out on him. But who was I kidding?


"Do we have an understanding, then?" He asked,casually/putting his hands behind his back. "We do. Now, put the gun away."


More to my dismay, he pointed at another window.


What?? What was wrong with him?


" know daughters like you are usually ill-bred, but you must learn to speak to me with respect,considering the fact that you'll be associated with me for some time."


I scoffed, feeling insulted. I opened my mouth to retort but instantly paused when he cocked the gun.His warning was clear: say another wrong word and lose more windows.



My nails dug into my palms as I fisted my hands.How did I not see this part of him five years ago? How did he manage to be so deceptively calm and gentle?


"I understand," I couldn't keep my tone from being scathing.


His gaze lingered on me before he finally lowered his gun. He turned to father. "I hope you do not mind the little display. It was necessary to make my point clear. Don't worry, I'll take care of the repairs."


I scoffed at how arrogant he sounded, like he was doing my father a favour.


When he looked at me, I tore my gaze away, crossing my arms across my chest. "Someone will be here to fetch you tomorrow. One p.m. Be ready."


He turned away, heading to his car. Using the opportunity, I glared heavily at his back.


Ugh! What a brute!


Now, I was more concerned about having to live with him for a year. With how bad things were between us,I wouldn't be surprised if I didn't make it out alive.







As expected, father was angry over the fact that l had snubbed Jaris' request to meet with me earlier.I had to remind him that if it wasn't for the fact that l was doing this for him, I'd be long gone to my country. I didn't like it here. Not one bit.


Well, now that I was likely to sign the contract,I needed to fully end things with Roderick. I couldn't become someone else's Luna if I still had some silly bond with another.


I gave him what felt like a hundred missed calls, but he ignored all of them.


Eventually, he called me at his own time in the evening, requesting to meet in a garden he owned.


"Why aren't we just going to the temple? We could meet up there," I asked him over the phone.


"We'll go to the temple. I just need to show you something."


After a slight argument, | agreed to meet with him.


In less than an hour, I arrived and found him in the VIP section, sitting alone in the middle of the garden.

Such an ugly figure in the midst of beautiful flowers.


Of course, Roderick had good looks, but his heart was not the same.


"Thanks for coming," I wasn't used to him being so polite. "Please, take a seat."


But I didn't. "I didn't come here to sit. What is it you wanted to show me? Be fast about it so we can go to the temple."


"Can you listen to me and just sit, Lyric?"


" already told you No. Go straight to the point.Please."


Geez, it felt good to have my own will. How had I survived as the old Lyric?


"Fine." He took a deep breath. "I want us to get back together."


Alarms went off in my head. For a moment, I was numb,his words taking longer than usual to register.


"Excuse me?" | scoffed, batting my lashes. "Sweet Seraphis, please tell me you're joking."


"I have no reason to. Look, I know I was an asshole to you. I was rude,treated you with disdain... I'm sorry,Lyric, I didn't know any better. But I promise you, I'm ready to do better. If you could give me one more chance-give us one more chance-l promise it'll be the best decision of your life."


I couldn't stop staring at him. I was actually tempted to touch him just to be sure I wasn't dreaming.Because how was this happening right now!?


Roderick Fletcher is asking me to get back with me?Oh, he's got to be kidding me!


"You're not joking," I mumbled, my forehead crinkling with a frown. "You actually called me here to say this?Really?"


"Lyric-"


"We are over!" I yelled at him. "You made that very clear when you threw me out of your Pack after using me to achieve your lame desires! For over a year, l lived like a slave! You wouldn't even let me look at you because you hated the sight of my face so much.I meant nothing to you, Roderick! And now, because Lyric is different, you suddenly want me back?"


He stood up. "It's-It's not what you think. Look, l-"


"I don't wanna hear it!" I held my hand to him,halting him.



Goodness, just hearing him speak was grating on my nerves.


"We're over, Roderick. We've been over five years.Now, take me to the temple."


I started walking away but stopped when I noticed he wasn't following. By the moon, I wasn't in for this drama today.


"Roderick, what're you doing? I didn't come here for this."


His face looked strict as he shook his head. "I'm not doing this, Lyric. I'm sorry, but you'll have to get back with me. I'm not severing the last bond we have."
###Chapter 14 
My mind whirled from his words. For some time,l was totally out of words.


"Sorry, what did you just say?" My face crumpled in bemusement.


"You heard me. I'm sorry for everything that happened. But I'm ready to be a better man. You know me, I'm powerful now. can take good care of you. Everything will be better than it was."


It was more alarming how he spoke with so much confidence, like I was just supposed to run into his arms at his sweet words. Like I didn't know how devilish his heart was.


I walked back to him. "If you think I, Lyric Harper, will ever get back to you, then you're more delusional than I gave you credit for. I am done with you and never coming back. Now, let's go to the temple and end this!" By the grace of the night, I never thought I'd be the one pestering Roderick to go to the temple. The asshole had been on my neck for months, asking me to come back and finish the bond. And now, he thinks he could say trash?


"I'm sorry, then" he shrugged casually. "You'll just have to find a way to put up with me."


He took up his keys and walked past me.


No. No. No.


I ran after him, getting in front of him. "You're not doing this, Roderick. I'm done with you!"


He stopped walking and simply stared into my face.He gave me this long soft stare. "You're fucking beautiful, Lyric," he furrowed his brows. "How did |never see this?"


You were too busy seeing the ugly side of me,asshole!




Before I could react, he touched my hair, twirling some of the strands around his finger. What was wrong with him? This guy was actually about to get mated to my sister! How much of an asshole could he be?


"I'll see you soon." He continued on his way.


I ran after him, calling and yelling, but he didn't stop for one second. And when we got to his car, his guards wouldn't let me get any closer. He got in and rode off.


I brushed my fingers through my hair, utterly frustrated. This had to be a joke!


If Roderick wouldn't sever the last bond with me,then I couldn't get mated to Jaris.



MARTA







She walked into the room where her kids were fast asleep. Making sure the door was shut, she proceeded to the bed and tapped Xyla.
The little girl came awake with a slight grunt."Mummy? Is it time to get ready for school?"


"It's not." Marta withdrew a stick of cigar and lit it.


It got Xyla coughing.


"I just have a question for you." She took a drag from her stick. "Why did you snitch on me to your dad?"


Xyla's countenance dropped. She already knew where this was headed and was already scared.


"I thought I told you not to tell him? Were you so desperate to make mummy look bad before him?"


Xyla shook her head.


She took another drag from her cigar, releasing the smoke toward the little girl's direction.


"You've always being the problematic one. Why can't you be like your brother, huh? Always minding his business he hardly talks? Why can't you have some sense!?"



"I'm sorry, mummy. I was just worried about Xylon. The woman was able to treat him in..."


"Oh, shut it!" She half-yelled, startling the little girl."Do you have any idea the trouble you caused me?Do you seriously enjoy being destructive in my life?"


Xyla dug her small finger into her palms. "But Xylon and I are your children. Shouldn't you want the best for us? Hiding the nice woman's identity makes you look like a bad mom."


Marta scoffed, her eyes turning icier.


She went closer to her. "How many times have I told you to watch that tongue of yours, you spoiledlittle brat? You really have no respect, do you?"


She glanced at the burning end of her cigarette."Well, right now, I'll be reminding you of what happens when you disobey mummy. It'sbeen long.Seems you've forgotten."


Xyla panicked and crawled away, into the bed.


"No screaming, Xyla. Remember what happens when you scream." Marta taunted. The girl's eyes brimmed with tears as she awaited the burn from the cigarette.


LYRIC



I told father everything that happened with Roderick,and as expected, he was pissed and tried reaching out to him, but his calls were ignored.


In his study, he explained the dangers to me. "The reason Darkspire had rejected your sister was because they knew she was entangled with Roderick already. If they find out the same about you, I'm afraid they'd want to reject you as well, and I'd have to find a way to pay up the debt which would become a very big problem, Lyric."


I was also concerned about it.



"But Roderick is powerful now, and he was interested in Nora. Didn't he ever think of helping with the debt?" | asked when it occurred to me.


"He promised to support with half of it once he ended things with you and got mated to Nora. But now, everything's just messed up."


In the end, father told me to keep up the act with Jaris while he goes to Roderick's Pack himself to get the issue sorted out.



When it was time, a car did come to pick me up.I was a little nervous as we drove off to Darkspire.


I didn't know why, but I had a feeling that things could get really rocky for me. There was just something about Jaris that screamed danger.


We arrived at Darkspire and I was led into the large living room. I was offered a drink and some snacks and asked to wait for Jaris who was busy with some important issues.


After waiting for more than thirty minutes, I got bored with just sitting and decided to explore the room. The room was quite large with a lot of artworks.


I picked up interest in one very large frame on the wall. It was Jaris, straining an arrow, ready to shoot.The picture was quite simple, but the sight of himwas beyond hot.


The man was a beauty. My mind drifted to the first night I saw him-the goosebumps, the excitement,the thrill.


'Until tonight, I don't think I've ever met a lady as stunning as you, Princess!'


Even now, his words still send shivers down my spine.





Why did he have to leave by morning? What went wrong in what had seemed like a perfect moment?I wish I could get answers from him, but the old Lyric was a part of me l'd been trying so hard to bury.I never wanted to awaken it.


A sad smile formed on my lips as I skimmed my fingers along the portrait. A one-night experience that was still unforgettable even after so many years.


"What're you doing?"


I lowered my hand and turned around to see so meone on the stairs, gawking at me like I was committing a grave offense. My heart sank when l recognized her. The kids' mother. Jaris's possible lover.



"Over here, you don't just touch things you're not supposed to." She continued her descent down the stairs.



A couple of seconds and my head was back to normal. I glanced at the frame, then at her. "Sorry,but it's just a portrait. I don't think it was dipped in gold or there's a warning sign saying 'do not touch'."


Displeasure creased her brows.


"You're a stranger here," her voice was colder."There are rules you should stick to. You should try to listen to me when I'm talking."


I bit down my retort as I lowered my gaze. If I did go through with the Alpha's contract, Ms. hot-head and I would clearly be seeing each other more often.I didn't want to be on the wrong side with her.


I felt her hot glare on me. She started toward the door but suddenly paused, turning to me again.


"Once again, you were wrong to have gone into my kids' room without my consent. That must not happen again, whoever-you-are."


Now, what was her problem? "I know. You made that crystal clear when you asked me to leave without thanking me for helping your son. Besides, I think you know who I am already, otherwise, you wouldn't be so bitter towards me."


"Did you just say I'm bitter?"


"Isn't it obvious? You keep trying to start up an issue with me when it's unnecessary."


And honestly, I wasn't in for this. I'd rather not have someone like her to deal with.


Her eyes darkened as she started toward me. I looked at her in confusion, wondering what silly idea she had in mind.
###Chapter 15

The door suddenly opened, bringing her to a stop.


It was Jaris and his two assistants.



I noticed the lady take some steps back, especially when Jaris' eyes lingered on her.


"Is there a problem?" He slid his gaze between both of us.



I was tempted to tell him to ask his partner or whoever she was to him, but I let it slide.


"We were just having a conversation," she said, her gaze icy on me. "But we're done here."


She turned and left. I took a deep breath. Now, that is one problem out of the door.


However, the room seemed to heat up in an instant when Jaris' eyes locked on mine.
"With me." He tilted his head and took the stairs.







I followed him to what looked like an office. Although,it was quite large-bigger than an average bedroom-and well furnished.


We were the only ones in-no assistants, nobody. And for some reason, that made me uncomfortable.


"A drink?" He asked as he poured some from the side table.



"N-No. I'm fine."


He filled one glass for himself before taking a seat and urged me to mine which was in front of him.


Jaris Dreadmoor.Who would've thought?


He went through some files before taking one of them out. "Before we begin, I'd like to know how good you are with treatments."


I furrowed my brows, not quite getting him. "I'm aware you took care of my son the other day. What you did for him, it's something that usually takes us hours to achieve. And I heard it only took you minutes. Is that true?"



I nodded.



"How were you able to do it? Did you study this field in particular?"


I hesitated on that. The truth was, I'd only studied medicine for a year during the time I was away.lt wasn't enough time for anyone to get full knowledge,but from a young age, I'd always had a passion for it.And when I encountered someone who started putting me through it, I discovered it was relatively easy for me. I could easily identify problems, know their immediate solutions, and it was always more effective when I did it myself.


My tutor was also surprised, but in the end, I got to understand that I'd inherited the distinctive healing skills from my grandmother.


It was a rare gift that ran in the family. My mother and her siblings didn't get it. None of my cousins had gotten it either. I found it strange that out of everyone, I turned out to be the lucky one.


I'd been trying to keep this hidden as my kind was always in high demand. If people get to know, I'd become more of a tool, and I didn't want that.


"... actually have some knowledge in medicine," |answered after a slight hesitation. "Let's just say it's a gift from the moon."



His brows furrowed for a second before he straightened his face.


"Okay. But, do you think you can completely heal my boy? He's been sick with Nexopathy since he was two. I've done all I could to get him the best doctor.DDo you think you'll be able to help?"


I should say No. But thinking about the state the little boy had been in the other day made my heart hurt for him. He didn't deserve to go through that.


"His case seems to be a little rare," | supplied. "But...with the right examination and research, I think l should be able to get to something good."


"And how long do you think that'll take?"


There was desperation in his eyes. Wow. Jaris Dreadmoor was desperate. I felt my heart warm. He did love his kids.


"I honestly don't know. Might take weeks or months."


His case was actually a serious one. If the epistles persist, he might not recover from one of them.


Jaris took a deep breath as he stared down at his table. When he looked at me again, his expression was taut, like the stoic Alpha I knew.


"These are the terms of our agreement," he slid the file to me. "Take your time to study it and let me know if there are any concerns. But I want it signed before you leave.


"Also, I'm offering you a blank cheque in return for treating my son. If you're able to do it, to heal him completely," he chuckled, "you'll be free to ask for anything in the world." I met his gaze and there was a clash as our eyes locked.Wow. What a tempting offer.


"Thank you. I'll do my best."


I was about to open the file to gothrough it when the door opened behind me.


"Daddy!"


My heart leapt as I turned around for a look. The two kids ran into the office, into the arms of Jaris.They were dressed in uniforms, indicating they'd just returned from school.


I watched with a smile as Jaris fondly touched them,asking how their day was and all. He might be arrogant and a brute when he wanted to, but he sure knew how to handle his kids.


For a moment there, I felt sad as my mind drifted to a dark painful corner. What if my kids had made it alive? Would Jaris have been happy to meet them?Would he have loved them just like he did Xylon and Xyla? Probably not. He already had a family he loved dearly. I was sure I'd have only been intruding.


It wasn't until the kids were done with him that they finally noticed me.


"It's the nice aunty!" Xyla spoke first, running to me."Hi! I was hoping I'd see you again."


Goodness, why did I feel so much joy each time l spoke with her? I loved it.


The boy came to me next. "Thank you," he muttered the words slowly.


I noticed he rarely spoke. Xyla did most of the talking when they were talking with their father.


"You're welcome, handsome. How are you feeling today?" It was taking me a lot of effort to hold back from touching his perfect curly hair.


"I'm fine. Just have a little joint pain here..." he pointed at his shoulder.


Xyla and Jaris looked surprised, as though they were not used to seeing the little boy communicate freely with strangers.


"Okay. Let's take a look at that." Taking the shoulder,I gave it a little squeeze, then held it for some time.


He made an "ouch."


"Xylon, are you okay?" His sister asked.


He rolled his shoulder and seemed surprised. "It feels very fine. I can't feel a thing! Thank you!"


To my surprise, he took my hand, giving it a little squeeze. That simple gesture melted me more than I thought was possible.


Goodness, why did it feel so good?


I looked up at Jaris and he was staring back at me,and this time, there was amusement in his eyes.
###Chapter 16
LYRIC


I went through the contract multiple times. What was required of me was quite simple-represent Darkspire as their Luna for one year, accompany Jaris to important events and functions, be loyal to the Pack,and treat his son.


In return, I was guaranteed protection, unlimited access to the properties of the Pack, and mny father's debt being cleared.


Everything seemed normal. And that was the point; I still didn't know what Darkspire was getting out of this.


I'd tried to ask Jaris about it, but he told me they were gaining nothing. And well, I couldn't force a different answer out of him.


But at the end of the day, I signed the contract. LunaIsolde was pleased and informed me that the coronation ceremony would be held in three days.


For a moment, I was thrilled. I, Lyric,the girl who was constantly bullied and rejected, was going to be the Luna of the most powerful Pack.


"It's only for a year. You'll still get rejected," my bitter subconsciousness told me.


Hopefully, I'd get to uncover the truth during my stay here.



My father was beyond pleased when I returned to the estate and told him the contract had been signed.But I became worried when he told me he'd been unable to reach Roderick.


"Father, the ceremony's only in three days!"|exclaimed. "I cannot go through with it if I amstill being bonded to Roderick. Alpha Jaris' night actually gets mad if he learns of this."


"I know. I know. But we can't tell them yet." Lines of worry creased his forehead. "Things are finally happening the right way, Lyric. Don't worry, I'll handle Roderick."


I fisted my hands. That son of a bitch. What exactly was he playing at?


Father convinced me to ignore him and start gathering my things. In three days, I'd be moving to Darkspire.






The next morning, Jace and I met up. He told me he had an errand to run and needed my company.


Well, it wasn't new. When Jace and I were kids, we went everywhere together.


I remembered one time, he had beaten a guy to a pulp for calling me a monster. Ugh, the good old days.


"I still didn't understand why you're making me drive," I sounded grumpy as I took a turn.


Jace was seated beside me, munching on a can of chips. "Stop whining, Ly. You should be grateful I'm letting you drive my Thundra V8. It's the latest baby in the market."


"Well, considering the fact that you almost rammed into me two days ago, I'd say you're scared and want to take some driving lessons from me."


"Excuse you? That was intentional. Believe me,honey, I wouldn't risk my V8 for your skin."


I broke a laugh.


Seizing the opportunity, I told him about Jaris and me. His reaction was well expected, shocked, and dramatic.


"So, you're telling me two days from now, you'll be Luna of Darkspire?" I shrugged.


"Well, it's amazing news, and I'd have loved to say congratulations, but why does it have to be for a year? A Pack needs a Luna that would last for a lifetime. So, why the hell is Darkspire making it look like they're heading somewhere or something?"
"Wish I knew," I shrugged. And to be honest, it was the biggest problem I had. How was I sure I wasn't walking into some sort of trap?


"Well, it's delightful 'cause you'll finally be in power.At least, I have someone to kick asses for me. Not like I've ever needed your lazy help, though." He winked at mne.


"Jace! What the hell? I've never been lazy!"


"Oh, yeah. Well remember that one time you were so strong you cried when that mean girl-what was her name again-Michelle, said awful words to you?I mean, all you had to do was talk back at her, Lyric.But you just stood there, crying your eyes out until l came to rescue you."


I rolled my eyes."We were just nine years old."


Michelle had been the daughter of an Alpha of a neighboring Pack. She was everything I was not-beautiful, smart, well-loved and admired by everyone. Back then, I didn't know how to talk back at people like her. But yeah, she had been a really mean bitch.


"Michelle was just nine as well, yet she made you cry.Just saying," Jace added with a shrug.


We finally reached his destination and he stepped out of the car,leaving me alone.


I watched him run into the tall, skyscraper building.


The Central Hospital.


It was the largest hospital in the country, filled with only the best doctors. People flew in from every corner of the world to get treated here because, well,if you couldn't find a solution in TCH, there was a very good chance that your ailment didn't have a cure.


I sucked in a deep breath, mesmerized by the sheer beauty of the place.


When I was younger, I'd come here at least, thrice a week, just stand out here and stare at the building.I'd watch people go in and out, some would come out happy, others would come out sad. I used to wonder if I could ever have a chance to work there. But only the strongest doctors were allowed there, and I didn't even have a wolf. They'd definitely kick me out if I were interviewed.


I placed my head on the steering wheel, trying to pull my attention to somewhere more convenient.


Minutes passed, and I figured Jace was running late.I looked at the hospital again, and this time,my heart sank into the very pit of my stomach. The sight before me shattered me completely, making it almost impossible for me to breathe.
###Chapter 17 
LYRIC


My hand tightened around the steering as my throat became as dry as dust.


What was he doing here? With her?


Coming out of the hospital were Jaris and Marta.They were having a conversation and right there,they looked like a normal couple.


I shouldn't feel this way, considering the fact that the woman had kids for him, but it served as a constant reminder that he had someone in his life already.


His beta-Kael came out shortly, holding Xylon and Xyla's hands. It became clear that they must've brought Xylon in for a checkup or something.


My heart sank even further. The kids were so adorable, but at that moment, I couldn't help not seethem all as one happy family. It was also a reminder of Jaris' betrayal five years ago. He made me think I was special when he had a pregnant lover at home.


Suddenly, a thought occurred to me. What if Marta was occupied with something and couldn't be Jaris'Luna right now? That would explain why they only needed me for a year. With me gone, Marta would take over.


Was that what I was? A mere replacement?


The thought stung. Even after becoming so pretty,I was still being used, wasn'tl?


As I watched them get into the backseat of their car,I was angry enough to shed a tear.


JARIS


"See? He looks fine today. I am telling you, Jaris,there's no need for that woman to come near my kids," Marta said as soon as we were in the car.


I touched the back of my nape, exhausted already."Please, Marta, don't be so daft. We've known Xylon well enough to know it's only temporary. He might have another crisis today. What're you going to do about that?"

"And I will take care of him like I've been doing for the past three years. I'm one of the head doctors in TCH,Jaris.I can do this!"


"Yet, your best has not exactly helped him in three years."


Marta's jaw dropped.


"I really can't understand why you have anissue with this. You should be glad we've finally found someone that can help Xylon."


"She won't be able to," Marta's eyes glistened with under tears. "If I can't do it, believe me when I say nobody else can. I have tried my best, Jaris."


"Yet, she was able to do something you haven't been able to do in years in mere minutes. Do you see the difference now?"


"It's possible there was something fishy about what she did that day.I'm-"


"Marta, if you're gonna keep talking about this, then I'd suggest you get out of the car."


Now, that was enough to shut her up, but she looked like she was going to cry any minute. Unfortunately,that was her problem, not mine.


****+****+



I had so much planned on what to do once I got to the Pack. But one of them was not getting a visit from some representatives from the Alpha King's palace,bearing news.


The throne of the Alpha King ruled over every other.One did not get visits from representatives unless the matter was dire.



They were waiting in the conference room with the elders of my Pack, and Nerion informed me as soon as I arrived.


"I couldn't get you on the phone. So, I decided to wait for your return. They've been waiting patiently,"
he supplied as he led me to the conference room.


"Did they say anything about why they're here?"I asked.


"They wouldn't. Whatever they came with seems to be confidential, and they only want it delivered to you."


I hated being curious. The Alpha King-King Thaddeus-and I have been on very good terms. Just a week ago, we were on a phone call for half an hour.There was no way he'd bring trouble to my Pack.


We finally reached the conference hall and the men who had been sitting rose to their feet.


"Alpha Jaris," One of them called. The rest acknowledged with a nod.


Their faces were not looking good at all. Something was terribly wrong.
###Chapter 18 
JARIS


I forced my composure as I walked past them to my seat at the head of the table.


I called each of their names, acknowledging them."I apologize if you had to wait for long. I had no idea you were coming.Please, take your seats."


They did so.


I noticed there was no water or refreshment on the table.



I turned to Nerion who was standing beside me."Why weren't they offered anything?"


"We objected," one of the representatives replied."What we came to do is too bleak to drink."


 
I furrowed my brows. What did they come to do? "And what might that be, if you do not mind me asking? Is there a problem?"


Another nodded. "A very big one, Alpha Jaris."


There was a long pause, and they exchanged stares,then they added with a painful expression. "The Alpha King is dead."







The news came like a punch to the gut. It took longer than necessary to digest it and understand what they meant.


The Alpha King. As in, King Thaddeus was dead?



No.


"How did this happen?" My face crumpled with a frown. "We spoke just a week ago. He wvas fine!Someone like Thaddeus doesn't randomly succumb to death. He was a strong man!" And he wasn't even that old. Only ninety-seven.


Damn it. I was losing my control. It was snapping out of me.


"We're as shocked as you are," another said,his head lowered as he spoke. "Just yesterday, he was very fine and didn't have any issues. He even entertained a visit from Alpha Greg and played golf with him. He was in good health. We were all surprised when we found him dead this morning,in his bed."



"He died in his sleep?"


"He did. To our ultimate shock. As we speak, more representatives are flying to other Packs to deliver the news."


This was nonsense. How was this possible?


"Have you tried to ascertain the cause of his death?"I asked.


"Not yet. But the doctors think it might be poison.They're yet to ascertain what kind of poison."


"And if it was truly poison," another representative added. I shifted my gaze to him. "You think it might not have been poison?"


"Well," he shrugged. "Alpha Kings usually have the fortification to withstand certain kinds of poisons.The King isn't supposed to die by mere poisoning."


I nodded. It made sense. "How about the people responsible for his food and drink?"


"They've already been locked up and are currently being punished and interrogated. But so far, they're all swearing their innocence."


Something didn't feel right. If King Thaddeus had been murdered, it only meant there was a huge issue on the ground. And if we didn't find out what it was,it might be too late by the timne we do.


The representatives and I deliberated more on the issue for some time before they said something else.


"Right now, we have a more pressing issue. The Central Throne is empty, and judging from history, it isn't advisable to leave it vacant for long. We need a new King as soon as possible."


That had occurred to me the moment they delivered the news of the King's death. Someone needed to take his place.


"We know how it's done. The top ten ranking Alphas have the right to participate in the process."


But the final decision lies with the elders and representatives of the central pack. They'd be the ones to take a vote based on the strongest and most productive Alpha.


Usually, the current Alpha King could play a huge role in recommending someone before his passing. But since King Thaddeus suddenly passed away before he could give his recommendations, the whole decision would have to lie with the elders.


I was pretty sure a lot of Alphas would be bloodthirsty for this.


"We just want you to know that King Thaddeus spoke very highly of you," one of the eIders said. "And we also see what you've been doing. Don't think we have an interest in anyone else."


My face gave nothing; no impression whatsoever. "I appreciate your belief in me, but we'll still have to go through the normal process, you know that."


"We do. We're just letting you know that you're a good recommendation."


I shrugged. The truth was, a part of me had seen this coming. King Thaddeus and I had a good relationship, and well, I was currently the highest-ranking Alpha. I'd always suspected the throne might be left to me someday.


We discussed other things, like funeral arrangements and how to break the news to the public.


A while later, they left.


For the rest of my day, my mood was completely ruined.


I stayed in my office, flipping through reports Thaddeus and I had shared, hoping to find something suspicious. I didn't know why I felt a conspiracy concerning his death. Someone killed him. But for what reason exactly?


Something didn't feel right.


By evening, my mother came in to grumble about how it was late and I hadn't had anything to eat yet.I sent her away, still too angry.


But a while later, Kael arrived with an information.


"Sorry for bothering you, but I think you might want to see this." He held out his phone to me.


A video was playing on it, and as soon as I realized the person in the video, my anger amplified.


What the fuck.



"Is that Lyric!?"Isnarled.


He nodded as he withdrew the phone from my face.


Rage filled my chest. I squeezed the pen in my hand so hard it snapped.
What in the name of Hades was this?


I stood up. "Get the car ready. Quickly."
###Chapter 19
LYRIC


"You know, for someone who's about to become the Luna of the Almighty Darkspire, I don't think this is a great idea," Jace said as I downed my sixth shot.


"Oh, please!" I rolled my eyes. "Don't act like you're not enjoying this."


He laughed,confirming my suspicion.


I smiled as I returned to the top stage,taking up the mic, singing and dancing the stupid dance steps l could come up with in my head.


They were funny, I knew. All I knew how to do best was sway my hips.


Another man came up to hold me around my waist


Nope. I was done with this.
"Just dance alone now, will ya? I'm done dancing with others."I winked at him.


He looked displeased but left.


I sang and laughed happily for a long time. Ooh! The people seemed to really like me.


I descended the stage to take more shots.


"You sing beautifully," a young fine man said when l took the last step down the stage.


I flashed a smile at him. "Thank you, gentleman."


"And you're really beautiful." He added.


Another smile. "I know. Thank you."


Suddenly, he held my hand. "Would you mind dancing with me?"


Ugh. It felt like I'd danced with almost everyone already. "Sorry, you should've come earlier."


I freed my hand and returned to Jace.


"Lyric, do you know who that is?" He looked amused.
I glanced back at the man to see him walking back to a booth.


"No. I can't know everyone, Jace."


"Okay. Well, look to your right."


I did, and the face I saw made me want to puke.


Michelle.



The little bullying bitch.


What the hell? She was here?


Well, she wasn't just here, she was also glaring at me like I had taken her candies.



"While you were up there, displaying your awful vocal skills, she came in with him. And I do not need a soothsayer to tell me they share a thing. Apparently,the young man seems to share that very thing with others."



I looked back at the man who had joined a couple of boys.Oh... "Well, first of all, I don't have terrible vocal skills.Have you seen how people clamour when I'm up there? Secondly, looks like Michelle is still very lucky with getting the good guys."


And back then, she always made it clear to me that l could never get the good guys.


"Not to make you sad, honey, but I think the words the people were clamoring were 'get down from that stage.' And to answer your question about Michelle's boyfriend, just asked you for a dance, and you turned him down. Don't you feel like making someone a little jealous?"


The idea sounded funny to me. I was almost dismissing it when I looked at Michelle again and had second thoughts. She used to be a real bitch back then, and now, I could get a little bit of revenge on her.


"You're a genius, Jace. Anyone ever told you that?" I giggled and left.


I walked up to the fine man who seemed surprised to see me. And at such perfect timing, Michelle was just coming around.


"Hi! Still want that dance?" I kept my eyes on the man's and didn't evenlook her way.


"He doesn't. Why don't you go pick someone else?"The bully said, irritation in her voice.


I turned to her with a smile.


Well, well, well. I might dislike her, but I couldn't deny the fact that she had grown into a very beautiful woman. Michelle had always been beautiful, and back then, a part of me had been intimidated.


"Hi, Michelle." I waved at her. Surprise crumpled her face.



Yes, I know you,witch.


"Sorry, but your boyfriend asked me for a dance.You're not the restricting type, are you?"


The man was already on his feet, holding out his hand. "Please, dance with me." Grinning with happiness, I took his hand. To Michelle,I winked. "I'm Lyric, by the way. The name should sound familiar."


I watched her jaw drop while I proceeded to the dance floor with her date.


Hm. Sure feels good to be beautiful.


He had his hand around my waist and we danced into forgetfulness.


I was finally pressed and needed to use the restroom.But I didn't leave without taking one more shot at the counter. When I got there, Jace wvas surprisingly gone.


Hm. Maybe he had to take a call or something.


I proceeded to the restroom and was about to go in when I noticed I was being followed. Turning around,I found two men in front of me. One was Michelle's boyfriend. He said his name was Josh.


The other, I did not recognize. "Hey, this is for the ladies," I gave them disapproving looks.


"Yeah, we know. My friend just wants to talk to you."The strange guy said, tipping his head toward Josh.


"O...kay. Well, just in case this is new to you,most people aren't comfortable having conversations in restrooms. People like me, mostly. So, why don't you step out and we could talk when I'm-"


"No. I think here's just better," Josh cut me off,coming toward me.


I looked at them, beady-eyed. What did they think they were doing?


It suddenly dawned on me. We were in a restroom,alone, in a noisy bar.


"Josh... step back," I warned while retreating.


He suddenly laughed. "Please, I hope you don't think I'm here to do anything stupid. Believe me, I'll never force myself on a woman. I'm just here to talk." Well, that did nothing to calm me. "Like I said, we could talk outside."


He took a step forward.


"Stop!"


"Okay, okay. Fine." He held up hishands in surrender."You got it, I'll just wait outside. It's just that, what I have to say is really important. And I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable."


He cocked his head at his friend. "Come on, Matt.Let's go."


I still took a step back, but there was a little bit of water on the floor, and the slippery thing tripped me.


I screamed as I lost balance, my body going toward the floor. Josh came to me in one swift move,putting his arms around me, steadying me.


At the same time, Matt had already opened the door,and before him was a face he didn't recognize.


"Who are-" Before he could finish the question, his heart was ripped out of his chest.


My eyes opened wide in horror as I looked at the face of the man who now came into view when Matt dropped dead on the floor.


Standing there at the doorframe, with a pulsing heart in his hand was Jaris.
###Chapter 20
LYRIC


"What the hell!?" Josh flinched, stepping away from me immediately.


I had nearly lost my balance again due to his arms suddenly leaving me.


My heart had sunk deep into the pit of my stomach as I prayed for the sight before me to be a dream.But it wasn't. Josh's friend was dead. Killed by Jaris.


His eyes, like dark pools, were on me. Then, slowly,they shifted to Josh, and he emitted a certain monstrous snarl. He tossed the heart to the floor and started approaching Josh and me.


No. Not me. Josh.


"I-I haven't done anything!" Josh cried.


Realizing what was happening, I ran to stand before Josh.


"What do you think you're doing!? What do you have against him?" I snapped at the man who looked insane right now.


"Step out of the way, Lyric." His eyes were still on Josh behind me.


"Why!? What did he do?"


Finally, he looked at me. And if I wasn't so angry myself, I'd have crumpled to my knees in fear.


"Do I really have to spell it out? I need to explain why I want to kill a man who had his hands over you?"


It dawned on me like a bell. My eyes widened like saucers at the realization.


No, wait. He just killed Matt because he thought they were harassing me!?


Please, don't tell me.


He tried to walk past me, but I moved, getting in his way."What is wrong with you? Alpha!?" I added the last name maliciously. "Did you just kill him because we were together!?"


To my dismay, he gripped my wrist with his bloodstained hand. The very one that had held Matt's heart. I wanted to puke.


"I am trying so hard not to pour my frustration out on you. Now, get out of my way, Lyric Harper, before I do something I will regret."


I glanced back at Josh, and he was scared to death.This only worked to infuriate me some more.


"We are leaving. Now." I gritted.


"Like hell we are." He tossed me aside.


But before he could get to Josh, I was in front of him again. "Please! He didn't do anything! I promise,he was just about leaving."


"Why the hell didn't you tell me you were connected to Alpha Jaris!?" Josh yelled behind me.


Because I'm not-l wanted to tell him, but Jaris was already blind-furious, and the last thing I wanted to do was grate on his nerves some more.


"You're not touching him. Otherwise, you can kiss goodbye to your son's treatment." My eyes were dead serious as I looked into his. And right there,I saw his rage grow.


Josh took his chances. Carefully, and I mean, very carefully, he scurried out the door. To my greatest relief, Jaris let him. But his eyes didn't get any softer.


Now that Josh was safe, my anger was in full flow,especially as I stared at Matt on the floor.


He was dead.



Dead. Because of him.


My gaze turned icier as I walked past him, heading for the door. But a strong hand grabbed my wrist,twirling me around to face him.



"Did you just threaten me?" His voice was as icy as the bite of a frigid breeze against exposed skin. "I did! Because you were about to kill an innocent man!"


His hand around my wrist turned painful, making me wince. My forehead crinkled as I looked at him, but there was still no mercy in his eyes.


"I do not take kindly to threats, Lyric Harper. Threats signify danger, and I am known to always eliminate dangers."


"Let me go," my eyes turned glassy from how hard he held me.



"For your sake, I'd advise you never interrupt me in this way,ever again."


"Well, take a look at the floor!" I tipped my head toward Matt. "He didn't deserve that. You don't just kill people because you're upset!"


"Upset?" He looked at me like I was the unreasonable one. "First, you come to a club wearing a revealing dress, get drunk, sing, and let some random guys grope you. You think I don't have a right 
to be upset?"


"Excuse me?" I glanced down at my dress.


Okay, I was putting on some shorts which revealed my legs, but how was it his fucking business? I've been dressing like this for years now.


"We're not mated yet!" I huffed. "I don't understand how you can make judgments over my dress!"


He finally released my hurting wrist, but I didn't try to walk away. We weren't done here.


"Besides, this is a club! Am I expected to wear a dinner dress? There are people wearing worse things than me!"



"And the boys groping you? Or do you enjoy being touched inappropriately by them?"


My lips dropped open in shock. No, he didn't just insinuate that.



"We were only dancing!" My voice was louder now,filled with hurt. "I don't get what your problem is. You can't control me this way!"


"Listen to me," His voice dipped. "I honestly do not give a fuck about how loose and wayward you are.I know your kind is bound to be this way, but in a few days, you'll be announced as mine. You'll have to represent Darkspire, and I can't have someone who doesn't know how to be comported be my Luna.You need to know your place, lady, and not bring shame to my name. Do you understand?"


My eyes glistened with tears which finally dropped to my cheeks. I balled my hands into fists, so hard my nails bit into my palms.


Did he just call me loose? Wayward? Funny how he was the one who took my virginity. The only man I'd actually ever slept with.


He looked at my face as I cried, yet there was no reason in his. Just bleak monstrosity.


Where was the man that had bedded me five years ago? Told me I was beautiful and made me feel loved when I thought the world wNas against me? How did I ever fall for him?


He stormed out of the restroom, leaving me alone with my tears.


I ran after him, catching up with him when he was close to his car. His beta already had his door opened for him.


"I can't do this!" I shouted, bringing him to a stop.


He looked at me, his eyes as intimidating as always.But I didn't cower.


"I'm sorry, I thought I could pull through with this,but it's become obvious we can't work out. I'm terminating the contract."
###Chapter 21
"You're terminating the contract." He repeated. It wasn't a question.


I felt bad for dad, but now, he'd really have to find a way to pay off his debts. This man just ripped out a man's heart without blinking. I couldn't be with someone like him.



A dark cruel smile played on his lips.


"You have a copy of the contract with you. Go home and read it. When you're done, get back to me for the termination."He turned toward his car.


What was he talking about? "I already read the contract before signing it."


"I told you to read carefully." His eyes held mischief as they fell on me again.


Oh, saviors. What was he on about? He stepped into his already opened car, leaving me stranded there by the road.






I didn't see Jace at the club anymore, and when l tried to call him, his lines were unreachable.


I couldn't wait for him as I had a more pressing matter.


I hurried home, found the contract and took my time to go through the termination clauses. A shiver slithered down my spine when I found the one line l had missed. I could not terminate the contract. Only Jaris had the power to do so, when he sees fit.


All I could do was abandon the contract, which was a great violation that could lead to me being locked up.


He tricked me. I may have been careless and missed it, but he tricked me! Because why was he the only one with the power to end the contract?


I couldn't breath properly. This only meant that I was stuck with Jaris. For a whole year! How was I even sure I'd make it out alive?






Three days had passed since Jaris and I last saw.Two days ago, news of the Alpha King's death circulated like wildfire.


King Thaddeus had been a fierce but nice ruler. The news of his demise was a hard pill to swallow.


Every other activity was put on hold as a result of his upcoming funeral. The mating ceremony between Jaris and I also had to be shifted to a week time, and to be honest, it was the best news I'd heard in a while. If it could, I'd want it to be shifted to a year!


Today had been fixed to be the King's funeral. Only the families of Alphas could attend-it was only a measure to control the crowd since there would be a lot of important people in attendance.


I didn't want to go, but father insisted. And well,l figured it wouldn't be a bad time to get some fresh air. I was trying to source for what to wear when a call came in from a strange number.


"Hello?"


"Ms. Harper. Good morning. It's Kael."


Kael. Jaris' beta.


I became more at alert. "Hi, good morning."


"I'm calling on behalf of Alpha Jaris to inform you that a car would be there to pick you by two p.m.Alpha Jaris would love you two to journey to Brystara together."


Brystara. That was the home of the Alpha King.


Okay,he had to be joking.


"Thanks, but I don't wanna go with him."


There was a slight pause. "I'm afraid it isn't up for debate, Ms. Harper. He wants you to get ready before the car arrives."


The call went dead on me. Seriously!? I glared at the screen like I could send a punch to Jaris through it. Well, there was no part of the contract that said I was obligated to go everywhere with him.


I went back to the task at hand, searching for something to wear.






An hour later, I was fully ready to go.I didn't want to be tb last person they had to wait for.


Like always, I reached for the scan, feeling a crushing relief as I stared at the image. A sad smile touched my lips as I ran my fingers along the edges and surface. I never got to touch them, but I missed them so much.


Satisfied, I hid the picture and left the room. But right at my doorstep was Nora, her hands crossed, her eyes glaring at me.


"What did you do to Roderick?" She asked.


Goodness. "Why wouldn't he break up with you? Why wouldn't he see me anymore?"


I rolled my eyes. "Please, Nora. We're running late."


I tried to leave, but she stood in my way. "I'm talking to you!"


"Well, I don't know. Maybe it's because I look really beautiful now."


"Oh, please! Do you think you're more beautiful than lam?"


"I don't know. Why don't you ask your supposed boyfriend or fiance why wouldn't he leave me alone?"I forced my way away from her. "And please, Nora,tell Roderick to end things with me. I'm begging now."







Father was pleased to see me downstairs.


"You look lovely,my dear."


I managed a smile. "Thanks, father." 
My stepmother was already prepared and gawked at us. Father led me outside to where our cars were waiting.


Surprisingly, or maybe not too surprisingly, there was an extra one out there.


The driver was beside it but approached me when l stepped out of the house.


"Good day, ma'am. I was sent to pick you up." He said with a bow.


The sight of it only pissed me off. Jaris was a control freak!



"I already told him I won't be going with him," I replied to the man.


Father looked at me with surprise."Lyric..."


"Let's just go. Please." I walked ahead of him, going into our own car.



I was yet to get over what he did to Matt. He killed that innocent boy for nothing and didn't even feel a single remorse.


I was determined to be away from him as much as possible, until the mating ceremony inevitably brings us together.
SOMEWHERE IN MYSTOPIA







The bartender refilled the woman's cup for the umpteenth time.


He watched as she emptied it in seconds, her eyes fixed on the screen ahead.


The bartender couldn't tell if she was interested in the sport being aired on the TV. She didn't strike him like the type that would be interested in such programmes.


She looked fierce, with a deep scar running down the left side of her cheek.


The young woman, though pretty, had the looks of someone that cared little for people.


The game finally came to an end, and she requested for her bill.


"Boring game, huh?" The bartender tsked as he waited for her to bring out her cash. "You should've asked me to switch to something more entertaining."


The woman only glanced at him-slowly-but didn't say a word. She handed his money to him.


"Gracias." The bartender said as he took her glass and turned to leave.


"I am looking for someone," the woman finally spoke,drawing his attention.


He turned around to see a picture now on the table.



"Have you seen her?"


The bartender shook his head at once. It was a lady with an ugly scar. He hadn't met anyone like that.


"Sorry I can't help you." Saying nothing, the woman tucked the picture back into her pocket.


"Who's she?" The bartender was curious.


The woman was already on her feet, dragging her weapon sheath. "She's someone that shouldn't live amongst us. Someone dangerous."
###Chapter 22
JARIS



Dominance.


My wholelife, I'd always craved for this.


My family had a history of producing the highest ranking Alphas. So, it was easy to grow up feeling in control.


But from young, I'd always craved to be the dominant one in every way. It is the reason I was doing better than my predecessors.


Yet, for the first time in my life, there happened to be someone who seemed to challenge me. Someone who grated on my nerves and tempted me to draw blood.



This was not who I am. I was always feared and respected. So,how dare she?
I left for the funeral in an irritable mood. Oh, this was not over. Lyric Harper would pay dearly for what she did today. I'd make share of that.


We took my private jet to Blystara, and the funeral was nothing short of what I had expected. Luxury.High dignitaries.


King Thaddeus may have died an early death, but it was known in our tradition to give funerals of high ranking Alphas the best.


I noticed the room go a degree colder the second I walked in with Kael and Nerion. The people paused for a moment, their beady eyes watching me as l made my way in. It was nothing new. I usually had this effect on people. It was easy with the kind of rumours that had been brewed against me.


"Jaris Dreadmoor," someone called, coming toward me.




It was Clark, the late King's brother.


He wore a bright smile as he dipped his head slightly. Well, Clark might have been a brother to the King,but he always respected me.


"Clark." I acknowledged with a nod.


"It's a pleasure to have you here."


Minutes later, the mood in the room returned to normal. Everyone was back to having their normai chatters and laughters.


Other Alphas soon joined Clark and 1. I noticed tonight, they were trying hard tobe friendlier.


It dawned on me that a lot of them had expectations of me becoming the future Alpha King. Hence,everyone suddenly wanted to get in my good books.Formerly, all they did was avoid me. But now, they wanted to be close to me. How ironic.


Some of the Alphas and I discussed the circumstance surrounding the Alpha King's death and howhi tragic it was to lose a man like him so soon. Although, they did more of the talking while I kind of listened.Suddenly, the room went cold again. But this time, it wasn't because someone terrifying had entered.I could tell from the stunned look at the people's faces as they stared at the door.


I equally turned, and for a moment, there was a tightening in my chest.


Coming through the door, next to Alpha Bennett was his daughter, my future Luna. And if she wasn't the most stunning sight I'd ever seen.


My fingers tightened around the glass of wine I held,my jaw clenching. She looked gorgeous, her long black dress, filled with silver stones at the cleavage hugged her curve so perfectly she looked like and hourglass. Her hair was styled into a messy bun,some strands falling over close to her big round green eyes.


Lyric Harper was the most good looking lady I'd ever seen-I knew that from the very first day I set eyes on her. Yet, she's the first woman to challenge me. 1loved women with fire, but I hated how she directed hers at me."Well, that is one gorgeous sight," The Alpha beside me said,dreamily.


It got on my nerves. But I couldn't blame them all for admiring her. No woman in the room had looked that good until now.


She didn't look in my direction to notice me and stayed close to her father. It took the room a while longer to get over the scene and resume their normal conversations, although a lot of them still stole glances at her from time to time.


"You might break that glass," Nerion whispered in my ear from behind.


It wasn't until that moment that I realized I had been grabbing the glass too tight. I wrinkled my nose in irritation as I dropped it on the tray of a passing waiter and tried to take my mind off the stubborn woman.


I still couldn't believe she was mad at me for saving her back at the club. I'd seen the boys following her to the restroom, heard her scream and as soon as the door went open, the asshole had his hand around her waist. Could she be any less grateful? Wasn't it obvious they were planning on hurting her? Or did she enjoy being around so much men?


Her father was taking her around, introducing her to some of the top Alphas. Now what was his problem?Why was he acting like she needed some stupid connections when she already had me? I was the highest connection she could get; the top tree that connected to other branches. Alpha Bennett really needs to stop getting on my nerves.


Not long after, they got to our spots. Of course, I'd been standing with three top Alphas. The man would want to introduce his daughter to them.


Was he aware that I hated sharing my women? It was a harmless introduction but not one I welcomed.


I noticed her go nervous as soon as they stopped before us. Her eyes only caught onto mine for two seconds before she was forced to look away. But not me.I kept my eyes on her, right on her face. Her father exchanged greetings with the Alphas.He greeted me as well, but all I did was nod.


Then, he introduced Lyric to them as his daughter.


"Seriously, Bennett. I had no idea you had such beauty in your family," one said.


"She looks like she'd make a perfect wife for my son."




Every nerve in my body tensed. If I had been holding a glass at this point, I was sure I'd have crumpled it to pieces.

###Chapter 23
JARIS


I noticed Lyric go tense as well. She darted her eyes quickly to meet mine before returning it to the floor.


I could easily read her. She might be trying to be brave all the time, but Lyric was someone that had been accustomed to fear her whole life. This fire she was always spitting was her forcing herself to be strong and not easily intimidated. She was trying so hard to be a different person.



And now, it left me curious. Who was Lyric Harper before now?


"Uh...I am sure your son is lovely, Alpha Maxwell,but my daughter is already taken," Alpha Bennett answered, surprising the others.


"Wow. Are you serious? Who is this lucky man?"

Alpha Bennett looked at me, but my mood was long ruined that I didn't want any further introduction.


"If you'd excuse me," I gave a curt nod to the other Alphas and walked away, knowing I was leaving an embarrassed lady behind.







LYRIC


My whole life, I'd never met anyone more rude. More arrogant.


How could he walk out on father and l? Was he ashamed of having me introduced as his soon to be Luna? Yet, he had stormed into the club and ripped out a man's heart for my sake.


Embarrassment coloured my cheeks as father and l continued our walk. But soon, he got too involved in a conversation with some Alphas that I didn't have any interest in.


I had to find my way around to avoid being bored. I made it to the wine counter to ask for something light. While I was waiting formy order, I felt a light tap on my shoulder and turned around to see Jace. My mood brightened up at once.


"Goodness! Forgive me, pretty lady, I must have tapped the wrong lady. I'm looking for Lyric, and you sure look a lot like her." He said with his hand on his chest.


I laughed as he hit him on the shoulder. "Stop joking around, Jace. I'm glad you made it."


"Well, you know who my father is," he shrugged."I had to be here."


Jace and I had actually planned on coming together,but something came up that had him delayed.


"So, how's it? Have you seen him around?" He asked,darting his eyes around.


I didn't need to ask who he was referring to.


"Unfortunately, I did. He walked out on father and l."I don't care what it looked like. To me, he was disrespectful by doing that. Well, he was at the top and probably felt untouchable.


"Oh, girlfriend. I hate to be the one to break this news to you, but I think you've got yourself entangled in a bit of a problem. That guy is the most dominating Alpha I know. He clearly loves control,and you're in for a scary ride." My drink was served,and I glared at Jace when he took it up instead of me.


He ignored me and sipped from it. "Well, fortunately for you, it is just for a year, right? Just three hundred and sixty five days. Eight thousand, seven hundred and sixty hours."


"Jace!" I gasped, hitting him on the arm.


Geez! We were in public. I needed to be more composed.


"Thank you for the vivid description of how long I'll be stuck with the monster." I rolled my eyes.


"Monster? He doesn't look like a monster, Ly. He's the complete opposite."


I rolled my eyes again, refusing to dignify that with words.


We were soon interrupted by the presence of Kael.Geez,I preferred dealing with Nerion.


Kael was always grumpy and short tempered, while Nerion was the gentle one. I wasn't surprised Jaris picked Karl as his beta. The two were a perfect match made in Hades.


"Ms. Harper." He kept his gaze solely on me, not even glancing at Jace. "I'd advise you keep your distance from men. This is a public event, and as you must know, people tend to make news out of things like this. It might get out bad when they discover you had been engaged to Jaris the whole time."


Woah. Just when I thought I'd seen the worst id it.


But what men have I been with exactly?


"Are these Alpha Jaris' words or yours?" Jace asked with a grimace. Kael finally looked at him, but his eyes were icy."Doesn't matter to you. What matters is they weren't referred to you."


"Well, sadly, I'm not wearing a skirt and a wig. So please, don't tell me the men she's meant to stay away from is me."


Kael shrugged. "If you think yourself a man, why not."




Jace huffed. "I am more of a man than you can ever be,brute."


"Really? You didn't fight like one at the restaurant the other day. Or maybe it's because I'm just a lot stronger.I hardly noticed whatever skills you've been honing for years."


This seemed to get to Jace more. The mirth vanished from his eyes as he stepped up to Kael.


Oh, please. I couldn't deal with this again. Not anymore.


"Jace..." I tried to hold him, but he wrenched his hand free.


"Are you sure about that?" He was staring Kael right in the eye. "If I remember correctly,you left with some really bad bruises. Unless you want to pin it on a Halloween costume."


"Like you said, 'if you remember correctly'. I guess now we know you also have memory problems."


"Guys, please stop." I stepped in their middle.


It was a good thing they hadn't drawn any attention yet.


I turned to Jace. "Jace, it is the King's funeral. Trust me, the last thing your father wants is you getting your knuckles bloody here."


I turned to Kael next. "I heard you, and for the sake of peace, I'll avoid every man here at the party. Thank you.Now,can you go? Please."


| desperately prayed in my heart that Jace wouldn't utter another word. Thankfully, Kael left, but not without giving Jace a threatening glare.


"I honestly don't know how long I can put up with this," I said to Jace with frustration.


If I had known Jaris would be this controlling,I never would've left Draconis to listen to what father had to say.


Jace had gone back to drinking, but I could tell he was really pissed.


"I need some air," I muttered and left the hall.


But as soon as I stepped outside, I regretted my decision.
###Chapter 24

 LYRIC


Seriously, I can't deal with this right now.


I turned around to leave, but as expected, he was faster and rushed to stand in my way.


"Please, I can't do this. I'm not doing this with you," I said with irritation while avoiding his gaze.


"Really?" He scoffed. "Don't you think that's a little harsh for someone you're still bonded to?"


I gave him a fierce, cutting stare. "I am not bonded to you! Every connection we had ended the moment you rejected me as your mate, Roderick."


"Is that so? I doubt the ribbon at the temple would agree, though."


He stepped back, as if to properly admire me. "Well,you look stunning, Lyric. I promise, if I had seen this part of you five years ago, I'd have treated you better."


I crossed my arms, hating that he had the privilege to evenlook at me right now.


"My father has been trying to reach you. You've been ignoring both of us, Roderick, and you know it's important."


"Yeah, I know. And I'm so sorry. But don't worry,Lyric, I'm ready to meet your father. He and I need to talk about our remating ceremony."


"Sorry, our what?" My face crumpled like I'd just tasted lime. "I've told you; you're more than delusional if you think I'd ever get back with you.Even if you were the last male on earth, I'd rather remain single till the end of my life."


"Hm. Speaing about being single..." he tsked. "You wouldn't happen to slept with anyone while you were away,right?"


My chest swelled with the emotions threatening to consume me.Memories of the nights he would come home with different women and make out with them in our matrimonial bed haunted me. He had been a true monster! He despised me so much he wouldn't even touch me for once.


In that little moment, I was tempted to tell him I had given my virginity to someone else on the very day he broke up with me. How lovely his reaction would be.


"Fuck you, Roderick." I turned to leave, but his hand grabbed mine.


"Let me go!" I struggled with him, then suddenly,felt a new presence. A familiar one.


"Is there something going on here?"


My heart skipped a beat as I turned to find Jaris watching us, a glass of wine in his hand.


Oh, no. No. Roderick and Jaris shouldn't be in the same sentence.


"Alpha Jaris," Roderick called with a small smile, releasing my hand. "Please, go back to the party.There's nothing here you should bother yourself with."


Jaris' face remained impassive. "Are you sure?Because you seem to be troubling something that's of importance to me."


Something? Hold on, was he referring to me as a tool?


Roderick seemed surprised. His gaze slid between Jaris and I.


"Do you... know her?" He asked.


"I more than know her. Actually, we're getting mated in a few days. So, I ask again, Roderick, is there something going on here?"


I watched Roderick's jaw drop, and my stomach did the same.


No. Roderick couldn't tell him we were still bonded.

That would totally ruin things for me. "Are you being serious?" He huffed."You...and Lyric are getting bonded?"


I turned quickly to face Roderick, turning my back on Jaris as I whispered. "Please, we'll finish this conversation some other time. For now, could you just leave?"


"What's going on?" Jaris demanded, coming closer.


Oh,no.


Roderick looked speechless. But above all, he looked angry.


"Please," I mouthed to him.


I felt I'd already pissed Jaris off enough and news like this would really tip the scales. But thankfully, by some unexplainable miracle, Roderick listened.


"We are not done," he grumped before angrily walking away.


I took a deep quiet breath.


"What is going on with you two? What aren't you done with?" Jaris snapped, getting in my face.


Good Moon.NJow,I have to deal with this.


"It's-It's nothing."


Staring into his face, all I could see was irritation.


"Lyric Harper, who exactly are you?" His voice was colder than an Arctic breeze. "Do you really have this much complications with men? Will I have issues with my Lunaalways found flirting with men?"


"No!" My voice was near a shout. By the moon, I hate it when he implies that I'm loose. "I promise you, it's not what you think. I'm not like that."


Gods, it hurt. It hurts to have to defend myself against such absurd accusations.


"Are you sure about that? Because so far, I've been dealing with the men in your life. Just three days ago,you were dancing almost naked in a club with men who you let romance you as they please. Then, you got followed by two men whose clear intentions were to force themselves on you. Yet, when I saved you, you were furious like I'd interrupted something good.And now, today, I've had to deal with-how many is it?"


I wanted to scream. It was too much to take in.


"Okay, first; I was never naked to the club. I didn't know I had to watch my dress sense since I was still very much single. Secondly, I'm telling you, I have nothing with these men."


"Then, explain Roderick to me at least."


"It's... It's complicated!"


I sighed. Goodness, it was really complicated. He'd get really mad if I told him I was still bonded to Roderick. It might be considered a breach of contract and I could get locked up for real.


What have I gotten myself into?


His jaw drew tight. "You disobeyed me today when you left my chauffeur hanging."


I forced myself not to roll my eyes. "I told Kael over the phone.I wanted to go with my father."


"I don't take lightly to disobedience, Lyric." He stepped toward me. "And tonight, you'll understand how dire the consequences of your actions can be.Tonight, I'll punish you; make you feel hurt deep in the bones. Tonight, you'll learn never to disobey me.Ever again."


My lips were dropped open in shock as I watched him speak. His eyes looked so threatening, and it didn't sound like they were empty threats. He was going to hurt me...tonight.

###Chapter 25
LYRIC


When he turned to leave, I took off in a pursuit. "Fine!Let's talk."


But he didn't break his stride or spare me a glance.


Damnit. All he made were threats and I was already losing my mind.


"Okay, I'm sorry. Alright? I was just pissed over what happened with the guy from the club. And-And the fact that I couldn't terminate the contract. I felt tricked. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have reacted the way l did."


But he still didn't look at me. Damn him, he was as hard as rock.


Reaching the entrance of the hall, he went in without sparing as little as a glance at me. And in that moment, I knew I was fucked.






I couldn't enjoy a thing from the rest of the funeral.All I wanted was for it to come to an end so I could run to my hotel.


Or maybe I could go now. That way, I'd get to escape whatever Jaris had planned for me.


Yet, a part of me was still scared to leave without his knowledge or permission or something.


The rumors were not complete. Jaris was a bigtime manipulator. Knew how to mess with people's heads.


I kept my eyes on him all through the party, watching how detached he was from everyone he met.


He looked so different from the man I'd slept with five years ago. Had he simply pretended that night to get me to his bed? What went wrong?



JARIS


Fear was one of the most effective forms of punishment.


I knew that was what Lyric was experiencing,and it brought me a strange sense of satisfaction. And I wasn't even done with her.


No one had ever disobeyed me. I wasn't about to let her make a habit of it.


I could feel her eyes on me, following my every move like a hawk. If we weren't in a public gathering, I was sure she'd have run after me.


My blissful moment was soon interrupted by the arrival of two unpleasant guests.


Zarek and Chloe.


They were holding hands, trying to wear their perfect smiles as they walked toward me.


Zarek Callahan. Alpha of one of the top ten ranking Packs.


On a normal day, we weren't supposed to have any problems. But the issues between Zarek and I were beyond personal.


"Jaris," he gave a curt nod.


I said nothing, sipping from my glass. After all,there were other Alphas he could talk to beside me.


"How have you been, Jaris? I assume the news of the King's death must have hit you really hard." He continued talking.


Now, I was irritated.


"Thaddeus was not my personal King. He was a king to every one of us."


As soon as I spoke, the smile Chloe had been forcing on her face vanished.



The pain was there, very clear now.


I couldn't believe that after five years ago, she still hadn't gotten over it.


"You're right." Zarek nodded. "He was a king to us all. Tell me, who do you think is fit to replace him?" I chuckled.


Oh, truly, it was admirable. How hard he was trying to act normal like he still wasn't pissed about the fact that his current mate hadn't chosen me over him.


Five years ago, Chloe had been madly in love with me, despite knowing I had no intention of being with her.


We only had sex for one night, and she didn't want to let me go. She rejected Zarek who was in love with her, just so she could be with me. She hoped that someday, I'd get to choose her.


But in the end, I had to force her to leave. I wasn't interested in keeping a woman.


Since then, Zarek had been furious with me for bedding the girl he loved. But I still couldn't understand how it was any fault of mine. In my defense, yes he loved her, but she didn't love him and wanted me. Besides, they weren't mated yet.


"I am sure there are many more people that would be delighted to have that conversation with you, Zarek."I emptied the wine in my glass. "For me, I totally have no interest."



Setting the glass down, I walked away.






If there was a good thing about me, it was how accurate my instincts could be sometimes.Something in me told me that little scared Lyric would want to run for the heels after my threat.


So,she wasn't the only one who kept an eye out for me. I did the same. And the moment I realized she was missing,I left the hall.


It didn't take me long to find her scurrying toward the direction of the gate.


Using my Alpha speed, I reached her in three seconds, blocking her way.


She gasped, startled. What? Shouldn't she be used to things like these? "Going somewhere, Lyric?" I taunted her. "We're not done yet."


Her eyes that were always spitting fire now looked frightened. Wow. Lyric Harper, tongue-tied. Quite the sight.


"I don't make empty threats, Ly. And I never forget."


"Please," there was a slight tremor in her voice."Just...Just let it go. Okay? I promise you,no more disobedience."


I halted my steps. She was scared. Like, really scared. Her eyes were glossy, like she wanted to cry.I hadn't even touched her yet. Hadn't told her what plan I had in mind. Yet, she was already shaking.


This meant one thing; she was used to being hurt by others. This fear wasn't just because I'd threatened her,but because she was afraid of the usual pain that came with her being hurt all the time.


I almost felt pity for her. Almost.


But I didn't go back on my threas, unfortunately. Instead, I ended up with a lesser punishment.


"I still can't let you go. I need a way to make you feel pain, Lyric; so you'll always remember not to defy me."


She took a frightening step back. My eyes roamed over he body until it landed on the necklace around her artfully crafted neck.


That necklace.


She's had it on from the first day I saw her in my Pack. And every other time I've seen her, she always had it on.


The pendant-whatever it was-was always hidden in her dress. But from the cord, I could tell it was nothing fancy. Yet she always had it on her like it was very important.


Of course, it was. And no punishment would be more befitting.


Closing the distance between us with a swift move,l yanked it off her neck. Her eyes widened like saucers, her lips forming an exaggerated 'O'.


I'd never seen anyone look more pale before. Right there, she looked like she was about to die.
###Chapter 26 
LYRIC

No.Not that.

He could take anything from me. Not that necklace.

The scanned image was the first valuable thing I had. This was the second. I couldn't afford to be away from it for one second.

I tried to take it back from him, but he pulled his hand away.

"Please, give it back." I couldn't control how shaky my voice was.

He stared at it, like he held some sort of admiration for it. He rolled his thumb along the locket, and in that moment, I yearned for oblivion.

"I think this will do," he nodded. "Goodnight,Lyric."

He turned away.

No. You've got to be kidding me.

"Please, you have it to give it back. You can't take it from me." I ran after him.

I felt cold tears on my cheeks. Oh, damn it.

He kept walking until he reached the parkinglot. Kael and Nerion were already there, the backseat hanging open.

Jaris got in, completely ignoring my pleas. Where the hell was he going?

The door was shut and Kael and Nerion got into the front door.

"Hand it back!" I was angry now, slamming my hand against the window.
The asshole had the guts to stare at me through the window, letting me see how superior he was.

The car started and drove off.

I was losing my mind. I couldn't let him get away with this.

There was a waiting cab nearby and without thinking, I got in. "Follow them!"

The cabby seemed hesitant but went after them.

I cried in the backseat. That locket contained ashes from my babies' clothes. After I lost them, I'd burnt the little clothes I bought for them and put some of the ashes in the locket so I could have it with me all the time.It was my own way of feeling their presence as I had not even been able to get their bodies to bury.

He had no idea-he was holding a locket containing remnants of his babies' belongings. Of course,he didn't care.And if they'd been alive, I wasn't sure I'd have let him come near them. A man like him didn't deserve to be around children.

My cab man followed him until he drove into a suite. But before I could pay the man and rush out of the cab,he was already going through the revolving doors.

I ran after him but was stopped by the security at the door.

"Do you have a reservation, ma'am? If yes, we'd like to see your details." The first one said.

Geez, Jaris was getting farther away.

"I-I don't have a reservation I just need to see someone." My eyes were on Jaris as I answered hurriedly.

"Okay. But first, we'll need to confirm from the person that you're to be let in."

Huh? Jaris would never agree to let me in.

"Fine. I want to make a reservation!"

"I'm sorry, but we're fully booked for the night. If you'd like it, we have other amazing branches we could-"

"I don't give a hoot about your hotel. I just need to see someone, and he's getting away!"
Jaris was already getting into the elevator. My heart crumbled as he pinned me with his gaze, letting me know he won.

"I'm really sorry. These policies are set in place to ensure the safety of our guests. And you know the city's quite busy today.Considering the King's funeral..."

The man continued talking, but his voice was soon blocked out by the roar in my ears

I clutched the sides of my dress as I stared at the elevator which had long gone up. Jaris was gone.With one thing that meant the world to me.

I was so broken, I couldn't leave.

I found a spot to sit within the vicinity, and it was a good thing none of the securities tried to get me to leave.Because I didn't plan on leaving. I was going to stay here and wait for Jaris to give back my necklace.

Having it taken from me suddenly brought back the pain I'd never truly healed from.

My babies. I didn't even get to hold them in my arms. Maybe, my life would've taken a different turn if l hadn't lost them. If the cruel hands of death didn't take them from me.

After my time with Jaris five years ago, I discovered I was pregnant. But since I didn't know who he was back then, and I'd been abandoned by him and everyone else around me, I had to handle the pregnancy myself.

I met a woman-Penelope-who was very kind, took me in and helped me. But unfortunately, my babies died at birth. I never even got to see them. I'd been in an accident and passed out, so an operation had to be done on me to get them out. And when I regained consciousness, I was told they didn't survive.

The only odd thing was the fact that I didn't get to see Penelope either. According to the nurse I'd seen when I woke up, she told me Penelope had an emergency and had to leave.

I'd been looking for Penelope since then but to no avai. I only wanted to know where my babies were buried.I wanted to be able to spend time with them, sometimes.

It's possible she had buried them that night since I was unconscious, but I wanted to know where.
I sat there, in front of the waterfall for hours, my tears not stopping. I was there until late into the night, even when the atmosphere had gotten quiet.

I didn't have a single strength in me anymore. I felt so weak without the locket.

At a point, one of the securities came up to me. But it was out of concern.

"If you don't have a place to stay, I could offer some help. Our storage room is locked right now, but I'm with the keys....”

"I don't need a place to stay," Imuttered weakly without looking at him.

I didn't mind staying here until morning.

However, the more I stayed out here in the cold, hungry and exhausted, my rage toward him amplified.

I heard the departing steps of the security, but not long after, new ones approached. Could they leave me alone?

"Why's it so important?" I gasped and turned at the sound of his voice.

He was there, wearing simpler night outfits but looking every bit of the annoying man that he was.

He had my necklace in his hand, giving it a puzzled look. "You're willing to spend the night here, just to get this back." He held it up. "What makes it so special?"

I sniffled, wiping my tears as I stood up. I avoided his gaze. By the moon, I was so mad at him I wished I could give him a punch. But that would only be me writing my death sentence.

Silence stretched between us for a while. He must've seen that I had no intention of speaking to him, and by some miracle, he handed the necklace back.

"Never disobey me, Lyric. For as long as you're with me."

My answer was a hard glare, my eyes still rimming with unshed tears.

I picked up my purse and walked past him, heading to the gate.
I felt relieved. So so relieved. But I was still wounded that he could be this cruel to do this to me.

Getting to the road, I looked out for cabs. There were still a few cars driving around. I should be able to see one.

Bidding time, I stared at the necklace in my hand, a sad smile touching my lips.

That was the last blissful moment I had for the night as a car, seemingly intentionally, ran into me, bringing me to the ground.
###Chapter 27 
JARIS

I didn't expect her to be so stubborn over a mere necklace.

Unfortunately for me, my suite had been facing the very spot where she was seated. So, I could see how long she spent, being stubborn and refusing to leave without it.

I'd been curious enough to open the locket and to my surprise, it turned out to be ashes.

It was old tradition to burn corpses and preserve their ashes. Nobody did this anymore. So,why would she do it? And who did she do it for?

It made me understand why it was so imnportant to her. And for a reason I couldn't explain, I was forced to go out and hand it back.

She was so furious. Never seen that much anger in her eyes before.

And as she walked out the gate, I continued watching her.

It happened swiftly. She hadn't been in the way or anything, yet a car ran into her, knocking her to the ground.

It felt as though, breath had been knocked out of my lungs.

I acted on impulse, running toward her,ahead of the securities.

The driver took off, leaving her abandoned by the road.

Something was wrong. She had been in the safe lane. Did that car run into her on purpose?

I got to where she was and scooped her into my arms without hesitation. She was passed out and bleeding from the head.

Damnit!

Thankfully, the suite had a health care for urgent situations.

"Have someone follow that car. I want him brought to me!" I ordered the securities around and watched them hurry to execute the order.

I ran into the suite, heading straight to the health care center.



Lyric was well taken care of. It was reassuring when the nurses told me she'd be awake in a few hours.

I got to know she had a dormant wolf. Funny how this was never mentioned to me.

Apparently, it was the reason she couldn't heal on her own.

With the imminent danger out of the way, I ordered her taken to my suite.

I had booked the suite with two rooms. It was the only one available at the timing of booking.

I laid Lyric in the second room, then went out to speak with the securities that had gone after the driver.

Disappointing enough, they'd been unable to catch up with him.

But why would anyone do this to Lyric? It was obvious the car didn't have the intention of killing her. It only wanted to hurt her.

Whoever was behind this, it must be someone who knew she didn't have an active wolf and would take long to heal.

For a strange reason, yet again, this fueled me with so much rage. Even my wolf stirred angrily. WVhy would anyone do this to her?

I called for Nerion who was sharing the next suite with Kael.

Nerion, being my head of security, was very good with digging information. When it came to hacking and being smart, I didn't think he had a rival.

"I need you to find everything you can on Lyric Haper. First, I need to know what her connection is with Roderick Fletcher. And more importantly, find out if she's lost anyone important to her in recent years,and if the person's corpse had gotten incinerated."

One good thing about Nerion was the fact that he enjoyed getting new tasks. He loved it when he was busy.

"Right on it, Alpha," he said witha dip and left.

I returned to Lyric's room, grabbed a chair and watched how peacefully she slept.

Retrieving the necklace from my pocket, I opened the locket and felt a sharp pang in my chest when the ashes came into view.

"Who did you lose, Lyric Harper?" I mnurmured to myself.

****+****+

It was exactly three a.m when she finally woke up. I was still on the chair, going through my phone when l noticed her stir awake.

She looked around, and when her eyes landed on me, surprise clouded her visage.

She looked like she was about to throw a million questions at me, but then she touched her bandaged head,and her expression turned sour.

"You were in an accident," I informed her. Just in case you're forgetting.

"Who was it? Did he wait around?" The way she asked, she must also suspect it was intentional.

I shook my head, hating how disappointing that was. "They couldn't catch up with him."

She darted her eyes around the room for a second time. "Where aml?"

"In my suite."

She looked at me like I'd just told her she'd been sold to me.

"You were in an accident, Lyric. The suite had a health care center. When they were done treating you,I had to bring you to my room. I only had to do this because people would talk if they got to know l abandoned my soon-to-be Luna."

She gave me a quizzical look. "So, you do care what people say, after all."

"I chose my rumours,Lyric."

She touched her neck and paled. Knowing what she was about to ask next, I held the necklace up to her."It's here."

She peeled herself from the bed, coming to get it from me. Well, she had been through a lot. So,I didn't let her struggle for it and just handed it over.

To my surprise, she started for the door.

"What do you think you're doing?" My brows arched.

"I'm leaving."

Right. I thought you were going to fix the door or something.

"I have an extra room where I'll be spending the night. Get back to bed, Lyric."

"I don't want to," she snapped. "Not to sound ungrateful, but don't you think it's your fault I got hit in the first place? If you hadn't taken this from me, I wouldn't have been here in the first place." Her eyes flashed with hurt.

Maybe she had the right to be mad, but I didn't really care. The least she could do was thank me for letting her touch my bed.

She wrapped her hand around the door's knob. The woman was getting on my nerves.

"Damn it, Lyric! Get back here before I do something crazy!"

That did the trick. She visibly shuddered and looked at me with a kind of fear.

Okay. Maybe that came out harsher than expected. But there was only little I could do when I had someone constantly upsetting me. A fucking tear dropped to her cheek. But she walked away from the door, back to the bed, sitting with a huff and her arms crossed. Well, I didn't care that she looked like a brewing hurricane right now. As long as she was there.

"If you need anything, ring the landline," I told her before taking my leave.

Honestly, I wasn't sure I could survive one year with this woman. She was frustratingly infuriating.
###Chapter 28
LYRIC

I kept counting the hours until morning.

As soon as it was the break of dawn, I planned on leaving immediately.

But when morning came, I was surprised by a breakfast buffet, a new dress, and a nurse checking on me.

I didn't want to believe that Jaris had thought of these himself.

I freshened up, changed into the fresh dress-a cute black knee-length gown, by the way-and ate to my fill.

The nurse remnoved the bigger bandage around my head, having it replaced with a small patch. She also told me I was fine and could move about. Not like I had any intention of staying over.

When I finished and went to the other room, I found Jaris already dressed, talking with Kael and Jaris.

Right. He had the general Alphas' meeting to attend. Even my father was attending.

I waited for him to finish with his men before I greeted him and told him I was leaving.

"We're leaving together," he cocked his head at the door.

Kael and Nerion must have had to do something else because they didn't follow us out of the room.

I walked behind Jaris as we reached the elevator and waited for it to open up. When it did open, there were two occupants inside, people I recognized-Alpha Zarek and his Luna, Chloe. I had met them at the funeral last night.

I noticed their eyes dim the moment they saw Jaris. Well, I wasn't surprised Jaris had a lot of enemies.

After a slight hesitation, he stepped into the elevator, and I did the same.

Alpha Zarek and his Luna were behind us, the air in the small space tense.
"I didn't know you had a woman now," Zarek said."Congratulations."

Jaris chuckled. "Quite funny. I didn't know you considered it an achievement. It explains why you were quite sad when a certain woman left you."

Okay. What the hell was going on?

Fortunately, nothingelse was said until the elevator reached the ground floor.

"Lyric, right?" Zarek called as we all stepped out of the elevator.

I didn't say anything, but he smiled at me.

"It was nice meeting you," he uttered the words with a certain menace. Then, he smirked at Jaris and left with his Luna, whose face seemed to be covered in shame.

Jaris didn't utter a word, but I could tell he was pissed. We left the reception and headed for his car.


······

JARIS

As soon as I dropped Lyric off at the suite her father had reserved, I proceeded to The Silver Citadel for the Alphas' meeting. I'd rather be anywhere but here, but it was mandatory as important matters had to be discussed.

Half an hour later, the meeting fully commenced

Every single Alpha was present. The seating arrangement was far from normal. It was arranged in a ring-like position with the Alphas sitting according to their ranks.

The Pack Overseers-which were the Lycan Chairman and Representatives-sat in the first circle.

The second row was occupied by the Sovereign Alphas-which was my Pack and nine others.

The Alphas of the major Packs followed, and then the minor Packs were last. Those ones hardly had a say in public matters.
The Lycan Chairman gave the opening speech, talking about the late King and how good of a leader he had been. He hinted at the fact that investigations into his death were still ongoing.

After that, he brought up some pressing issues like hanging taxes and...

Then, we arrived at the main reason for the gathering-the throne of the Alpha King.

"As we all know, it cannot be vacant for long. Someone would have to fill that space. Someone worthy, of course.Since King Thaddeus' death was untimely, he was unable to recommend anyone. So now, we'd have to do it the usual way. But as we all know, only the Sovereign Alphas can partake in the challenge for the throne."

I drank some water while the Chairman spoke about the rules.

"Now, from the Sovereign Alphas, which of you would like to partake in the challenge?"

All nine of them lifted their hands. I suppressed the urge to scoff.Seriously?

Seconds passed. The Chairman was yet to move on to the next phase. I noticed all eyes were shifting to me.Then,I suddenly realized what the problem was.

"Jaris?" The Chairman called. "Are you not...participating?"

"If I was, my hand would be up. I've been attentive, Luca." My reply stunned everyone.

"Are you trying to say... you are not interested in taking the throne?" One of the representatives asked. He was among those who hadvisited my Pack.

I shrugged, nonchalant. "I honestly have no interest."

I loved power, but I was already getting enough of that, being the Alpha of Darkspire. Almost everyone would bow to my will. I didn't feel like getting my hands dirty for the extra position.

"Wow." Zarek, who was sitting across from me, clapped. "I never knew you were so generous, Jaris."

I bet he'd be grateful. With me out of the picture, Zarek was the one with a higher chance of winning.

Yeah,he could kiss my feet.
*****

When the meeting finally came to an end, I went over to the Citadel's bar to pour myself a glass of Bourbon.

"I'm curious, Jaris. Why aren't you participating in the Alpha challenge?" Zarek asked as he joined me at the counter.

I forced composure into my bones. Could anyone get him away from me?

"Tell me, is it because you do not have a Luna yet?" He leaned against the counter, staring into my face with that smirk I'd very much love to get rid of.

One of the requirements for participating in the Alpha challenge was to have a Luna. Funny how they thought I couldn't easily get a Luna if I wanted.

A date for the commencement of the challenge had been fixed, and it was to begin in a few weeks.

"What about the lady I saw you with at the suite? She was quite beautiful."

"Is your own woman suddenly not enough, Zarek? It's a bit shameful to compliment my own woman in front of me." I swigged from my glass while he laughed.

"Do you think she'd be as loose as Chloe was?" His face grew more serious as he asked. "If she's tempted,do you think she'll cheat on you without hesitation?"

I shrugged. "Chloe left you for me. Take a good look at 'me,' Zarek. Do you think anyone can beat me?"

"You're not the hottest guy on earth, Jaris. How about we give this a bet?" His eyes beamed. "If you promise not to interfere, I think I can get your woman to sleep with me in seven days."

I cocked my head to meet his gaze. "Really,Z?"

"Yes." He shrugged. "Unless you are certain that she's loose and can easily be seduced."

"She's not loose." My voice came out clipped.

"Then, you have nothing to be afraid of, Jaris. Give me seven days, and I'll show you how loose your woman can be. Believe me, she'll be begging to return to my arms."
###Chapter 29
LYRIC

The following day, Father and I returned home to the Pack, as did every Alpha.

I was exhausted and simply wanted a shower and a bath, but my sister had a way of getting in the way of my wants.

"How was your stay in Blystara?" She asked as I walked toward the door of my room. "Ooh. Looks like you ran into a bit of trouble," she pointed at the patched part of my head.

It actually didn't hurt anymore. In a couple of days, the mark would be completely gone.

"I'm fine, Nora. Just go, please."

She couldn't accompany us to the funeral as she had something very important to take care of. She had been somewhat depressed since Roderick started treating her like trash. But it really wvasn't my fault.

"I hope the driver was really hard," she suddenly said when I was about to open my door.

Wait, what? I furrowed my horse as I looked at her. She was wearing a smug smile with her arms crossed over her chest.

"I mean, I did tell him to be reallý hard on you. I hope you felt every crushing pain for hours."

My eyes widened like a startled deer caught in headlights. No way!

"That was you!?" I stepped toward her, disbelief clouding my expression. "You hired someone to do that to me?"

She casually shrugged. "I wasn't there, but I'm sure it must've hurt like a bitch."

"You're sick! I'll make sure you pay for this."

"Oh, really? How exactly? It's not like you have any evidence. Or do you really think Father wouuld believe l actually tried to hurt you?" She scoffed. "Go in and rest, Lyric. And keep watching your back."

She walked away, leaving me brimming with rage.



I had gone to father to report the issue to him, but he was so busy with numerous calls I didn't get the chance to meet him.

I decided to tell him later because there was no way I was letting the little witch get away with this.

I felt a little better after showering and was taking a nap when a call woke me up. To my surprise, it was Jaris.

We both hadn't spoken since he dropped me off at my suite yesterday.

"Hello?G-"

"How fast can you get to Darkspire?" He cut me off, sounding very urgent.

The remnants of sleep vanished from my eyes.

"Uh..." I checked the time. "I-I don't really know. It's-"

"I need you here, Lyric. Now. It's important."



I changed into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and headed to Darkspire. Jaris didn't tell me what the problem was, and it made me even more anxious.

Reaching Darkspire, a maid was already waiting outside and led me to where Jaris was. It turned out to be the kids' room.

My heart shattered as a hint entered my mind.

I hurried into the room, and as expected, Xylon was shaking in bed. His sister was on the floor beside him,crying her eyes out, while Jaris sat on a chair next to the bed. Though he looked calm, I could see the worry in his eyes.

He stood as soon as I entered. "When I called, it wasn't this serious. What took you so long?"

I frowned at his tone. Why was he mad at me? I decided to brush it aside, realizing he was going through a lot of emotions.

"I need a bowl of warm water, please. And some napkins," I said to no one in particular as I hurried to sit on the bed. Carefully, I placed his head on my legs.

The maids in the room hurried to get what I wanted.

"And some Cinnamon, if there's any available!" I added.

Xylon's skin was like hot coal. He was burning up and shaking terribly. Tears rimmed my eyes. I didn't want to start imagining how painful this must be for him.

"Don't worry, everything will be fine. I'm here now. It's going to be fine." I spoke in hushed tones as I cradled his face.




Less than thirty minutes later, Xylon was completely fine and asleep on my legs.

I smiled as I stared into his face, my fingers lightly stroking his hair.

He was so handsome when he looked this peaceful. My heart hurt for him. Jaris had mentioned him going through this since he was two. So, he had been suffering from this for three years. It was a horrible thing a child as cute and innocentas he had to endure.

I carefully rested his head on a pillow and followed Jaris out of the room.

"Thank you," he said with a slight furrow in his brow as we stood in the passage. His eyes were lowered to the floor as though he was contemplating something. "I didn't entirely believe it when Xyla told me how quickly you had treated her brother the other day. It almost doesn't seem real." He met my gaze. "How do you do it?" I shrugged and sighed. "Honestly, I don't even know how l do it. I'm just glad I'm able to save people when l need it to."

Jaris nodded. "It's a blessing, then."

Oh, trust me; it's also a curse. They didn't know it, but this had gotten me into a lot of trouble.

"The date for the coronation ceremony had been fixed. It's happening in seven days," he said, distracting me a little.

"Oh, okay." I guess nothing would be getting in the way again.

"But what do you say about moving in before then? You're quite helpful being around Xylon."

I glanced at the door before nodding. I honestly didn't have an issue with it. If I could help the little boy in any way, I wouldn't hesitate to jump at the offer.

"I'll do it. I think it'd be better if I move in today so I can commence full treatment on him tomorrow."

His eyes softened. Wow. Jaris Dreadmoor looked at me tenderly.

In that fleeting moment, I caught a glimpse of the man I'd spent the night with five years ago. The man who had called me 'Princess' when everyone else called me ugly.

"I appreciate that you're doing this for him. It doesn't go unnoticed." He said.

Hm.Who would've thought that Jaris could actually be polite?

I dipped my head and turned toward the door.

"Lyric?" He called, bringing me around to look at him. "Could you be extra careful this week? You know,thécoronation is just around the corner. I wouldn't want anything ruining it."

"And... by being careful, you mean-don't go clubbing? Don't hang out with my male friend..." I suppressed the urge to roll my eyes. "Those are really not the problem, Alpha Jaris."

"Just do as I say and stop arguing." There was slight irritation in his voice. Woah. The old Jaris slipping through the cracks.

"I heard you." As I turned to open the door, I rolled my eyes since he couldn't see me.

JARIS

I'd never seen anyone with her kind of healing skills.

I've watched Marta struggle to stop Xylon's epistles within hours. But right in front of me, Lyric used minutes.

But it also meant good news for Xylon. Hopefully, she'd be able to treat him before the end of our year contract.

Now...I actually hope she'll still be alive by then. She deserved to.

Nerion was waiting in my study room when I entered. He was leaning against my table, reading a newspaper.

"Welcome back, Boss. I trust Xylon is much better?" He lowered the paper from his face.

"He is. How is Kael and te task I assigned to him?"

"He's doing great. Will be back any moment."

I nodded and took my seat, taking out some documents.

"I actually have information on the task you assigned."

I dropped the documents and focused on him. I was more interested in Lyric Harper.

"And... I don't think you're going to like what I found."
###Chapter 30
JARIS

I didn't like the sound of that.

"I don't need to beg you for information, Nerion. What did you find?" There was slight irritation in my voice.

"Actually," he took the seat across from me. "she has previously been mated to Alpha Roderick."

What?

"They got mated when she was eighteen, but as soon as Roderick got what he wanted-which was going up the ranks-he dumped her."

Woah. That didn't sound good. I bet Mother mustn't have been aware of this. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been so quick to push her to me.

But if things were over between them, why was Roderick all over her at the party?

"When did they break up?" I asked.

"Five years ago."

I shot a surprised stare at Nerion. That long? Goes a long way to explain why the news wasn't common.

"Are there any photos from when she and Roderick were together?"

"Sadly, no. It was quite surprising when I couldn't even find any old pictures of her. Turned out Lyric wasn't fully involved with her family before now. I don't know why, but she didn't take pictures of herself."

Well, that's strange.Who wouldn't have pictures of themselves?

"And what about the death of a loved one?" I asked.

Nerion shook her head. "The last time she lost someone important was when she was six years old when her mother died. And I confirmed that the woman was buried and never incinerated. Since then, she hasn't lost anyone important to her."

Not what I'd been expecting. That locket contained the ashes of a loved one. If she hadn't lost anyone from her fammily, whose ashes were she wearing around,then?

"After she broke up with Roderick, what has she been doing?" I asked a moment later.

"Nobody knows. They say she had suddenly vanished for five years and just returned not long ago."

Suddenly vanished? That didn't make any sense.

"I need to know where she's been, Nerion. Find out everything you can on her from the last five years."

I didn't know why, but I couldn't help but feel that something was missing from her.

LYRIC

I kept Xyla company until her brother came awake. I'dalso intentionally stayed behind because I wanted to make sure the boy was fine enough for me to leave.

"How're you feeling, Xylon?" Xyla asked, holding his hand.

His eyes went round until they fell on me. He looked weak, but I caught a glimpse of happiness in them.

"You... saved me. A...Again." the words were muttered.

He didn't strike me like someone that stammered. I think he was just scared of speaking. Why was he so scared?

"I did. And now, I need a gift from you." I beamed at him, lightly massaging his scalp.

He looked intrigued."Help?"

"Yes. And that will be you telling me what you want to eat."

His nanny said he hardly ate, especially after an epistle. Something about him being too sad to eat. He lowered his eyes from mine, not saying a word.

"Xylon?"

He looked at me again, then ordered for his writing tab. It was quickly given to him by his nanny, and I watched with interest as he wrote on it:

"Will you eat with me?"

HHis question stunned me. What in the name of the moon? And why did it make me want to cry?

"Of course," I chuckled, my hands going softer in his hair. I was trying so hard to fight back the tears."Just tell me what you want to eat, and we can get on with it."



Xylon ended up ordering mini corn dogs, Caprese salad, and macaroni and cheese. And the three of us all ate together.

I ensured he finished his meal. Even his nannies were surprised.

Xylon grabbed his tablet again, writing something down on it. I realized he made use of it when he wanted to have a long conversation, which would be difficult for him to communicate through speech.

"Have you considered working in a hospital?" He showed it to me when he was done writing.

Woah.Another unexpected question.

"Um... I used to want to work there when I was a kid. But not anymore."

"Why?" This time, it was Xyla who asked.

I'd have actually loved to work in a hospital, but after what happened three years ago, I wasn't sure I wanted to get into more trouble.

Xylon scribbled down on his tablet. "A lot of people are suffering, Aunty. I go to the hospital most of the time, and I see people worse than me. If you can help them, it'd be really nice." His words left my heart in fragments. How touching that he was more concerned about others in his condition. With the pain he was going through, he must feel really bad that they went through worse.

"Will you do it, Aunty? You'd be helping a lot of people," Xyla winked at me.

I chuckled.

Ugh. Why were these kids having so much influence on me? Now, I couldn't get the image of people suffering out of my head.

"I'll think about this. How about that?" I said with a smile.

Much to my astonishment, Xylon hugged me.

Woah!

"Thank you, Aunty. I had a good feeling about you the first day I saw you."
###Chapter 31
LYRIC

A while later, I left to grab my belongings. Coincidentally, Jace had come around to deliver something to father.

Father was thrilled when I told him of my plan to move to Darkspire. It served as a kind of assurance that the contract was going through, and he'd have nothing to worry about.

As for Jace, he insisted on accompanying me to Darkspire. In his words, he wanted to help me move in.

I told him about Jaris' new rules, but he didn't seem to care. Seeing that he was stubborn, I decided to call Jaris.

"Please, believe me when I say Jace is merely a friend. He means no harm and only wants to help." I tried to sound as convincing as I could.

By some miracle, he approved of it. Hm. Jaris Dreadmoor was showing a different side of him today, and I think I prefer this side.

Jace helped me gather my things while teasing me about my new role.

"Make sure you don't get pregnant. I know Jaris is awfully handsome, and there's no doubt that he's quite big down there.But your contract is only for a year, Ly. Trust me, you don't wanna end up with a baby all by yourself," Jace said as he folded some clothes into my luggage.

I rolled my eyes. Well, I did know what Jaris looked and felt like down there. He was the first man I ever had,and it was the best feeling I'd felt in a while.

"Don't worry, there'll be no sex between us," I told Jace as I dusted my shoes.He made that perfectly clear in the contract. No form of intimacy, no catching feelings... nothing.

As for the baby part, I already had two and lost them. I didn't want to relive that pain. "That is what every woman says until a man tickles their ear and tells them how beautiful they are." Jace casually said, and I threw a pillow at him.

When we finished packing up my things, he helped me take them to the car with the aid of some guards while I spoke to Father.

"What do we do with Roderick? The ceremony's in a few days. Right now, I can't breach the contract."

"I know. I know, Lyric." Father looked troubled. "I'll try to get to Roderick today. If he doesn't cooperate, I'll have to seek extra help."

I told him to act fast because I didn't trust Roderick anymore since he was now aware of my engagement with Jaris.

Jace and I drove to Darkspire. I was shown to my room, and my belongings were taken in for me.

Jace helped me make some extra arrangements in the room, though I didn't think it was needed. The room was quite large, well-furnished, and very beautiful. It was far more beautiful than what I had in Ravencrest.

"Thank you so much, Jace. You didn't have to go through this stress," I told him when he rounded up with the last wallpaper he was fixing on the wall.

"Oh, don't mention, Ly. You're like a daughter to me. I got to do this for you."

I hit him on the back, earning an 'ouch' and a chuckle.

Afterward, we decided to take a walk around the Pack before he left. It was already evening, and his Pack was quite far away.

We came across a big room that resembled a bar and went in. There were a few people there, drinking.

We could see their wine collections at the counter, and it was a whole lot.

"Wow. I must say Darkspire has got good taste." Jace said with a nod as we walked toward the counter.

There, we requested a scotch whiskey.

"How much does it cost?" Jace asked, dipping his hand into his back pocket. "You don't have to pay for these. They're free to every member of Darkspire," the bartender said, surprising me.

Jace and I exchanged a glance.

"Now, this is an attribute of a real pack!" He laughed. "If I'd known I'd be getting free drinks every day, I'd have found a way to become a member long ago."

I shook my head. These drinks were expensive. Giving it out to hundreds of people daily for free...

Darkspire must have a lot of money.

Our shots were served, but Jace wanted something more. He was pointing at certain drinks on the counter when I turned to the door and found Marta approaching, a young lady beside her.

Ugh. Kill-joy.

I didn't look away when her eyes found mine. But I did notice something else. When Jace turned slightly to ask me a question, and Marta caught a glimpse of his face, she stopped walking.

Jace looked away, continuing his conversation with the bartender. But Marta looked like she'd seen a ghost.

Her lips parted open. Quickly, she turned around and scurried out the door.

In seconds, she was gone.

Huh? My brows furrowed in confusion. What was so wrong with her? Was Jace the reason she had that reaction? Or was it something else?

He finished placing his order and properly faced me.

"Jace, do you know-" I was interrupted by my phone ringing.

I thought of ignoring it. But when I noticed it was Roderick,I excused myself to take the call.

"Roderick. I want to believe you're calling to ask me to meet you at the temple." I looked around the balcony to ensure there was no one around. "Spare me the drama, Lyric. When were you going to tell me you were engaged to Jaris?" He sounded pissed.

What?Was he insane?

"And why do I need to tell you anything? You have no position in my life, Roderick."

"Damnit! Stop saying that!"

Roderick was furious. He had the right to be furious because I was engaged to Jaris? Oh! He was a joker.

"He doesn't know wve're still bonded, does he?" He grumped.

"We're not bonded! We already rejected each other five years ago! As soon as that little stepis completed-"

"It is never getting completed, Lyric. And you know you can't be with someone else if we aren't through. It's forbidden."

"Yes! Which is why we'll be breaking the bond before the ceremony."

He laughed. The asshole actually laughed like it was funny.

"Now, this is what will happen," the laughter was gone from his voice. "You have until the end of today to tell Jaris the truth and end things with him. If you don't, I'll come over myself tomorrow and spill the beans.Trust me, I'll make it more embarrassing. What do you think the people of Darkspire would think when they learn you were trying to become their Luna while bonded to another? It'll make you look desperate, Lyric.And I don't think Jaris would want to be associated with a woman like that. So, I'm giving you the opportunity to make this less humiliating."

My heart swelled with rage. I wanted to punch Roderick in the jaw. I wanted to see him beaten to a pulp.

"Fuck off!" I growled into the phone and angrily dropped the call.

Ugh! I hate him! How did I ever feel a thing for him before now?

I quickly called father to give himan update. He was pissed as he was worried and told me he was going to contact the Priestess at the temple tonight. We were still talking when suddenly, I heard noises coming from the bar.

I dropped the call without bidding bye to father as I rushed toward the bar, thinking about Jace.
###Chapter 32
LYRIC

I stepped out of the bar for a few minutes, but Jace was already in trouble.

Broken tables. Smashed glasses. Chairs flipped upside down.

The place was in chaos as people struggled to separate the two men engaging in a serious brawl.

Jace and Kael.

By the moon, not again!

"Jace! Jace!" I shouted, pushing my way through the mess.

"Having a friendly conversation!" he yelled back, just before dodging a punch.

I grabbed his arm, trying to pull him away, but he shook me off like a damn wet leaf. They kept going at each other,tossing chairs, knocking over drinks-basically turning the bar into a battleground.

How in Selene's name did this happen?

It took Nerion's intervention to bring an end to the madness.

I stood in front of Jace, panting and glaring at both him and Kael. How could they do this in front of so many people?

"I need an apology from him. This instant! Before he steps a foot out of this place!" Kael demanded angrily.

Boy,was he pissed.

Jace wiped blood from his lip with the back of his palm.

"Apology? Sure. I'm sorry that your feelings are more fragile than a soap bubble." As usual, Jace's mouth knew how to make situations worse. "I am telling you," Kael pointed a finger at him. "If you don't apologize to me, you're not leaving."

"Kael, please!" I stepped in. "I'm-I'm sorry for whatever he did. Could you let it go?"

"Please, stay out of this, Lyric. I don't have an issue with you. Your friend, however, seems to like them a lot,and I'm here to show him just how much he can get from me."

"Oh, come on!" Jace raised his hands. "If you want to act like a little bitch, at least wear a dress to complete the look."

Kael lunged forward, but Nerion clamped a hand on his shoulder.

Finally,with Nerion's intervention, Kael was pulled away from the bar, leaving Jace alone. Now that I confirmed that Jace was safe, I let myself be mad at him.

"It's late. You should go."

I walked ahead of him, and then he caught up with me outside the bar.

"Fuck, I didn't get to finish my drink. Who knows when next I'd be seeing a free drink," he grumped to himself.

What?

that seriously all you're bothered about?" I whipped around so fast my hair nearly slapped him. "Come on,Jace.What yo did in there wasn't cool!"

"And how's it my fault? The dude attacked me, Ly. Was I supposed to just cross my arms and thank him for reconstructing my face?"

"Look, I don't know what happened, but I damn know you're not innocent. I told you what Jaris said to me earlier. He doesn't want a scandal in any way."

"Well,your hair and face look perfectly fine. So, I don't think you're the one who got engaged in a fight. And trust me, I wasn't screaming your name while I was fighting."

"Jace!" "Goodnight, Lyric. Go on and have a beautiful sleep." He walked ahead of me. Suddenly,he paused and turned to me. "But know this, the wine here is damn good. So, prepare to see more of me." He added and walked off.



I was scared that Jaris would confront me regarding the fight and I'd be in more trouble, but fortunately,he didn't.

It was a good thing because I had a bigger problem to worry about. Roderick's threat still hung over my head.

I stayed awake until late into the night, thinking of a way out of it. I couldn't bring myself to tell Jaris the truth. No. He was already of the opinion that I was loose and all. Confessing to him that I was someone else's rejected mate and was still currently bound to that person wasn't going to look good on me.

I couldn't let Jaris discover the truth.

I kept thinking until I slept off.



By morning, I went to check on Xylon. He and Xyla were having breakfast in the dining room,looking smart in their uniforms. They were both excited to see me.

"So, today, I'll be going to get some herbs and other things we'll need to make you better." I happily informed him.

He took up his writing tab, penning down on it. "Will I really get better?"

There was so much hope in his eyes. I was determined to do everything I could tomake sure he didn't get disappointed.

My smile broadened as I tousled his hair. "Yes, darling. You won't have to go through those painful epistles again."

"Oh! That'd be so great, Aunty!" Xyla clapped her hands. "I really hope this works out." "Step away from them." A cold,familiar voice suddenly said.

Looking ahead, I saw her entering the room like a queen.

She was corporately dressed, her heels clacking against the floor.Her eyes seemed to spit fire as she glared at the proximity between me and the kids. I was actually sitting next to Xylon.

Calmly, I stood up.

"Who let her in?" She looked around at the two nannies in the room. "Aren't you aware that my kids shouldn't be disturbed when they're eating?"

Xylon and Xyla didn't just stop eating; their expressions went sour.

"Please, don't blame it on the nannies. I think I have the right to be around Xylon, especially. Maybe you should speak to the Alpha for better clarification."

Her eyes burned brighter with resentment. "I don't need to speak to anyone. You don't have the right to be around my kids without my consent."

Huh? "I just told you; I'm taking care of-"

"Then, you treat him when it's necessary instead of throwing yourself at my kids."

My jaw dropped in shock.What!?

She shifted her eyes to the nannies. "Bring them to the car. Let's go."

She walked out of the room, arrogance radiating from every pore in her skin.



Marta was something else. I sincerely hoped she wouldn't be giving mea tougher time here.

An hour later, I was ready to go for Xylon's herbs. My mind drifted to Roderick and his stupid threat.Although, I'll admit-I was a little scared.

Nerion was waiting outside with a car. "Alpha Jaris wants you to go out with this," he handed the keys to me. "And this." He handed a card next."It's a black card. You can pay for anything you want with it. The pin is two-two-five--five."

Now, this was interesting. Black cards were only used by the richest Alphas. From what I heard, only five Alphas in the world owned this, and it meant unlimited funds.

I guess I shouldn't be surprised, considering the fact that Jaris was ruling the highest-ranking Pack.

"Thanks for the card, but I think I can make use of my car." It was brought to me earlier that morning since Jace and I had arrived in his own car yesterday.

"No offense, but the Alpha doesn't want you driving around in that when there's something better," Nerion said,surprising me.

Huh? What was he talking about? Although it was my father's cheapest car, it wasn't bad at all.

"No argument, Lyric. Just drive. Please." He really said it like a plea.

I rolled my eyes and made to open the door.

"Do you need someone to come along?" Nerion asked, holding the doors open for me.

Ugh. He was so gentle. Why couldn't his colleague, Kael, be like him?

"No,thanks. I'm good."

The door was shut, and I hit the road.

Okay, I won't lie; this car felt good to drive.



It was a long drive from Darkspire to where I was headed, and I was relieved when I finally arrived.

It was known as Botanical Bliss-the biggest herb store in the country.

Xylon's condition was a very complicated one, one that was life-threatening. I'd never dealt with it before,yet somehow, I knew of the right things to getthat could help. It was quite strange because this wasn't how the gift worked in my family. Usually, they'd have to do research and all to know what they needed. But that wasn't the case with me. I already knew what was needed just by having a look at the situation.

It was always stunning.

I picked up a basket and went through the list I'd drafted as I walked by the shelves.

"Lyric." Someone suddenly called in front of me.

I stopped abruptly, realizing I'd have bumped into this person if I had taken two more steps.

However, I was met with a surprise. It was Alpha Zarek.

###Chapter 33
LYRIC

I tightened my hold around my shopping basket as I dipped my head.

"Good morning, Alpha Zarek. Sorry, I almost bumped into you."

"Oh, it's nothing." He chuckled. "I didn't know you came to such places.You deal with medicines?"

I simply nodded.

"That's nice. I only came over to check for certain things. It's a good thing that I met you here."

A good thing? Why's it a good thing?

I managed a smile as I stepped away. "Take care, Alpha."

I walked away, continuing with my shopping.

A while later, I was done and went over to the counter to clear my bills. To my surprise, the man at the counter simply packed them up and handed them over without asking me to pay.

"Someone already took care of your bill," he stunned me.

Oh?"Who's that?"

"Alpha Zarek,." He tipped his head behind me.

Turning slightly, I found the Alpha learning against a shelf, waving at me with a weird smile.

Okay...Why would he do a thing like this? I never asked.

Dropping the bags, I went over to meet him. "You didn't have to."

"Please, don't stress your tongue over something so little. It's change,Lyric." "Thanks, but I really don't need it. If you don't mind, I'd like to pay for them myself."

A small frown touched his brow. "Why would you want to do that? Aren't you used to people doing you favors?"

I was just trying to be extra careful like Jaris wanted.

"I'm really sorry, but I can't accept it."

Dipping my hand, I returned to the counter where I took care of it myself.



I played a song and sang along with it as I drove back to Darkspire. This car was pretty smooth. And expensive.Why would Jaris even want me to have it?

Then, I remembered the contract. I had access to every property of Darkspire. Hm.

I reached the Pack House and some maids came over to help me get the things inside.

But before I could go in with them, Kael approached me.

"Lyric.You need to come with me." The look on his face. It wasn't good.

"O...kay. But there's no problem, right?"

He hesitated, then sighed. "It's AIpha Roderick. He's here."



Every nerve in my body went taut. Air abandoned my lungs as I struggled to breath.

Roderick. He was here. To finally ruin me.

I stood rooted to the door for some seconds, not having the courage to move. What if he's told Jaris the truth already? How could he really do this to me?

Kael turned and started waIking head, but he stopped  when he noticed I wasn't following. "You need to move-now. He and Alpha Jaris have been waiting for you for hours."

By the hunt! That son of a bitch! He really did keep to his words!

My hands shook as I retrieved my phone from my purse and called father. Fortunately, he picked up almost immediately.

"Father, Roderick is here." A mix of fear and anger went through my voice.

"What!?"

"He's with Alpha Jaris now. You need to come over. I don't know what to do." I hung up.

I couldn't divulge much, not when Kael was giving me that suspicious stare.

Taking a deep breath, I went in with him and met Jaris, Luna Isolde and Roderick in the conference hall.

Oh, for the love of the moon! Even Jaris' mother was here! I was truly cooked.

I studied Jaris' expression as I entered. Does he know the truth already? His face was as solid as granite. So,it was hard to tell.

My eyes fell on Roderick, and I gave him the death glare The asshole was smirking at me, having that look of 'I told you so.'

"Lyric, dear. It's a good thing you're here." Luna Isolde said, her voice firm. "Alpha Roderick claims to have some information he'd like to share."

A lump formed in my throat. I had to swallow really hard to take it down.

"Uh... Why don't we discuss this outside, Roderick?" I forced a nervous smile as I looked at him.

"No," Jaris interjected. "I want to hear what he has to say." He looked at Roderick. "Tell me."

I let my eyes stay on Roderick, sending him a silent plea. But the bastard actually smirked and shifted his gaze to Jaris.

"Lyric and I are bonded." Oh,no!

Luna Isolde gasped, confusion marring lines on her forehead.

I closed my eyes, embracing the darkness that was about to consume me.

"Five years ago, we were mates. Until she suddenly vanished, only to return now and get engaged to you.l was quite shocked when I learned you two were getting mated. Then, it dawned on me that she hadn't told you the truth. But it's kind of who she is. She'd do anything to get what she wants."

"Lyric, what's he talking about?" Luna Isolde asked, shock echoing in her tone. "You know you can't get mated to someone if you're still bonded to another. How can you do this!?"

Opening my eyes, they fell on Jaris who was giving me that very cold look. It sent shivers down my spine.

"It's notwhat you think," I whimpered, lowering my eyes to the floor.

"Please, Lyric; I wouldn't come all the way here to state a lie. Our ribbon is still intact at the temple! How could you do this to us!?" He shook his head, looking bittered. "You know, I tried talking her out of this. But she was too stubborn and wouldn't listen."

"That is not how it happened!"

"Then, tell us how it happened, Lyric. Explain yourself in a way that'd justify trying to have two men to yourselves!"

My throat was so tight, I thought I was going to cry.

"Tell us your story," It was Jaris.

A small gasp escaped me as I lifted my eyes to meet his. It was the first comment he was making. He wanted to hear from me.

"Roderick... and I used to be mated," the emotions flooded me as I forced the story out. "But during the time we were together, he treated me like a slave. In less than two years, he rejected me,because he'd already gotten what he wanted, which was power. He ended things with me and kicked me out. We'd have been through by now, but we're yet to complete the last step in the temple. Roderick kept pestering me to come back so we could finish the process and I could move on with my life. But when I did come, he suddenly refused to complete it. Instead," my eyes hardened as they looked at the monster."he wanted us to come back together.

"He wouldn't go to the temple with me. For weeks, my father and I had been trying to reach him so we could complete the process, but he's been proving stubborn." I dropped my eyes to the floor. "I didn't want to bother you with these details. But believe me, I wouldn't havegone through with the ceremony if I hadn't completely ended things with Roderick. My father and I were hoping we'd be able to get him to come around before the ceremony. I'm sorry." My voice cracked at the last word. Before I knew it, a tear was rolling down my cheek.

I sniffed as I wiped it off.

"Alpha Roderick, is that true?" Luna Isolde asked.

Roderick rolled his eyes. "Please, don't believe a word that girl says. She's really good at lying."

"Let's say she's good at lying," Jaris stood up, gentle and collected. "But did you two reject each other five years ago?"

Roderick frowned."Y-Yes.But-"

"So, the only step remaining is the ribbon at the temple?"

"Yes."

"Then, what're you waiting for?"

The room was silent for a while. Slipping his hand into his pocket, Jaris stepped down from the raised platform where he had been seated and walked toward Roderick.

"You see, Roderick," his voice was calm, his footsteps unhurried. "I don't really care what happened between you two in the past. Right now, Lyric and I are getting mated. I am really grateful you came here,because you just alerted me of a problem I had no idea existed. Right now, we're all going to the temple to cut the ribbon."
###Chapter 34
LYRIC

My chin hit the floor in utter surprise.

I couldn't take my eyes off Jaris. What in the name of the moon?

This was not the reaction I'd expected. I thought he'd call me names and everything ugly. But he was taking this better than I expected!

"What?" Roderick's voice sounded bewildered and shaken. "N...No. This is not the reason I came here.I came here to warn you about her. To tell you to kick her out!"

"So,you can have her?" Jaris huffed. "I'm afraid it doesn't work that way with me."

Roderick sprang to his feet, his gaze now contorted in fury.

"Well, I'm sorry too, but I have no intention of letting her go either."

The room turned ice cold.

What happened next was a blur-too fast for my mind to fully register. Jaris seized Roderick by the collar,and the first punch landed hard and sharp against his jaw.

I flinched.

Roderick struggled, but Jaris was already slamming him against the wall with brutal ease.

Good moon...

Roderick was strong-l had seen him in fights before. He could take down three men at once without breaking a sweat. But here? Against Jaris? He looked like a shadow against a towering oak.

It suddenly dawned on me what they say about Jaris being the most powerful Alpha. I was having a first hand experience of it. "Jaris!" Luna Isolde rose to her feet.

Jaris didn't stop. He delivered more blows and kicks to Roderick, then tossed him hard against a table. The table broke to the ground as he landed with a crash.

"Somebody, stop him!" The Luna barked at Kael and Nerion who were in the room. It was as if she was scared of interfering herself.

Kael and Nerion, however, still didn't make an attempt to stop Jaris.

Jaris reached for Roderick on the ground. His claws shot out, slashing across Roderick's chest. Blood bloomed through his shirt as he let out a low, guttural growl of pain.

Roderick was bleeding from the lips by now. He managed to get himself from the floor.

Jaris, retrieving a napkin from the back of his pocket, calmly wiped his hands. "You're going to the temple today,Roderick.Whether or not you like it." He turned to Kael and Nerion. "Bring him to the car."

I was utterly speechless as Kael and Nerion dragged Roderick to the car.Good moon! It looked like a movie!

If someone had told me that Jaris would do this for me, I never would've believed.

I forced my legs to move, going after them.

Roderick was forced into the backseat of the car, sitting next to Jaris who was obviously determined to hold him down.

"Come on, Lyric." Nerion urged, and I followed him into the second car.




I was in shock the whole time.

We reached the temple, met the Priestess, and I told her the reason we were there.

Roderick was already healing from his wounds. But the one Jaris had inflicted with his claws was still very fresh and looked painful. It should be healing by now as well. Were Jaris' claws poisonous? "Lyric, we can talk about this," the asshole said while we waited for the woman to return with our jar. "I know I messed up, but I only did this because I wanted you back. Please, forgive me and take me back."

I gave him a puzzled look. What an irony. Roderick Fletcher, begging me to give him a second chance.

I didn't reward him with even the sound of my voice. Instead, I glared really hard at him and looked away.

"Lyric-"

"Stop talking." It was Jaris, cutting him off in that terrifying tone of his.

Finally, the woman returned with our jar. Boldly in it were our names.

I remembered when Roderick and I had done this step in the temple. I'd been so happy that I was with someone despite being ugly. I had no idea that I was walking into hell.

Roderick was hell.

Opening the jar, the woman took out the ribbon.

"Are you sure about this? Have you two... sat and discussed this? You know, after it's broken, it can never be fixed." The woman asked with a dutiful concern.

That was one rule in our world. Once the ribbon was broken, the separated mates could never get back together. It was final.

"I'm sure," I said without reluctance. I hated Roderick with every fiber of my being.

"Sir?" The woman looked at Roderick who remained silent. "Your consent is very important in this, sir."

Shit. Please, don't tell me he'd mess this up.

Jaris extended his clawsas he stepped in front of him.

"I'l rip your heart out before you even blink. You have my word, Roderick. Do the right thing." Jaris was naturally intimidating.

I watched Roderick's jaw tighten. But I didn't think he had much of a choice. "I consent." He uttered the words with raw hatred.

Well,he could rot for all I care.

"Okay, them." The woman handed us a pair of tiny scissors next. "You're to cut it the same time when I give the signal.Are you ready?"

I nodded.

She closed her eyes and recited a prayer, calling on the gods of the moon to witness our separation.

"Now!" She urged.

Roderick and I placed the scissors and cut. The two halves dropped to the floor.

Instantly, I felt a heavy weight leave me. My head, my chest, my shoulders-everything about me felt lighter.

I was free!

"We're done here. Let's go." Jaris said and started for the door.

"Are you aware she doesn't have a wolf!?" Roderick yelled, bringing all of us to a halt.

No! The son of a bitch! How could he use this against me!?

When I was tortured with the silver iron at a young age, it made my wolf dormant. Roderick knew this but chose to throw it in my face?

To my surprise, Jaris chuckled. "I know." He continued toward the door.

Wait,what?

"You'll pay for this!" Roderick growled. "Mark my words, Jaris Dreadmoor. You'll pay for what you did today."

But Jaris didn't pay him a backward glance.

I was so happy I wanted to laugh. Roderick and I were finally over!

I chuckled at the asshole. "Goodbye, Roderick. I hope life treats you as badly you treated me." His stare was as a sharp as a knife. I turned away from him and left, catching up with Jaris outside.

"You're driving with me, Lyric," Jaris said without looking at me.

Oh.

He opened the front door and entered. He was actually the one driving.

Slightly nervous, I joined him in the front seat.

Kael and Nerion entered the second car.

So...Jaris wanted me to drive alone with him.

Warmth flooded my chest.

But...how did he know my wolf was dormant? And how come he didn't care?
###Chapter 35
LYRIC

Jaris started the car and kicked us into the road. Initially, I thought I was lucky, but it wasn't until that moment that I thought maybe, Jaris was trying to kill me for everything that just happened. Because why the hell was he going so fast!?

He was driving at an incredible speed, making all the buildings and people pass by in a blur.

I thought he was mad, but when I looked at him, I saw amusement in his metallic eyes. Then, it dawned on me that he was enjoying this, and he wasn't doing it because he was mad or wanted to punish me.

I laughed at some point, also enjoying the thrill of it. But I soon became worried from how dangerous it was.

"I-I think you might want to slow down," I stuttered when we'd narrowly missed a truck.

He glanced at me and smirked. "Are youafraid of dying, Lyric Harper?"

Goodness,he was enjoying this! But now, I wasn't so much.

He stepped on the gas pedal, making us go even faster. In a really dangerous way, he maneuvered trucks and cars. Horns blared angrily at us.

"The people are not finding this funny!" My voice rose a notch.

"Oh,Lyric Harper. Embrace the thrill sometimes and live."

The thrill.

I swallowed hard as I looked out the window.

I wouldn't deny; there was a part of me that found this really fun despite how scary it was. Living my life without a single fear....

A small smile touched my lips as I closed my eyes and allowed myself to enjoy the feel of the air from the window against my cheeks and my hair. It was exhilarating.

Jaris suddenly stopped on the brakes, making us bounce on our seats. My excitement vanished.

What in Hades?

I heard a low chuckle and looked at him to discover he was the one chucking. And he did that on purpose!

"That was scary," I said with a frown.

"I know. Thought I'd bring up a little scare to the fun."

I shook my head and ended up laughing.

Then, it dawned on me. Jaris and I were acting norma for the first time since I saw him in a few weeks. How did this happen?

Tonight, I could catch a glimpse of that fun man I'd met in a bar five years ago. A glimpse of that loving man that had taken me to bed.

'He abandoned you in the morning, Lyric, and had you kicked out.'

No. I shut the voice out. Tonight, I wasn't going to dwell on the past. I was going to embrace the present.

"Thank you," I said to him with a light smile.

He looked at me, his eyes probing.

"For helping with Roderick. And not judging meclarified.

He said nothing, simply shrugged, and stepped on the pedal.




MARTA

Marta hated that she was here at the moment, but she didn't have a choice when her grandmother had summoned her herself. She kept her head low as she entered her family's mansion. Fortunately, none of them were in the living room,except for the servants cleaning up the pace.

She took the stairs, heading to her grandmother's room.

Once upon a time, this mansion used to be full with so much fun. Now, it felt empty, sad, and bothersome.

She could perceive the smell of burning incense as she approached the door. Knocking twice,she made her way in and found her grandmother seated on the floor, various candles burning around her.

In front of her were books upon books and clump of herbs.

The woman's eyes were closed as she muttered some words.

Marta stood back with her head bowed. Her grandmother did not like to be interrupted when she was praying.

"Have you any idea how much of a disgrace you are?" The woman asked after a while, her eyes still closed."For six years, you only had one task: get Alpha Jaris to make you his Luna."

The woman opened her eyes, then slowly, turned aroundto meet her gaze. "How disappointing could you be,Marta? What exactly have you been doing?"

"I've been trying, grandma. I-I even gave him kids. I thought that would be enough to make him choose me.But-"

"Well, it's obvious you're not doing enough!" The woman snapped. "How can you be there and he's planning on making someone else his Luna? How useless can you be, Marta?"

Marta kept her head low, tears rimming her eyes. If it had been anyone else, she'd have spoken back at them.But not her grandmother. That would be her signing her death sentence.

"This family has gone down in shambles!" Her grandmother continued, turning away from her. "We all put our hopes in you, thinking you'd be able to help us out. But what did you do, Marta? You've obviously been there,enjoying the privilege that comes with being Jaris' baby mama, while you leave us here to rot!"
 
Marta frowned. "I'm sorry, Grandma. Believe me, I've been trying." "Then, try harder! See to it that the mating ceremony does not take place this Friday. If it does, we have lost,Marta! And you'll be useless to me."

****+****+

JARIS

After a long, exhilarating ride, Lyric and I arrived at Darkspire, and I could see how grateful she was that we arrived in one piece. He had been very scared during the whole ride, but I could also tell that a tiny part of her had enjoyed the thrill.

I could't exactly tell why I had the need to do this with her. I loved driving like 'that', but it was often alone.Yet tonight, I'd been tempted to do it with her.

I'll admit, I'd been shocked to know she was still bonded to Roderick. But it didn't take a genius to know Roderick was an asshole who was trying to manipulate things in his favour. When she said he'd treated her like a slave, I didn't have a hard time believing. Because then, it proved why she had this underlying fear in her eyes, like someone that was used to being hurt by others.

Roderick was lucky it was against the rules to kill another Alpha who didn't pose a serious threat to others.

She told me she wanted to check on the kids to make sure Xylon didn't have another epistle. I followed her.

We found one of the nannies at the door, and she confirmed that Xylon was fine throughout the day. Lyric still went into the room. So, I waited at the doorframe.

The blue lights were on in the room, so we could see how peacefully they slept.

I looked at Lyric in front of me and noticed she was staring too keenly at the kids. It was almost as if she was lost for a moment.

I heard a light sniffle, and my brows creased on their own.Was she... crying? No, that wasn't possible.

Her hand went over her face before she turned around.

"They're fine. I'll check on him again in the morning," I noticed her voice was a little hoarse this time. And her eyes... they were glossy.
Did my kids remind her of something?

Not saying another word, we left the room together.
###Chapter 36 
JARIS

I kept thinking about something else through the night.

Lyric had comprehensive knowledge in healing techniques. If she could heal Xylon, wouldn't she be able to heal me?

By morning, I'd made up my mind and sent for her in my Pack's office. I was running late as I had an important meeting at the company. But this was more important.

Lyric looked a bit surprised as she walked in.

"Did you sleep well?" I casually asked while scribbling down in my book.

"l uh...I did."

Good. Because you're about to hear some really shocking news.

"I called you here for a purpose. But first, you need to swear secrecy. What I'm about to say to you cannot be heard outside this room."

Her eyebrows knitted together in intrigue. "O...kay."

"Promise me it'll be confidential, Lyric. If word of this gets out, you'll hate what l'll do to you."

A smidge of irritation crossed her face. She didn't like being threatened.

Hmph. Her business.

"I promise. It stays between us." She responded.

Perfect. I dropped my pen and sat up.

"Since you seem to have a great knowledge on herbs and how to make people better, I figured you could provide some extra help. I have a problem that's been on for years. Like... a really long time." I interlocked my fingers. "When I'm in bed with a woman, I don't get to finish."

Lyric gasped, her eyes reflectng her shock.

I let her. She probably didn't expect me to say those words to her.

Her eyes dropped to her legs, crimson crawling to her cheeks.

"Do you think you can help?" I shrugged, hoping she was over the shock by now. We needed to move forward.

"I uh..." I watched her gulp. "I don't-I don't really..."

Damn it. "Can you form a sentence?" I snapped.

Her fingers started fiddling with the fabric of her shirt. She couldn't look me in the eye anymore. Why was she so ashamed when I was the one with the condition?

"I don't... really know. I've never treated anyone with this condition before." She stuttered the entire sentence.

"Have you treated anyone with Nexopathy before?"

She shook her head.

"But you were sure you could treat my son. So, why do you think you'll not be able to treat mine? Or are you being choosy,Lyric?"

"No! It's-It's not that."

"Okay. Is it because it has to do with my dick?"

Her eyes widened like saucers as they snappily met mine. Her mouth was wide open like a theater curtain.

I'd never seen Lyric Harper so shocked before.

What exactly was her problem? Had she never heard those words before? I was sure she wasn't a virgin. "Can you put a pause on the whole shock part and answer my question? Do you think you can treat me?"

I needed this to be done. I'd missed what it felt like to reach climnax. I'd missed that supreme feeling. The last time I got to enjoy it was five years ago, but unfortunately, mystery woman was nowhere to be found.

"I-I suppose," Lyric nervously cleared her throat. "Um.... for how long have you been experiencing this?"

"More than fifteen years."

She nodded. "And... what led to it?"

My thoughts turned murky. Okay, you're crossing the line, Lyric.

"How it came about is no business of yours. Just let me know if you can treat me or not."

She sighed, shakily. She still couldn't hold my gaze for long.

"I'll...think about it."

I scoffed. "You'll think about helping me?"

"No, not that. I mean, I'll have to think of the process and all. But don't worry, I'll get back to you this evening."

She looked really nervous now. Okay, she was hiding something. What're you hiding,Lyric Harper?

"I guess we're done here," I stood up. "Kael will be taking you shopping today for the ceremonial necessities. Remember, you have to be careful out there."

She nodded, then retrieved something from her back pocket. It was my black card.

"I made use of it yesterday. Thank you."

I scoffed as I grabbed my jacket from the arm of the chair.

"I didn't ask you to give it back. It's yours for now." I answered and I walked out first, knowing she'd follow when she was done being stunned.

LYRIC
It had to be a joke. Although, a part of me had seen this coming. From the very day I told him I could treat his son. But finally hearing it from him sounded like a nightmare.

I might have an idea that could work for him, but that'd require me touching him.... intimately.

Good Moon,the process was complex, and it definitely wasn't something I could do. Especially not with someone like him who had hurt me with that very 'thing' in the past.


....

Kael informed me when it was time to go shopping. I was quite sadthat I didn't have a female friend that could go with me. I knew it was necessary to have someone I could argue styles and colors with.

I'd have asked Jace to come along, but since Kael was the one taking me, I figured it was a bad idea.I wasn't in the mood to witness another world war.

Thankfully, the sales girls at the bridal shop we went through were quite friendly. They helped me make some decisions, and in the end, I got really pretty items, paying for them with Jaris' black card. I was still surprised he let me have it.

Well,the contract-privileges for a year.

When I returned to the Pack, I started thinking of an alternative way I could help Jaris. There was no way l was touching his...man organ to treat him.

I made some research and drove out to Botanical Bliss to get some herbs I hoped would suffice.

****+****+


MARTA

She waited in the corner of the garden, looking around and wondering where the hell he was. What was he taking him so long?

She kept glancing at her watch. She had a surgery in less than an hour. She needed to leave.

Finally, he did come, walking casually like he didn't just keep her waiting for thirty minutes.
"Marta," Alpha Zarek called as he took his seat. "I must say I am quite surprised you asked me here."

"You kept me waiting. That is not so gentle of you." She tried and failed to hide the irritation in her voice.

"Well, I never said I was gentle. But I apologize." He reached for the glass of wine on her table, taking a sip."You said you could help me. What did you mean?"

Marta glanced around. There were the only ones in the garden. It was completely safe. "I heard you're on a little bet with Alpha Jaris."

Zarek rose his brow in surprise. "How did you know this?"

"My father was at the meeting. He overheard you two talking at the wine counter."

Zarek appeared thoughtful for a moment before he leaned back in his seat. "So... how do you think you can help?"

"Well... what if I said I could you help you be the winner?"

"Hold on," Zarek chuckled. "I know who your grandmother is, Marta. She's the great Priestess. So, I know you're in possession of some really strong potions and knowledge. But if there's one thing you should know about me, it's that I like playing fair. And I'd like to win this fairly."

Marta rolled her eyes. "I never said you weren't going to play fair. I was only offering some assistance.I could make the process of winning...faster."

Now, Zarek was intrigued. "So, what do you have for me?"
###Chapter 37
LYRIC

After long hours of research, I managed to come up with something I could substitute for Jaris. Although,there was no guarantee it would work, I was hoping it would.

It was evening when I finished making the tea and proceeded to his office to give it to him. It was insane that he was always working even when he was in the Pack. It made me wonder if he had any resting time at all.

I knocked repeatedly on the door of his office but got no response. Looked like he wasn't in. But I'd already told him I'd be bringing the tea later on. So, maybe I could just go in and leave this for him.

I went into the office and carefully placed the tea on the very messy-looking table. I wondered what he was always researching on that made his table always look like a warzone.

Well, I do hope that this tea gets to work a little. It'd save me a lot of embarrassment.

I was about turning away to leave when something else on the table caught my attention. It was a photo,turned upside down.

I had no business checking it out. I had no business wanting to know who it was. Yet, there was a stubborn pull between myself and the photo.

I chomped down on my lower lip and quickly, picked it up. Breath alipperr away from my lungs in that moment.

I gasped, wondering if my eyes were deceiving me.What in Hades!?

It was me. My old self; clearly from a CCTV footage.

My head swam with the information. It was from that day I'd been leaving his hotel. What was it doing here?Why did Jaris have it with him?

****
The new discovery gave me sleepless night and I kept wondering; should I tell Jaris the truth? That I was the same girl from the hotel? What difference would it make? He abandoned me. Wasn't it obvious he wanted nothing to do with me?

But why would he have my old picture with him? It didn't make any sense.



By morning, I was super nervous when he summoned me to his office. I wasn't sure I could see him right now, but I didn't have a choice.

I went in and found him talking with Kael and Nerion while busily arranging some files. I stood by the door and waited for some minutes until he finished with the two men and asked them to leave.

"Good morning." My head was dipped, my eyes on the floor.

"Lyric." His tone was abrupt. "I got the tea last night. But I didn't feel a thing when I took it. None of the reactions you said I'd get actually happened."

I bit my lip, still avoiding his gaze. "I um... I'm sorry.I thought it'd-"

"Are you sure it was your best you gave?" He asked me with those accessing eyes.

Uh...nope.Not even close to my best. It was just a random remedy that I was hoping would work.

"I'll come up with something else," I muttered.
ノ
There was a prolonged silence. It became uncomfortable I hadto look up at him. And there he was,watching me.

"What're you hiding from me?" He asked suspiciously. "It seems you know something else that can help but don't want to share."

I was tongue-tied. He finally suspected.

"Lyric Harper. Tell me the truth. You know I hate disobedience."

Ugh. But if I did, he'd want me to carry out the process on him!
Fine. I was fucked. I didn't have a choice.

"1-"

I was interrupted by his phone ringing. He received the call and frowned.

"How did this happen? Yes, I'll be there soon." He grabbed his jacket.

Oh,thank goodness.

I watched with relief as he started toward the door. Well, if it wasn't the most relieving moment of my life.

He ended the call and glanced at me. "We'll finish this when I get back." Then,he was out the door.

At least, we had hours until evening. It was enough time to prepare myself for what was to come.



Later in the day, when the kids got back from school, I made Xylon some of his tea and performed a therapy on him. By the time I finished, he was deep asleep on my thighs.

I smiled as Istared into his sleeping face. Xyla was busy, playing with her tab nearby and paid no attention to us.

Oh,cute things. As much as I loved them, my heart ached each time I saw them, because they reminded me of the ones I'd lost.

My own babies.

If only they were alive, they'd have been around the same age as Xylon and Xyla. I was sure they'd have been pretty too.

"Aunty, are you okay?" Xyla asked. It wasn't until that moment that I realized I'd been crying.

"I'm fine," I smiled, sniffed and wiped the lone tear.

**+****+

Jaris was still not back by evening. He must have a busy day at the company.
I was bored and decided I'd freshen up and take a walk.

I took my shower and took down my towel so I could apply some lotion. And in that very momnent, the craziest thing happened.

My door suddenly swung open, causing me to scream.

My hand reached for my towel on the bed, same time my eyes darted to the door to see who the hell had come in.I really hoped it was one of the maids.

But who was I kidding?

Because right there, standing in the doorway, brows drawn, was Jaris Dreadmoor.

No!
###Chapter 38
LYRIC

Every organ in my body tightened with rage. Clumsily, I managed to lock the towel around my body, but it felt useless.

I'd wasted enough time for him to see every inch of my naked body.

"What the hell!? Don't you knock!?" I said at the top of my voice, my fingers shaking as they weakly held the towel to my chest.

I didn't care that he was the Alpha I didn't want to piss anymore. Right now, I was fucking pissed!

Jaris just saw me naked without my consent! And it wouldn't have happened if he'd just knocked!

Or maybe it was my fault for not locking the door. No, how was I supposed to know that someone like him would want to come in without knocking?

Jaris looked stunned. Too stunned. I'd never seen him this way before. Didn't even think I'd was possible.

His eyes, slowly, raked over me, stopping at my legs. It became uncomfortable.

"I apologize." He finally muttered, stepped out of the room and slammed the door.

****+****+


JARIS

What in the name of the moon?

Maybe I was wrong for going in without knocking. I didn't even know what I was thinking.

But I guess I thought that the odds of finding Lyric naked would be quite low.

How I got in wasn't exactly the biggest problem for me. I was more concerned about the fact that seeing her naked brought about a certain reaction; one I did not expect.

A shiver has traveled all the way through my chest, down to my abdomen, and finally to my groin. It looked like the most beautiful body I'd ever seen.

I couldn't explain it, but I wanted to see more of it. I was as hard as a rock already. How did it have that much effect on me?

The air suddenly felt hotter.

Reaching my office, I took off my tie immediately and groaned as I undid my buttons. Why was I suddenly uncomfortable?

A rapid knock reached my door.

"Who is it?" I rasped.

"It's Lyric!" She sounded really pissed.

Damn it. I couldn't see her now.

"I'm not seeing anyone!" My voice was grumpier than I intended.

"Well, I need to talk to you!"

I said nothing, and to my shock, she fucking opened the door and let herself in.

"What do you think you're doing?" I snarled.

She was wearing brown flannel pants and a plain black top now. Her hair was still wet, reminding me of what I'd seen earlier.

No. She couldn't be here. I couldn't see her. Maybe, I could get Kael to come throw her out.

"What you did was wrong! How could you just come into my room without knocking?" Her eyes were ruddy.Oh, she wasn't just angry, she was ashamed that I'd seen her little decency.

"I already apologized.What the fuck do you want me to do? Go back in time and erase the memory?" "Yes! If that's possible."

"Lyric,get ouut. I can't deal with you right now!" I randomly grabbed some papers from the table.

I'd never been this decomposed my whole life.

"I'm just here to tell you to be more careful. You don't just barge into people's rooms when they could be having a private moment."

"Well, maybe you should've locked your door. Have you considered that?"

"What? You can't blame me for not locking my own door. Don't try to put this on me!"

"Damn it, Lyric! Just go!" I snapped, throwing the papers in my hands all around the room.

She flinched, her eyes glossy with tears and fear. Well, I couldn't bring myself to care right now.

Finally-thank goodness-she stormed out of the office.

A while later, I picked up my tie and proceeded to my room.

Something was wrong with me. Terribly wrong.

I needed a shower.

But as the warm water cascaded down my body, all I could think of was the image of Lyric Harper, naked in her room. I could vividly remember what every curve of hers looked like-how stunning her legs were, how round and full her breasts were, and how shocked she had been.

I hated that I was doing it. I'd seen a lot of naked women in my life, yet getting a glimpse of Lyric today made me react in ways I never thought was possible.

I stared down at myself in the shower. I was as hard as rock. Painfully hard.

My brows gathered in a frown as I ground my teeth.

Don't do it, Jaris. Don't do it.

But my subconsciousness was deaf. Against my actual will, I took my hand to my erection, jerking it. I hissed at the rush of emotions, my blood seeming to run faster.

The image filled my head, and my hand worked faster.

Naked. Artful breasts. Slightly bushy but beautiful-looking cunt. Slender waist.

I groaned low in my throat as I reached that very point I'd been craving for years. That very paradise I'd missed.

I came very hard, my release fillingmy hand and dropping to the floor.

Damn it!

My eyes went close as my head lifted up in ecstasy.

It took me a whole minute to get over the wave. And when it was finally over, and my sanity had returned, it dawned on me that I'd just cum to the image of Lyric Harper.
###Chapter 39 
LYRIC

For two days, I avoided Jaris like a plaque. And I think he was doing the same.

I know we've both been intimate before. But that was five years ago! When I was a very different person,right before he abandoned me.

This body is very special now. He couldn't just look at it when he wanted.

"Congratulations, aunty," Xylon said with a sweet smile as I massaged his sister's scalp on the bed.

"For what,honey?"

"The mating ceremony tomorrow. We know you'll become daddy's Luna," Xyla answered.

Oh."Thank you."

Actually, I'd been quite nervous about that. Jaris and I would finally be mated tomorrow, only to be broken apart after a year.

But I was still more concerned about the fact we were only going to be together for a year. While it'd help my father clear his debts, I still didn't understand what Jaris would be getting out of this.

Someone knocked on the door. It was the children's nanny, followed by Jaris who stood before her.

Oh,damn it.

I got goosebumps instantly, my throat running dry.

"Uh... we'll continue our session later, dear," Isaid sweetly to Xyla as I lifted her head off my thighs.

"Bye,aunty."

I made for the door, and my heart skipped a beat as I got closer to Jaris. I dipped my head, but I could feel his eyes on me. As soon as I had gone past him, I hastened my steps.




I was relieved when I got to the room, but that relief was short-lived as a while later, Kael came over to inform me that Jaris was calling for me.

What? No way.

I paced restlessly in my room, trying to come up with the best way to avoid him. I took too long, and when l heard a knock on my door, I was startled.

Inhaling for courage, I went ahead to open the door. My breath lunged in my throat when I came face to face with the devil, in this case.

I swallowed around the lump in my throat. "Good evening, Alpha."

"I knocked." He slipped one hand into his pocket. "I hope you noticed."

If I wasn't so nervous, perhaps I'd have scoffed.

"I sent for you thirty minutes ago. I thought I'd find you busier."

I felt reprimanded. "I'm sorry. I was just about to be on my way."

"Hm." His eyes raked over me. "Doesn't look like it."

Ugh.What was he doing here? I wanted the ground to open and swallow me whole.

"Anyway, I stopped by to know how preparations for tomorrow's going."

Oh. Jaris stopped by to check on me? What a surprise in this peculiar domain!

"It's... It's going just fine. My friend will actually be coming over."

"Jace?"

"Yeah."
He seemed to give it some thought. Well, he should know by now that Jace was no threat. He was my bestfriend; that's all. Plus, I didn't have any female friends.

"If he'll be helpful," he shrugged.

My heart just got lighter. Hm. Why was Jaris Dreadmoor being so sweet today?

"Take care, then." He tipped his head and left.

I returned to my room, feeling on edge.

Would it be wrong to tell Jaris I was the lady from five years ago? What if he'd been looking for me,considering the fact that he had my picture with him?

I was damn nervous. But a part of me was pushed to actually do this.

My phone came awake on the bed. When I checked, it turned out to be a strange caller.

"Hello?" I answered it.

"Lyric.It's Marta."

Oh. My head slumped.

Hold on, Marta!? Why in the moon would Marta be calling me?

"Hi. Is there a problem?" I tucked some strands of hair behind my ear.

"That depends. I need us to meet up. Right now. It's kind of important."



In less than an hour, I met up with Marta at the garden she requested. The corner where we sat was private with just the two of us.

"Why did you call for me?" I asked as I watched the waiter open our drinks on the table and poured it into two glasses.

Marta looked worried. It was a rare sight.
"I'm just worried about my kids."

O...kay.

The waiter left, and she picked up her glass from where she took a sip. Done, he carefully placed it back on the table.

"I don't really know who you are. And it's the first time that Jaris is entrusting someone to this extent with Xylon's health. What makes you think you can actually heal him?"

She didn't ask the question like it was one of her usual word-battles. She asked it like she was truly concerned.

Hm. That was a first, coming from someone like Marta.

"Well, I won't call myself perfect. No one's perfect. But I do think I possess certain knowledge on medicine.I mean well for Xylon. I mean, he's just a little boy who doesn't deserve to go through that amount of pain. All I want to do is help him."

She drank from her glass again. "But how do you happen to possess such knowledge? Where did you study?"

I stared down at the table."It's.... It's a long story. Let's jst let go of the story."

She drank from her glass again. I noticed I hadn't even drank from mine yet.

I reached for my own glass and took a sip. Hm. Now I understand why Marta couldn't stop drinking from hers.

"I'm just trying to be a careful mother, Lyric. Initially, a part of me had thought you were pretending to care for my son so you could please Jaris. I was even worried that you might have an ulterior motif. That is the reason you see me being harsh each time I seeyou near the kids."

I chuckled. "They're poor kids. I could never do anything to hurt them."

Marta nodded. She was about sipping from her glass again when her hand shook and the crimson wine spilled on her dress. Oh, damn.

"Wow. Sorry about that," I shook my head.

The dress was ruined.

"Clumsy me!" She hissed, dabbing it with the back of her hand.

She rose to her feet. "I need to take care of this. I'll be back."

I watched her leave, heading to the restroom.

Hm. Who could've thought she could be this nice?

First, it was Jaris being nice to me. Now, it was Marta. Looks like Selene is finally on my side.

I chuckled and tried to drink from my glass again, only to realize it was empty. What!? How did I finish this without knowing!?

It was too good. I'd probably ask for the name before I left.

I felt tired. Of course, I should be. I'd been working tirelessly for the past two days because of the ceremony tomorrow.

My mating ceremony with Jaris Dreadmoor.

A smile touched my lips as I relaxed my head on the table.

I'd be getting mated to him tomorrow. My Jaris.My love.

I giggled. Images of him filled my head instantly; images from years ago. He gave me the best night of my life. And now, there was a possibility we could have more of such nights.

Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to be mated to Jaris, even if it was for a year.

Right now, something strange was happening to me. I wanted him. Only Jaris.

"Lyric?" I heard his voice.

Huh? Jaris was here?
Lifting my head, I saw him standing in front of me, looking dashing in a black suit.

"Jaris?" My head was lightweight, my voice sounding distant to my own ears.

He smiled and extended his hand to me, and I took it. He was real. Jaris was here.

"Wh-What're you doing here?" I shook my head.

Every other thing around him was blurry in my sight. The only image I could clearly see was his. But it didn't matter. The only person I wanted to see was him.

"I came to get you.Come."

He pulled me to my feet and started leading me toward the back.

Ugh! My head felt so heavy. Where was he even taking me?

I didn't need to ask. I trusted Jaris.

We continued walking until we reached a room, just behind where Marta and I had been sitting.

Oh. I had no idea there was a room here. It even had a bed in it.

Jaris pushed me to the wall, his hands on my waist.

By the moon, he was so hot. He could be mine.

There was a burning desire inside me. I couldn't think, I just acted. I put my arms around him and kissed him first, kissing him like an insane woman who had been starving for days.

****+

I woke up with my head on the table. My neck and waist hurt. My head felt like a party had happened in it.

I groaned as I sat up. What a heck of a dream I just had.

I shook my head. Why was I so aroused for Jaris? So aroused to the point that I'd slept with him?

I touched my lips. The dream had felt real. Glancing behind me, I found the room.Oh.

I stood up and approached it, but it was locked.

I sighed. Of course, it was locked. It was all a dream.

A stupid dream at that.

And we ended up not even getting intimate in the dream. I'd been about to undress when he suddenly stopped me. That was all I could remember before I woke up from the 'nightmare'.

Returning to the table, I noticed that Marta's bag was gone.

Huh? Why would she leave me here alone?

I scowled as I took my bag and also left.
###Chapter 40
LYRIC

Jace was at the Pack house when I arrived.

I told him about the weird dream, and he only made fun of me.

We sought out my jewelry and every other thing I'd be needing for the ceremony tomorrow.

Later at night, I went to Jaris' office. I still felt like telling him the truth about five years ago. I was eager to see his reaction and know what he'd say concerning why he left that morning.

To my surprise, his office was locked. When I checked his room, it was locked as well.

Hm. That was strange. Normally, he'd be back by now.

I was headed back to my room and conveniently bumped into Marta.

"You left without telling me. I was there, asleep on the table." I told her.

She was just as dressed as she'd been at the garden.

She shrugged unapologetically. "I had to take care of something. And I didn't want to wake you."

Okay.There was the mean Marta I knew.

Before I could say anything else, she walked away.


·····

It was the day we'd all been waiting for. The day that had kept me on my toes.

The ceremony wasn't until evening, and by noon, some stylists were already present to attend to me.

They worked on my hair, which took longer than I'd have wanted. They kept it up in clips while the makeup artists worked on my face.

"You're about to become a beauty queen, Lyric. Literally," Jace said, eating from a can of chips on the bed.

My mind drifted to Jaris. If he did return last night, it must've been when I was already asleep, which was quite late.

I'd stayed up late, waiting and wondering where he went and what was taking him so long to return.

Even this morning, I'd gone to check on him but still couldn't find him. I ran into Nerion and asked if everything was fine with him. Nerion simply told me not to worry about him.

I decided to let him be, concluding he was possibly doing some men stuff or something.

By evening, I was dressed in my long, red floral dress.

It was the prettiest dress I'd ever laid eyes on, which had cost a fortune the day I was getting it.

My hair was curled and fell over my shoulders. My makeup was dark themed but just perfect. I'd never seen myself more beautiful before.

"Damn, Lyric! Damn!" Jace shook his head.

I blushed, but deep down, I was so nervous.

Jace held my hand as he led me out of the room, outside to where thecars were waiting.

The drive to the temple was almost an hour. It was dark already.

My father was waiting outside when we arrived. He helped me from the car, put his hand around mine and led me into the temple.

Wow. My father looked good. And very happy.

Entering into the temple with the red bouquet in my hand, I was surprised to find a lot of people already seated. The hall was filled to the brim.

Wow. 
I was able to recognize some faces from my father's pack and some from Darkspire. Even Luna Isolde was there already. As well as Marta. They were in the front row.

This was real. It was happening.

'Don't get too excited, Lyric. It's only for a year' that ugly voice reminded me.

I pushed it aside, not wanting it to ruin this special day for me.

The Priestess was already waiting at the end of the aisle. Father dropped me in front of her before returning to his own seat which was also in the front row.

Then,we all waited for Jaris to arrive. He should be here any minute.




The clock kept ticking.

We were all waiting.

But some of the guests were starting to get impatient.

It's been over an hour and Jaris was still not here. My waist started to hurt from standing for so long I was asked to take a seat.

"Do you think he's changed his mind? A man shouldn't be this late to his mating ceremony," I heard someone ask from behind.

"I really don't know. I believe he should've been here by now if he wanted this to happen." someone replied.

My heart ached, a sharp painful feeling. Was I being abandoned again?

My fingers shook around the bouquet I held. Father, seated next to me, held my hand.

"He'll be here. Don't worry."

But an extra hour later, he still wasn't here.

The guests were already leaving. My heart was crumbling. No. This had to be a nightmare.

An additional hour later, he still hadn't come. I had already lost my mind.

The people left in the hall were not even up to ten. From hundreds of people that had initially been here.

Luna Isolde had been trying to reach him, but he wouldn't take his calls. When she called his beta, Kael said he didn't want to talk to anyone and didn't want anyone to know where he was.

It dawned on me. I was being abandoned again. I was being rejected.

The realization struck me in the chest, and that pain traveled all the way to my eyes in the form of tears.I couldn't hold them back. They fell onto my cheeks, ruining my perfect makeup.

"Lyric," father called with pity in his voice.

He pulled me into his chest for a hug, and there I wept bitterly, knowing I'd been rejected again. Abandoned twice by the same man.
###Chapter 41 
LYRIC

"Why would he do this to me?" I whimpered against father's chest. "I thought we had a deal. I thought he wanted this."

The humiliation was crippling. Twice, I tried to end this deal, but he wouldn't let me. Did he only push it this far just to humiliate me? Was I cursed?

"Jaris?" I heard Luna Isolde call.

Sniffling, I lifted my face off father's chest for a look, and there he was, striding into the hall with a look of cold detachment.

My face remained pale as I watched him. He did come. After three excruciating hours? After all the guests had left!

"Jaris, where have you been?" Luna Isolde asked in a cutting whisper when he reached her side. But Jaris walked past her without sparing her a glance.

He didn't spare me a glance either as he walked down the aisle, stopping in front of the altar.

The Priestess must have been informed of his arrival, because she stepped out again, taking her place at the altar.

I'd stopped whimpering, but my tears were still flowing.Was this a joke?

"Lyric Harper.Please," The Priestess pointed to the spot where I was to stand before Jaris.

But my body wasstone cold. I could hardly even blink.

"Lyric. Come on." Father stood up, pulling me along with him.

I didn't even have the strength to take my bouquet along. It was a miracle I was able to walk without falling. My makeup was already ruined by my tears, no doubt.

Everything was ruined!

I was taken to the altar to stand before Jaris. His face was stone cold, like the part of him I despised. He wouldn't even look at me. At that point, he looked like he'd rather be listening to the sound of nails scraping against a chalkboard than be here with me.

"What happened?" My voice was barely above a whisper, the pain still evident. "We've been waiting...for three hours."

He still wouldn't look at me. The expression on his face terrified me, just as much as it wounded me. What was wrong with him!?

My lips quivered as I glared at him. He hurt me. Abandoned me. Yet he had the nerves to stand here and act all grumpy!? Oh,really?

It was even more painful that I couldn't do anything about it. He was the only one with the right to terminate the contract. All I could do was stand her and take all the bullshit he offered.

The Priestess started the process.

I dropped my teary gaze to the floor, praying for the strength not to break down in front of him. But who was I kidding? I was already a weeping mess.

After a long procedure and proclamations, Jaris and I were mated.

She retrieved a jar of ribbon and guided us into knotting it.

"Congratulations,Jaris Dreadmoor and Lyric Dreadmoor.Henceforth, you are both one."

The very few people in the hall clapped. But even I could notice how sad it was.

Who would've thought that this very day that I looked up to would turn out to be the worst day of my life?



"You have to say something!" I said in a near-cry as I ran after Jaris who had stormed out of the hall as soon as the Priestess joined us.

"You can't just leave like nothing happened!"

He stopped walking, taking a while longer than necessary to turn to me.

His eyes were so cold, devoid of any warmth or affection. I couldn't see the man that had made me blush in the last couple of days.

"Let's get one thing straight, Lyric Harper," he started toward me, so intimidating. I stood my ground, forcing myself not to retreat. "I only came here 'cause you're a necessity. Because I need you for something. But know this-you're to stay as far away from me as possible. I'll have nothing to do with you. And hopefully, the year runs quickly so we can put an end to this."

What? Tears streaked my cheeks.

"How can you say this?" I asked when he turned around. "I thought we were... I thought we were good." My voice broke at the last word.

I hadn't felt pain this deep in a long time.

He looked at me again,his eyes not any warmer.

"I should've known you were all the same." He stared down at me in a degrading manner.

What did that mean by that? What in hell did I do?

"Stay away from me." He added and left, going into his car.

I remained there, sobs wracking my shoulders as I watched the car drive off.

He was gone. He hated me. But what exactly did I do to deserve this?

"Hey, Lyric." Jace tapped me from behind.

I turned and fell into his arms, letting my tears run free. "I didn't do anything. I don't deserve this."

"Sshh. It's okay. It's fine." He cooed, stroking my hair. MARTA

Marta kept looking around as she met with Zarek a short distance from the temple.

"How can you come here? What if someone sees us?" She asked with a snarl, her eyes darting around.

"Well, that would be your problem, not mine. If you hadn'tignored my calls earlier, I wouldn't be here," Alpha Zarek gritted the words. He was pissed. "What happened? I told you I loved playing fair!"

Marta rolled her eyes. "Well, it was fair, wasn't it? She willingly followed you to the room."

"Yet, she kept moaning the name of another! She thought I was Jaris. Can you explain that?"

"Please, I'm really not in the mood for this. You got what you wanted. As for me, I'm the one at a loss here because they still got mated!"

Zarek roughly seized her wrist, making it hurt.

"What're you doing? Let me go!"

They were in the dark. No one could see them.

"You ruined my plans, you know that? I wanted her to fall for me. That was how I wanted to win the game!When you told me you could help, I thought you had something good up your sleeves. You told me you wouldn't use any of your grandmother's..."

"No. I told you I was only going to help you play fair. She willingly kissed you and went along with you.What game can be fairer than that?"

Zarek released her hand, but the rage in his eyes remained.

He felt deceived. The potion was meant to hypnotize and make her see the face of the man she loved. He was a bit surprised that Lyric loved Jaris that much.

"At least, tell me you slept with her. Give me something good to help with this mood," Marta said with pain in her eyes. "You're sick if you think l'd sleep with a woman while she's moaning the name of another."

"Ugh!" She grunted in frustration. "I hate this! I shouldn't have helped you if I had known, since you're so ungrateful." She stepped toward him, meeting his gaze with defiance. "This should be the last time you contact me. You and I, our business is over. Don't get me in trouble because, well, you'd be in trouble too."

She turned on her hell and walked away, fury bubbling within her core.

In the end, she failed. Lyric and Jaris still got mated. Her grandmother was going to kill her.
###Chapter 42
JARIS

I was on my sixth bottle.

It was infuriating because I hated drinking this much. I was always in control of how much alcohol I took into my system, but tonight, I wanted it all.

I stayed in my office for hours, replaying everything in my head. Drinking made me feel slightly better.

Nerion came in to remind me that it was too late and I probably should get some sleep.

Ugh. The good guy. It was in such situations that I missed Kael. He'd have drunk with me, knowing I needed the sensation.

Unfortunately, he was out, executing a task.

But Nerion was right. I was tired and could use some sleep.

I left the office for my room, and right there, on the bed was Marta.

She was wearing a red transparent night dress. I could see the small red bra she had on, and the small red pant. The dress was as good as useless because it was a see-through.

Her hair was stretched and packed to one side, a red color tinting her lips. Right there, she looked like a seductress.

"Fuck, Marta. What did I tell you?" My voice was less critical.

"I'm sorry," she said in a rather seducing tone as she slowly sat up, her both hands on the bed beside her waist. "I have been waiting for quite a while."

My head was a little woozy. All I wanted to do was get off this stupid suit and crash into the bed.

Facing my dresser, I took off my jacket and started undoing the buttons of my black shirt. Marta stood up. "I was worried and wanted to check on you." She walked toward me, taking slow, enticing steps. "I don't really know what happened, but l know you're not someone who acts out without a reason.I need you to know I'm here, and I'm sorry for what happened."

Her face came into view in the mirror. She was standing behind me, watching me.

I kept my eyes on her as I took off my tie, tossed it to the bed, then took off my unbuttoned shirt next.

"Everything will be fine," she added in hushed tones, placing her hand on my shoulder. My bare shoulder.

Angry desire flooded me.

Without hesitating, I spun and grabbed her, pulling her in and locking my lips on hers. She threw her arms around me, returning the kiss better than I was.

I turned us around so her back was against the dresser. My hand angrily fisted her hair.

I needed to take this out on someone.

Yet, as I held and kissed Marta, all I got were forbidden images in my head.

Wet hair. Unclothed body. Full breasts. Hot legs.

The memory sent a painful message to my cock.

Marta was not her. They were not the same.

With a hard shove,I peeled myself away from Marta. She was confused and hurt.

"Jaris..."

"Get out." I turned away from her, my head banging.

She came closer. "Is there..."

"I told you to leave!" I snarled at her, my iris flashing red.

Fuck.What the hell? That was my wolf, wanting her gone as well.

It was strange.

Marta recoiled in horror. But she didn't waste any further time. She hurriedly left the room.

I took a deep breath, holding onto the dresser for support.

Gaining a little composure, I pulled out the phone from my pocket and sat on the bed as I replayed the video.

She was there, holding and kissing Zarek.

She looked so horny. So desperate for him.

Anger and irritation flooded me.

I thought she was different. She had this beautiful smile, pretty face, and a smart mouth. And the way she cared for my kids. I didn't think someone like her would be so cheap.

Zarek's text was lying just below the video. 'Told you I could get her in a week. She's quite cheap-just like Chloe.

My anger returned in a greater fold. I groaned and thrashed the phone against the wall.

She made a mockery of me. In a way I'd never been mocked before! How dare she!?

I rubbed the heels of my palms against my eyes.

When I was calmer, I reached for the picture in my pocket and breathed in relief. Finally, something to keep me sane.

I ran my fingers along the surface of the picture. My heart ached, just as much as it calmed at the sight of her.

I never believed in love at first sight, until I met her.

"I wish you were here. It'd have made a lot of difference," I mumbled, staring wistfully at the image. LYRIC

For four days, I was indoors.

The only people I got to see were the maids who brought me my meals, and Xylon and Xyla who came to check on me.

They didn't know what was going on. They were just surprised that I hadn't come to see them the whole time.

I was too ashamed to go out, ashamed to face the people.

I imagined what the rumours would be:

"The Alpha left her standing at the altar until all the guests got tired and left."

"I think he almost changed his mind, which is the reason he must have arrived late."

"It's really sad. A lady as pretty as her almost being rejected."

However,by the fifth day, I was done feeling embarrassed and came out of my shell.

Today,I had something important to do.

I found something corporate to wear and kept my eyes low as I walked to my car.

I wanted to be strong enough to ignore what people thought about me, but it was difficult being in my shoes.Every eye felt judgy at this point.

I was so relieved when I got into my car, and was even more pleased that the windows were tinted. At least,they won't get to see me anymore.

Driving, I received a call from the manager of the garden Marta and I had used that night. It brought me more relief.

"Yes?" I put the call on handsfree.

"Good morning,Mrs.Dreadmoor. I'm calling in respect to your request. We've finally gotten the approval to give you the CCTV footage you requested."

My eyes widened in a relieved surprise. "Really?"

"Yes. And you were right. Someone else had entered into the garden that night."
###Chapter 43
A heavy lump formed in my throat.

"I'll just forward the footage to you."

"Okay. Thank you.So much."

The call ended.

I inhaled nervously.

While I was hurting, I couldn't shake off the feeling that something might've happened to me that night.Something I did not remember.

I eagerly waited for the footage, but the manager appeared to be slow, and until I reached my destination,the footage did not come.

I stared at the tall building in front of me.

Ugh. Was I making the right decision?

Yes.

Grabbing my bag and file, I stepped out of the car, into TCH.

The place was bright and busy.

Large,glass windows lined one wall, allowing natural light to flood the space. Colorful artwork adorned the walls, providing small bursts of warmth amid the clinical atmosphere.

The reception desk buzzed with activity as calls were answered and visitors were directed.

Sitting in the reception, I put a call through to the woman I was supposed to meet. I told her I was there, and in a few minutes, she joined me. When I told father about my plan, he gave me her contact, saying she was an old friend and would link me up.

"Good morning, ma'am." I greeted her as I stood with my bag.

"Lyric, dear. How're you doing?"

"I'm fine."

She accessed me. "The name is Helen. Congratulations, on becoming the Luna of Darkspire."

I bit my lip as I lowered my eyes.

What I should be getting was sympathy, not congrats.

She led into the elevator where we went up to the fourth floor.

"Your father tells me you're quite good at what you do" Helen said as we walked down the corridor.

"Yes. And I love helping people." I was a little distracted by the glimpse of sick people I saw through the windows.

"Then, I believe you'll be of great help here." We stopped in front of a door. "She is the head of this department. I already told her you were coming and put in a good word for you. Don't worry, I'm sure you'll get this." She winked at me.

Knocking once on the door, she' opened the door to a familiar face behind the desk. I froze for a moment as l locked eyes with Marta.

Huh? She was the head of this department?

"Hello,Marta. She's the lady I told you about," Helen introduced, stepping into the room ahead of me.

"Oh." Marta seemed surprised. Then displeased.

Forcing my legs to move, I made my way into the office, my fingers fiddling with the strap of my bag.

Helen winked at me and left. "Lyric." Marta's voice held no warmth. "Take a seat."

I did.

Glancing at her, a bitter memory from that night resurfaced, reopening healing wounds.

Four nights ago, on the night Jaris and I had mated, I hadI been heading to his room to see if I could get an answer from him. Then, I found Marta leaving.

She was wearing a red revealing dress, trying to straighten her ruffled hair. I didn't need anyone to tell me those lips had been kissed. And when saw me, she had worn a triumphant smile.

I was beyond wounded. I couldn't believe that Jaris had slept with her on a night like that. I understood that we were not supposed to have any form of romance, but how could he disrespect our bond like that?

"You want to work here?" Marta asked, pulling me out of my painful trance.

I swallowed the lump in my throat, forcing my composure on. "Yes."

"Why?"

I scoffed. "What do you mean 'why?' Why do doctors work here?"

Her expression turned rigid. "I am interviewing you, Lyric. So, I'd suggest you watch your words."

Right. I suppressed the urge to roll my eyes. "I want to work here because I want to help people, as much as I can."

Her gaze lingered on me before she lowered them to my file. She frowned. "You haven't worked in a hospital before?"

The question made me a little edgy. "Um....I have. I just... I didn't get to have it on my resume."

"Why's that? Were you kicked out or what?"

I didn't give an answer.

"Where was this?"

 Oh, no. I couldn't answer that. Nobody could ever know where it was or what I had done there.

"I'm sorry, I can't answer that." I lowered my eyes to my legs.

I didn't need to look up at her to know she was displeased.

"Well, I guess I'm also sorry," she closed my file, sliding it to me. "But we don't accept amateurs here in TCh.So,I can't accept you."
###Chapter 44
LYRIC

"How can you even say that?" I scoffed with disbelief. "I've been treating your son. You've seen how good I am."

"I've seen you perform little tricks and don't even know the source of your knowledge."

"Little tricks? I've done things you or no one else has been able to do in years. You can't just make a mockery of that."

Her eyes turned colder. "I told you no! These are the standards of TCH. It's not like I put them in place. So,why don't you take that and leave?"

My hands balled into fists. How could I be rejected so easily?

Marta was nothing like the woman that had called me to the garden and spoke 'peace'. Now, she acted as if that night never happened.

"I was hoping you'd give me a try, at least." I pressed. "It's unreasonable to just dismiss me without seeing my potential. And you of all people know my potential. You know what I can do."

She rolled her eyes and picked up another file. "For acquaintance's sake, don't tell me l'Il have to throw you out of here."

Suddenly, the door swung open, revealing an anxious nurse. "Ma'am, we have an emergency!"

I followed Marta and the nurse out of the office.

"It's the only son of a beta. He was involved in an accident where a vital organ was affected. He doesn't have a wolf yet, so we're afraid we might lose him," the nurse briefed Marta as they hurried to the emergency ward.

I went there with them, and my heart shattered at the sight before me. His throat was torn open, making him struggle for air.

He also had big open wounds on his stomach and other parts of his body. The boy was wailing and writhing on the bed, and I didn't want to imagine how painful it must be for him.

Marta rushed in and joined the others that had been holding him down.

"Get me a saline IV and prepare for immediate intubation!" She demanded.

That familiar feeling hit me. Instantly, I knew the quickest solution to his problem.

I went into the ward to meet Marta. "Create a hole by the side of his neck and put a tube to secure it."

She glared at me while keeping her hands busy. "What're you saying!? That's a-dangerous spot. He'll die immediately!"

"No. Trust me. Just do it! Or... Or at least, let me touch him." I felt if I could do it myself, it'd go a long way in making him better.

Marta ignored me.

Damn it.

"Just do it! He's dying!"

"Shut up and get out, Lyric! I know what I'm doing!" She snarled at me.

Anger surged through my veins in an instant.

"I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave, ma'am. This is restricted to only staff,"a nurse walked up to me and said.

I glared hard at Marta who was no longer staring at me, then stormed out of the ward. But I remained there by the door, watching, my blood seething.

Why was she so stubborn? That was the only thing that would help the boy. I could see it.

They all worked hard, giving him the IV and all. But it wasn't helping. And a few minutes later, the boy stopped writhing. He stopped crying.

He was dead.

A bomb went off in my bed, shattering the remnants of my heart, and I couldn't stop the tears that rolled down.

Marta tried using an AED to revive him, but it was as useless as her earlier attempts.

Their faces were filled with sorrow as they covered him up with a linen.

"Time of death. Eleven a.m," Marta announced.

There was another doctor coming beside me. I didn't even spare her a glance as I stormed into the ward.

"I told you to make that hole. You could've saved him!" I yelled.

"Oh, please shut up. Creating that good would've been deadlier. Stop trying to act like the savior all the time." She snapped back.

Oh,damn it.I wanted to hit her in the face.

"You're just selfish! And egoistic! Admit it, Marta! You didn't want anyone else seeing what I can do. You put your selfish interest above that little boy's life when you could've healed him!"

"Have you lost your mind? I am the head of this department. That has only happened because I'm quite good with my job."

"Well,obviously, you're not that experienced. Tell me, how many lives have you lost in the past month?"

She looked past me, like she was staring at someone, and I could see her fighting her fury.

"You're not perfect! It doesn't hurt to get a little help sometimes," I added angrily.

I heard the footsteps of someone entering the room and spun around to see an elderly woman before us,wearing a lab coat.

She accessed me. "Who are you?" She shifted her gaze to Marta, then the boy at the bed.

"How're you so certain that the tube in his hole would ve saved him?" She asked me.

That was the problem. i couldn't explain how I knew. "l just know.

"Hm." She gave me a head to toe stare""And what're you doing here exactly?"

I handed my file to her. "I came to apply to be a doctor here. But Marta was just kicking me out before the incident."

The woman looked at Marta with surprise in her eyes while holding my file. "You were dismissing an applicant without bringing her to me?"

I watched Marta's face pale. "She....she doesn't have any experience. I thought it'd be a waste of time."

"I thought we've already established the fact that every applicant must go through me, whether accepted or rejected. Your only job is to do the first assessment, Ms Monroe. You have no right to just dismiss people without my knowledge."

Marta dropped her gaze to the floor, shame coloring her cheeks. I felt a little calm as Marta got scolded.Hm.Whoever this woman was, she must have some real power in the place. She must be Marta's superior.

The woman lowered her angry eyes to my file and went through it. It took some seconds, then she handed it back.

"You'll get a call in a couple of days. I'll see what we can do with you."

I dipped my head. "Thank you so much, ma'am."

She glared at Marta once more before walking away.

"Good thing there are people with brains in this place," I mumbled to the hearing of Marta.

I caught herglare and glared back at her before leaving.
The death of the little boy still stung. It could've been avoided.Marta was a real bitch
I drove at an infuriating speed until I got to Darkspire. I was still in the car when I checked my email and discovered the garden manager had sent the footage. I was a little nervous as I clicked play, and the video came into view.

The camera was only at the entrance to the garden. So I couldn't see what happened in there.

But it showed the moment Marta entered, followed by me, minutes later.

A while later, Marta left. And to my astonishment, Alpha Zarek went in.

What the heck?

I replayed the video to make sure my eyes weren't deceiving me. Marta must have left when I was already asleep on the table. So, what was Alpha Zarek doing there!?

###Chapter 45 
JARIS

Today was the most important day in our world. And I wasn't going to miss out on it.

I walked into the Silver Citadel and found the Alphas, thechairman and other representatives gathered as expected. Everything was getting set, and they were all very shocked to see me. That, also expected.

"Alpha Jaris. What're you doing here?" One of the representatives asked. Although, I could see the hope in his eyes.

"What does it look like, Adan? I am here to participate." I shrugged.

Today was the registration for the Alphas seeking to contend for the King's Throne.

"What are you talking about? I thought you were not interested?" One of the Alphas asked.

Their fear was so obvious. They already knew they didn't stand a chance against someone like me.

Well, initially, I had no interest in participating. But not anymore.

I pinned Zarek with a stare as I replied to the other Alpha. "I changed my mind. I just realized having this power would be awNesome."

I'd be dead before I'd sit back and watch Zarek win the throne. I wanted it all.

I could tell he was displeased, despite how much he tried to hide it. Well, he should be. He was nothing now.

"Well, we are glad to have you here," One of the representatives said with a bright smile.

We commenced the process. Our bloods were taken and we were made to swear an oath. This was to prevent us from causing a fight and shedding blood during and after the process. We are all expected to embrace our wins or losses.

"Congratulations, gentlemen. And welcome to this great phase," the chairman declared. There were to be three trials in total. A date for the first trial was announced, which was two weeks from now.

After a few more announcements and cautions, we were done and free to go.

As expected, Zarek walked up to me as I headed for my car.

"Are you doing this because your girl threw herself at me?" It didn't miss the pain in his voice.

I made a mental note to give him the satisfaction of losing my own temper.

"I'm actually here to make sure you don't win. But I guess you have multiple options. You can pick any of your choice," I answered without looking at him.

"Come on, Jaris! You already said you weren't interested! Why don't you just step back and let this go?"

I stopped in front of my car where Kael already held the front door open. I turned to Zarek. "Why are you so afraid? It looks like you're so certain that you stand no chance against me." I nodded. "It's good to know.Didn't think you were this smart."

I turned to enter into my car, but the asshole had the guts to hold my hand.

"Stop this, Jar-" he didn't get to finish his sick statement as I punched him hard in the jaw.

He stumbled back, his hand flying to his face. One more move and I'd have sent my claws into his heart without regret.

Glaring at him, I entered into my car and left.

****+****+


LYRIC

I kept checking the time. I couldn't wait for Marta to get home and provide me with some answers. For her shake, I hope she had something to say concerning Zarek coming into the garden shortly after she left,while I was still asleep.

When I knew the kids would be back from school, I headed to their room to check on Xylon. He told me he felt fine and even hungry. That was good news. His nanny brought him some food and I watched them eat.

"Aunty, we have something for you." Xyla said, by the time they finished eating.

"Ooh. You've got me curious. What's that?"

She and Xylon exchanged a glance and giggled before they ran into their closet. What were they-

I gasped when I saw them coming out with a present! For the love of Selene!

"Did you get me a gift!?" I asked, completely astonished.

They nodded with their cheeks turning crimson.

"Oh,dearests.How very cute of you. You shouldn't have bothered!" I tookit from them.

"We just wanted to congratulate you for getting mated to daddy." Xyla said while Xylon nodded with a smile.

My heart sank, my spirits turning sour. I tried to hide it from the kids.

"This is so... thoughtful. Thank you. So much."

We all sat on the bed as I unwrapped the package. It came as an even bigger shock when I realized it was a set of jewelries-necklace, earrings and a bracelet.

What in hell?

"How did you get the money for this?"

The kids looked at me like I'd asked a weird question.

"We get a lot of allowance, Aunty." Xyla rolled her eyes.

Oh.What an attitude.

I laughed.

Xylon took his tab and scribbled down on it. "There's a mall in our school. Xyla and I saw this and decided to get it for you."

Hm.I playfully pulled his chin. "I am so touched. Thank you. So so much."

"Do you like them?" Xyla asked.

"What're you saying? I adore them! They're the best things I own right now."

I hugged them.

The door opened, revealing the devil in a brown dress. I forced myself not to roll my eyes as I closed up the box in my hand.

"What's going on here?" Marta asked, her eyes on my gift.

"Nothing. The kids were just being sweet."

She looked at the wrap on the floor. "Did you bring a gift to them or what?"

"It's the opposite. They were just congratulating me."

I noticed a dark glint in her eyes as she looked at Xylon and Xyla.

"It's a good thing you're back, Marta. I've been waiting for you." I stood up. "We need to talk."

Without arguing-fortunately-she followed me out of the room.

"Why did Alpha Zarek come into the garden shortly after you left?" I crossed my arms.

She scoffed, giving me a ridiculous look. "And how am I supposed to know that? Like you said, 'after I left.'Don't you think you're asking the wrong person?"

"Well, I don't know why, but I feel there's something off about that night. Now that I think of it, it's very strange that you'd call me over to discuss the safety of your kids."

"Hold on. You're trying to say me calling you to discuss my kids' well-being is trash?" She huffed. "Well, you don't have a child, obviously. Otherwise, you'd have known how important it is to take such matters seriously." Her words ran a deep wound. They cut me so bad I thought I was bleeding for real.

My eyes turned deadlier as I stepped up to her.

"For your sake, I do hope you're telling the truth, Marta. Because, believe me, it won't be funny if I get to know you lied to me and did something stupid that night."

She met my stare with defiance, but I could see the tiny crack in her expression.
###Chapter 46
LYRIC



There was a party tonight.



One of the top ranking Alphas was celebrating his birthday. It was going to be a mega party and of course, very fun. But for the past few days, since the news of it circulated, I'd been trying to push it behind me.



Until Jace and I were on a phone call this evening and he had to remind me of it.



"What're you wearing to the party? You need to dress to kill. It's a game of who looks the finest, Lyric." He gleamed.



Yeah, I know. This was one reason I never attended such parties years back. The pressure was often too much,and well, with the scar on my face, I never truly fit in.



"I don't think I'm going." I lowered my eyes as my countenance dropped.



"What?Why?"


When I said nothing, he realized. "Shit. Jaris hasn't asked you yet, has he?"


According to our contract, I was supposed to accompany him to such events. But considering the fact that we haven't spoken to each other since we got mated, I wasn't so sure anymore. Although, I'd have really loved to go with him.



"It doesn't matter. You can still come on your own,Ly.I can come get you if you want," Jace suggested but I shook my head.


I just felt it'd be weird if I had to show up to such an event without my new mate. And I was almost sure Jaris would be going. Wouldn't it be wrong if we went separately?



Jace spent the remaining minutes of our call trying to talk me into going alone. But in the end,I refused.


When the call ended, I made my way to my closet and smiled wistfully as I stared at the fine green dress standing in the middle of the room. I felt a pang of sadness as I ran my finger through the rich stoned fabric.



I'd gotten it on the day I was buying my ceremonial dress. I'd hoped to wear it on my first official outing with Jaris, just like tonight. I wanted to make a good impression by his side.



But apparently, it was useless. *****+****+


JARIS



It took me hours to get back to Darkspire.


Despite what I'd achieved today, despite knowing that Zarek had lost his chance at winning, I was far from satisfied.



I made my way to my room to have a cold shower.


My hands against the wall, I felt that familiar sense of unease I'd been feeling for the past one week. It traveled all the way to my cock.


I shut my eyes and tried to resist it. I tried to push the memory into a dark corner of my mind. But no matter how hard I tried, it kept coming back like a storm.



I was frustrated.


Yet, in the end, I had no choice but to give in to the demand. My hand rose to my erection, jerking at the image of a certain woman, wet and naked. A woman l should have no business thinking about. A woman l hated that I was thinking about.


It made me angry as much as it brought me pleasure.And in a few minutes, I came done in my hand,my release dropping to the floor. I'll admit-the feeling was always euphoric. The best kind of feeling.


But after I climbed down from my high, the weight of my actions dawned on me-like always. I suddenly hated myself for being hard and coming to the mere erotic image of someone that had betrayed me.


What was even more infuriating? I wanted more.



It was the fourth time I was cuming to her image in the bathroom, and each time, it left me wanting more.Wanting more than the pleasure my hands provided.


I detested it, but my will seemed to be useless against the matter.



Who the hell was this witch?



Angrily I finished my shower and returned to the room to get dressed.



I was pissed now and couldn't even sleep. So, I thought of distracting myself with some letters and documents in my home office.



I was deep into it when someone knocked,sparking my irritation for distracting me.


"Who's it?" I rasped.


The door opened slowly, followed by the face of the one woman I didn't want to lay eyes on right now.


What the hell?



My fingers tightened around my pen as I did all I could to keep my anger at bay.


She walked in, wearing a black short that stopped above her knee, and a mesh top on it.


Her hair was up in a tight ponytail, her lips colored with a nude lipstick.


She looked simple yet undeniably alluring.


I lowered my eyes to the papers in front of me,refusing to acknowledge that thought.


"What're you doing here?" The words came out clipped.




I could tell she was nervous. And her eyes looked sad.


"Um.... Good evening, Alpha Jaris." I didn't miss the tremor in her voice.



Why was she so afraid? She'd never been afraid to disobey me. She wasn't afraid when she slept with Zarek.



| lifted my eyes to her, starting from her legs. imagined Zarek running his dirty hands up those legs. I imagined him touching what he was never supposed to touch.



She had kissed him so passionately in the video. The video was muted, but I had seen her lips moving They'd been talking. I didn't want to imagine the filthy words she must've been saying to him.


I thought she could be different. I thought she was decent. But she was cheap. Disappointingly so.


"What do you want, Lyric?" I needed her to leave as soon as possible.


The hostility in my voice must affect her,because l could see the slight recoil.


"I um... I just wanted to ask about the party. Alpha Rhys' party. From the contract, you mentioned me accompanying me to such events. But you haven't said anything. So..."


While she went on speaking, I kept trying to picture what stupid hold she had over me. Why couldn't I get her out of my head?



And even now, the reason I desperately wanted her gone was because she was distracting me.Hearing her speak, all I wanted to do was haul her to the wall,rip off her clothes and fuck her.



But I shouldn't want that. I hated this woman for what she did to me. I shouldn't desire her this way. So,what was this stupid pull that kept drawing me to her?
###Chapter 47

JARIS



"I'm going with Marta," I supplied when she was done,returning my attention to the files in front of me.


She must be surprised because she was speechless for some time.



I didn't care. I just continued ticking and writing on my files.



"O... Okay," she said at last, clearing her throat.


But for a moment longer, she stood there, as if waiting for me to say something else. But I didn't even look at her.



As usual, that stupid pull was imploring me to take a look and say something, but I won over it. I didn't.


And shortly after, she opened the door and left







LYRIC



pain knifed me in the chest as I watched Jaris and Marta go into their waiting car, leaving for the party. Marta was wearing a long blue dress, looking so beautiful. For a moment there, I wondered if she was prettier than me. Maybe that was the reason Jaris preferred her company to mine.


Was I still ugly in somne way? Do l embarrass him?


My vision soon became blurry with the tears that filled my eyes, and when their car drove out of the gate,the tears fell.


I drew the curtains and turned around. Standing before the mirror, I wiped my tears.


This was it. I was done allowing myself to get hurt.I made a promise to myself three years ago that I'd never let anyone hurt me again. I didn't know what Jaris' problem was, but I was tired of being wounded by him.


****十＊＊＊＊＋



JARIS



One of the reasons I hated taking Marta as my plus-one to parties was as a result of how clingy she could be.



She kept her arm wrapped around mine, wearing her big stage smile as we walked into the party. As expected, it was filled with important guests. AndI didn't miss the pause in the atmosphere when they laid eyes on me.



"Jaris!" The celebrant-Rhys-called as he came toward me with a wide grin.


He tapped me on the shoulder. "I'm glad you made it."


"I didn't have a choice. Happy birthday, Rhys."



He laughed to my response.


Well,since I was aiming for the Alpha King's Throne,I needed to do well with public functions andproving to the other Alphas that I could be there for them. It was a shitty demand, but a necessary one.


Anyway, Rhys was the closest thing I had to a friend.We've known each other since childhood, went to the same school and all. He likes to brag about the fact that we're close, but I wouldn't really say I had any friends. I grew used to people avoiding me and shut my heart to those who truly wanted to be close.


"Marta." He nodded at her.



"Hi, Rhys. Happy birthday."


"Oh.Forget about the birthday. I just needed a reason to spend money." He shrugged while Marta laughed. 

Rhys glanced behind me.


"You didn't come with..."



"I believe you're not blind. I didn't." I snapped.


"Hm. It's been less than a week and things are already this bad between you two? What happened, anyway?I heard you showed up quite late to the mating ceremony. A lot of guests had already left, thinking you wouldn't come."



I glared at him. "Are we here for your party or mine?"


He laughed.



A waiter stopped by, placing two glasses of wine on the table before me.



Rhys left to attend to other guests. But well, I didn't need to go to the guests. They came to me.


One good thing about gaining power.







About an hour later, Rhys returned to my side, bringing up side talks about Packs and Alphas at war.


"Isn't that... your mate?" He suddenly asked mid-sentence, looking at the door. I turned along with everyone and found Lyric making her way in. I frowned. She came alone?



"Damn, she looks gorgeous, Jar."



My balls tightened at the realization. She did look gorgeous.Her dress was stunning and her face was..well,always pretty.



The thought unnerved me.



She walked into the place like a boss, radiating a certain kind of confidence that commanded attention and turned heads.



She didn't look intimidated that she was entering such a place alone. Usually, Rhys' party was strictly by invitation. But the men at the gates must have let her through when they realized she was my mate.



"To be honest," Rhys leaned in. "I'd have preferred someone like her standing by my side over Marta." He lifted his hands. "Just saying."


Marta was no longer by my side, having gone to meet up with some friends.



I didn't give a response to that.


Though I didn't want to, I kept my eyes on Lyric as she made her way to the counter and ordered a drink.I wasn't the only one staring nonstop at her.Every man in the room was.



"We'll be dancing soon," Rhys said. "I'd like to dance with her if you don't mind."



"Whatever," I mumbled, emptying the last content of my glass into my mouth.



"Oh. You don't mind? Thanks, man." He clapped me on the shoulder and took some steps forward



"I'll break your bones if you go to her." I reached for another glass of wine.



He stopped walking and laughed. "And here I was,thinking you didn't care. Well, you better go ask her to the dance, then. This place is filled with men who wouldn't want a pretty lady like her dancing alone."



Fucking no.I couldn't lay my hands on her.


Rhys winked at me and left.
###Chapter 48 

LYRIC


I didn't know where Jaris was in this huge hall. And I didn't want to.



I knew the party would be fun. And since he wouldn't come with me, I decided to come alone.


Unfortunately, Jace got very busy and couldn't make it. But I didn't let even that stop me.



I knew the attention I garnered from the guests.Tonight, I really wanted to have fun.



"Hi."



I turned around to find two smiling ladies before me


"Hi." I furrowed my brows but wvaved.


They didn't look familiar. Although, they were richly dressed,letting me know they were important figures.



One was light skinned and the other dark. But they were both very beautiful.



"You're Lyric, right?" The lighter one asked. "Yes?"



"I'm Juan. And this is..."



"Becky. I can introduce myself, J." The dark one rolled her eyes.


"So, we've had our eyes on you for some time now."Juan said.



"I mean,you're pretty."



"And Jaris' mate."



I chuckled. I liked the way they spoke.



"Actually, I'm Rhys' mate," Juan said.


Oh.



"Nice meeting you." I extended my hand, and they gladly took it.


They joined me at the counter, and just like that, we got talking like we had known each other for weeks.


"Tell me, what is it like being mated to Jaris? Is he a bit romantic?" Becky asked, unsettling me.



I shrugged. "Can't really say."


"Yeah. Sorry if you feel bothered. It's just that... we didn't think Jaris would have a mate. Of course,he needed a Luna as an Alpha, but we didn't think he had it in him to be even a bit loving."



"You don't need to love someone to make them your mate, Beck." Juan nudged her. "Are you forgetting that most Lunas suffer a loveless union with the Alphas?"



Mine was worse than lovelessness. He hated me. And he was only going to use me for a year.


The MC suddenly climbed the stage, announcing the dance.



"Oops. Time to leave you ladies alone. I need to go dance with my birthday boy." Juan winked at us and left.



"| guess someone like me would have to wait for a Prince charming to approach me." Becky made a pout."Um... don't you think you should be dancing with Alpha Jaris? Although, he did come with Marta."


"We're not dancing," I took a sip from my glass.


Couples were already filling the dance floor.



"Hi." A young man walked up to me.

 
I didn't know his name, but I knew he was an Alpha. He held out his hand. "Can I have this dance?"



My breath froze for a moment. I wasn't sure Jaris would like this.



'Jaris is here with Marta!'



'And you're here to have fun.'



Yes.Fun.



Smiling, I took the Alpha's hand, and he took me to the stage.



Unchained Melody by The Righteous Brothers hit the stage, and together, we danced according to the rhythm.



I kept scouring my eyes around the stage, looking for him and the woman he choose over me. But | couldn't find them. Shouldn't they be dancing?


"You're quite beautiful, Lyric," my dance partner whispered in my ear.



"Thanks."



"I hear you're Jaris' mate."



I stiffen.Geez! It felt like everyone knew me already as his mate. How sad. "He's a lucky man, I must say. If I had met you before him, I'd have fought tooth and nail to get you by my side." He chuckled, trying to make it sound like a joke.



Only I knew he wasn't joking.



"You don't have a mate?" I raised a brow.



"Well, I do. But with a face like yours, I'd reject her in the twinkle of an eye." He laughed again. But this time,it wasn't funny. I detest men like him. Men like Roderick.



I was about pulling away from his grasp when Jaris-shockingly-appeared beside us.


I startled, taking a moment to regain my calm.



"Alpha Jaris." My partner stopped moving with me.



The dance was still ongoing, and it was awkward that the three of us just stood there, unmoving.



"With me, Lyric. Now." He spoke in that tone that usually brooked no room for argument. That tone that told me he was pissed.



I excused myself from the Alpha and went after him.



I followed Jaris out, into the cold night air.



"What're you doing, Lyric?" He stopped as soon as we were far from the noise.



I looked around before lifting my hands up and down."I don't think I follow."



"You being here." He slipped one hand into his pocket.I could tell he was fighting to keep his cool."You dancing with the men and-"



"Sorry, am I also not allowed to come to parties myself when you wouldn't wanna go with me? Does my life revolve around you now?"



He stepped toward me. "You don't interrupt me when I'm talking,Lyric. Never."



I balled my hands into fists.


Taking a deep breath, I forced my voice to sound as clear as possible. "I'd like to go back to the party if you don't mind."


I turned around to leave.



"Damn it, Lyric! Don't make me do something crazy!"He snapped, turning me back to him.



"What exactly do you want from me!?"



"You're my Luna now! Almost everyone knows this.And while I don't want to give a shit about what you do with your time, I can't have you bring more shame to my name."


More shame? What was he talking about?



"Right now, I'd rather you go home. But if you choose to stay, then you must make sure you're not even a hundred feet close to any man."


My eyes turned glossy as I gave him that ridiculous stare.



"What makes you think it's cool that you get to set the rules!?" I half-yelled. "Just incase you have no idea, Alpha Jaris, it is utterly tiring that I get to be treated like trash while you get away with so many things."



"You think you're being treated like trash..."


"Yes!" I cut him off. Oh, to hell with the rules! "First,you show up late to our mating ceremony and act like I was a slave who was being forced on you. You didn't even give me an explanation. Instead, you slept wvith Marta that night. You slept with another woman!


"I understand...I understand that it's all a contract and we have no business in each other's lives. But it was our first night being mated. Did you have to do that!?"Tears streaked my cheeks. "Be so mean? You get to break the rules while I get treated like trash. Why don't we both live fairly, huh? Why don't you let me live freely, as much as you do? Why don't you free me from these chains!?"



I dabbed my tears. "I didn't deserve what you did to me. It was more than a betrayal, Alpha. You fucking hurt me!"


"Jaris?" Someone called behind me. I noticed his gaze also shift.


When I turned, Marta was there, looking concerned.


I wiped my face as I turned back to Jaris. "Your date is here. Why don't you go back to her while I find something else to do with my life."


It was a bit stunning-his silence. But I didn't bring myself to care.


I just walked away from them both, heading to my car.


Gods, I hated my life. I hated ever coming back home.And I hated ever listening to my father and going to Darkspire.







JARIS



I was pissed. Throughout the remaining hours of the party, I only kept myself busy with drinks.


Lyric's words replayed in my head. She thought she had the right to be angry? After everything?


And oh, she even thought I slept with Marta that night.I was tempted to laugh at her at that point.


Obviously, it hurt her. And I liked it. At least, she got a taste of what she made me go through that night.


I'd been compelled to confront her about what she did,but ifI did, things would get really bad between us.She probably thinks I don't know what she did. She thinks her secret is safe with Zarek. If I bring it up and we talk about it; I watch her cry and apologize, I'll never be able to look her in the face again.


The only reason I'm still able to tolerate her sometimes is because she hasn't confessed to it herself.



I didn't wait for the party to end before I desired to go home. I left with my people and didn't say a word the entire ride, not even when Marta had tried to strike a lake conversation.



I headed to my bathroom, taking a quick shower and ignoring the bulge in my pants.



I changed into my nightwear and decided to check for updates on my laptop. Turned out there were some rogue attacks an hour ago, though it was far from Darkspire. I was checking for more updates when Nerion knocked.





"Boss." He entered. He always preferred calling me boss to Alpha. "Thought you'd like to know that Lyric is not back yet."
###Chapter 49
JARIS



I snapped my head up from my laptop to his face."What're you talking about?" I glanced at the time."It's eleven." And she left the party a long time ago.I thought she was heading home.


"Have you tried calling her?" I picked up my phone


"Yes. She isn't answering. I've dropped her multiple texts too. No response."



What the hell?



I tried calling her with my phone but got the same feedback.



"Let her be. I'm sure she's just being silly." I dismissed Nerion.



But by one a.m, she still wasn't back and now, I was fucking pissed.


Where the fuck was she!? Had she gone to meet Zarek or another secret lover of hers?



Kael and Nerion called her father and even her male friend, but none of them knew where she was. My mind suddenly drifted to the rogue attack. The news mentioned some victims. But it didn't happen close to Darkspire.



What if she was in the area when it happened?



Fuck.



I stormed toward the car.



"Where are we going?" Nerion asked, already fishing the car key from his pocket.


"Where the rogue attack happened."



I held out to my hand to him when we got to the car."I'm driving."



He looked uncertain but ended up passing the keys to me.



In less than a mninute, myself, Nerion and Kael were on the road with me driving at a crazy speed.


It took us forty-five minutes to reach the location.Some wolf guards had already taken care of the scene with a few of them still lingering around.


They looked at me with surprise when they saw me."Alpha Jaris."


"I need to see the victims." I cut them off.I wasn't here for the unnecessary pleasantries.


He pointed to the back of a truck for me and without hesitating, I rushed over. There were three covered bodies. I uncovered them and checked out their faces.Two males. One female.



"She's not here," Nerion said behind me.



Yes. She's not.



I couldn't believe the amount of relief that crushed me.





I walked away from the bodies, took out my phone and called Rhys.



"Hey,man..."



"Lyric didn't happen to come back to your party after I left, did she?" | cut him off.



"Jaris, the party's over."



And down went my last ball of hope.



"But she's here. In my home." Rhys added, surprising me.



It sounded like I'd just been told that I was born a woman.



"What're you talking about?" I scoffed, my face crumpling in confusion.


"Apparently, my mate and her sister befriended her at the party. Juan is hosting this mini girls-only after party, and she invited Lyric. So, they're all here,having the fun of their lives."



No way. I was worried sick, and the whole time, Lyric was somewhere partying?


I ended the call, angrily storming into the car with Kael and Nerion. It was a good thing they were with me, because there was no telling what I'd do when I finally laid eyes on Lyric Harper. Or Dreadmoor.Whichever it was.



It took me another forty-five minutes to get to Rhys ' Pack. Heck, I should be sleeping right now,considering the fact that I have a very busy day tomorrow.



Rhys must already be expecting me,because l met him outside when we reached.



"You shouldn't have bothered, Jaris. She's fine." He tried to calm the situation.



"Take me to her, Rhys. Now."



He led the way, taking me into the house and to the second balcony where I could see the pool area below. They were there, about twenty ladies, drinking,dancing, laughing and having fun. I felt the speakers were a bit too loud, and it grated on my nerves. Or maybe it was just me being easily irritated.



Right in the middle of it, on the center stage they'd created,Lyric stood tall, dancing and shaking her wet hair around.



Wet hair. Wet body.


No. I pushed the memory back.


She had changed from the green dress she wore to a free knee-length gown. Where the hell did she get that from?



She had a microphone and was singing along with the song coming through the speakers. She sounded horrific-which wasn't a surprise, considering how drunk she was. But she looked happy. So so happy. I'd never seen Lyric that way before.



She belched into the mic and laughed out loud, her partners in crime joining her in the laughter.


"Go,girl!" Someone clapped.



She walked around the fake stage, shaking her head,throwing her arms around like a celebrity performing in front of a large crowd. She even bent down at some point to shake the hands of her audience.



Rhys chuckled beside me. "She's quite fun. Been entertained for a while now."



I shot a dagger at him through my eyes before returning my gaze to Lyric.


Suddenly,I realized my rage toward her was gone. At least, she wasn't dancing with a man. And she looked so happy.


But fun time was over.



"I'm taking her home." I turned to leave. Rhys grabbed my wrist.



"Seriously, Jar!? I told you it's strictly girls-only. Juan will have my head if I let you walk in there."



"Then, find a way to bring her out, Rhys. 'Cause I swear,I'll do it myself if you don't."


Rhys looked frustrated. Well, his business. I was exhausted and wanted to go home, and the gods of the Moon knew there was no way I was leaving Lyric behind.



Grumbling something under his breath, Rhys stared downstairs, and I followed him. I waited by my car while he proceeded to the pool area. Few minutes later, he was out with a very drunk Lyric and a furious Juan behind him.



What the hell was his bitch doing here?


"Seriously, Jaris? You're being so unreasonable. The party was supposed to last until morning," Juan grouse as Rhys handed my package to me.


"I'm sure Lyric is neither the host nor the celebrant. Go have fun with the rest of the girls." I opened the back door and shoved Lyric into the seat, throwing her purse next.


Then, I started walking around to the other side of the car. "You're being so mean to her, yet you wouldn't even let her have fun."



What?



"Hey, babe. That's okay." Rhys held her hand.



His woman must be drunk. Because Juan wouldn't have the guts to talk back at me on a normal day.



And how was Lyric already spilling things about us to people she just met?



"She's a fine woman, Jaris! If you don't want he, let her go. I'm sure there are a million men out there who would die to have her!" Juan half-yelleld as I opened the backdoor. 
Yup.Definitely drunk.



"Put a chain on her, Rhys. Or better still, on that mouth." I glared at Rhys before lowering into the backseat.



Drunk Lyric poked her head out the window. "Don't worry, Juan! We won't be together for long!" She waved at her newfound friend while smiling sheepishly.


There was a sudden ache in my heart. I looked at Lyric and felt my anger build toward her.



Roughly, I pulled her into the car and rolled up the glass.



Nerion took the driver seat while Kael sat next to him.Then we hit the road.



Lyric kept mumbling and humming incoherent words.But what got to me the most was the fact that she was very wet and drenching my seat.


Wet. In this casual ddress.


Against my will, my eyes found her chest. I could see the outline of her black foam-less bra. I'd been able to spot her panties when Rhys was bringing her to me.And to think Rhys had likely seen that as well.


I forced my eyes away, pushing thoughts of Lyric out of my mind.



She giggled and suddenly did something insane. She rested her head on my shoulder. Her wet hair on my shoulder.



"Ugh. You shouldn't have come." She grunted. "Fun.Having fun. Without you."



When I looked into her face, her eyes were closed.But there was a smile on her face. Was she really unhappy around me? Around Darkspire? She now preferred the company of others?


'She's done worse to you, Jaris,' my subconscious scolded me. 'She deserves to be unhappy.'
###Chapter 50

 LYRIC



I woke up with a terrible hangover.


My head ached terribly. The first thing I did was soak myself into the Jacuzzi.


It wasn't until I was a little calm that I recalled all that had happened the previous night. When I did, fury pulsed in my bloodstream.


Jaris.



As usual, he was there and ruined my night. Dragged me away when I was having the fun of my life.For the first time since I met him, I felt genuinely happy.


Done bathing, I checked my email and nearly screamed in excitement wvhen I found one from TCH,asking me to come over by ten.



I checked the time. It was past nine.



Shit.



As fast as lightening, I fished for what to wear-black corporate pants with a red top-hastily brushed my hair, packed it into a ponytail and applied a red lipstick. Hm. The red lipstick looked really good on me today.


Perfect.



I grabbed my bag and file and hurried out of the room.


Finally, some good news. I'd be beyond grateful if I could get this job. At least, it'd keep me busy and keep my mind off some depressing thoughts.


I fished for my car keys in my bag as I hurried down the passage. I noticed someone coming before me-someone with a familiar scent.



Lifting my head, I found 'him' coming.



Jaris.



Nerion was beside him, seemingly giving him a report.


My heart skipped a beat as our eyes locked. I had that familiar mix of hurt and confusion flood me.



Time seemed too slow, but we didn't stop walking.And as we got close, I noticed his eyes linger on my lips.



I furrowed my brows, wondering why the hell he was staring at my lips.


I dip my head to him as we walked past each other.There was a great sense of unease and loss as we lost eye contact.



I released a deep breath.



'Focus, Lyric. We have an important day ahead.'







On my way to TCH, Jace called me.


I picked the call and put it on speaker so my hands could focus on the steering.



After our usual greetings and teasing, he told me the reason he called.



"I just texted you Alpha Zarek's number."



Oh. What a relief.



"Thanks a lot, Jace." I smiled like he could see me.


"I wish you'd tell me what you need the number for.I'm kind of worried, Ly."



"Please, don't be. Trust me, I'm not doing anything that'd get me in trouble. I'm not you."



He huffed. "Of course. I'm the one who gets into trouble because I'm always taking care of your mess."


 
I rolled my eyes. We talked some more before the call ended.



I'd been hoping Zarek would be at the party last night.It was one of the reasons I was hell-bent on going. So,since he didn't show up, I asked Jace for his contact.


I needed to ask him about that night. I didn't trust the fact that he had come into the garden, right after Marta left.



My phone beeped with a new message, and when l got to a traffic stop, I checked it out.


It was from Kael.



'Hi, Lyric. Let me know as soon as you get back to Darkspire.I need your help.'


Huh? I arched my brows in surprise. Kael needing my help? What the hell was going on?







A few minutes later, I arrived at TCH.


When I showed one of the ladies at the reception my email,she showed me where to wait.



I waited alone for almost an hour before the woman from the other day who I suspected was Marta's superior, walked up to me. "Good morning, ma'am." I rose to my feet.


"Good morning, Mrs. Dreadmoor." She shook my hands. "Sorry you had to wait for long. Please come with me."



I followed her into the elevator and onto a certain floor. She looked strict and always spoke in that stern,professional tone. Like the kind of woman that didn't take nonsense from anyone.


I caught her name on the tag on her coat. Dr.Guinevere.



"Before we begin, you'll need to meet with someone.I tried not to make it happen, but he insisted. And with him,one could hardly say 'no'."



I looked at her with surprise. Who was she referring to?



We got to a door which she pushed open, and my heart nearly jumped out of my chest when I found Jaris in the office, leaning against the table, his legs crossed in front of him while he gave me that piercing look like he was the boss.



"I'll be in ward four on this floor when you two are done. Just find me." The woman left.



I stayed rooted at the door for some seconds before dragging my legs in. What's he doing here? Here to ruin this tiny fragment of happiness I'm trying to have?


I didn't say a word as I stood, waiting for him to do the talking.


And finally, he did. "Do you have any idea how embarrassing it is to get to hear from strangers that my mate is applying to TCH?"



I frowned, not quite getting his point.


"When were you going to tell me that you had plans of working here?"


It was all I could do not to scoff and shrug instead."I didn't think it was mandatory for me to tell you."


"Lyric Harper, don't start with me."


Wait, what? Why was he still addressing me by my father's name? He didn't like me bearing his name or what?



"I should be informed if you're planning on working in a place like TCH. I shouldn't be getting to hear it from strangers." He grumped.


"Well, I'm sorry, but incase you haven't noticed, you and I haven't exactly been on talking terms. On our mating night, you specifically told me to stay as far away from you as possible. I'm only doing that."


I noticed his jaw clench. He glanced up at the ceiling,as if contemplating a thought. But I could tell he was pissed.



"You do know I have the power to have you kicked out, don't you?" My eyes widened in disbelief when he uttered those insane words.



I knew it. I knew he was here to ruin this little peace.


"In case you had no idea, the woman that just left is my aunt-my father's sister. And the one at the top,the one everybody answers to-he's a member of Darkspire. You could say I have TCH wrapped around my finger."
###Chapter 51 
LYRIC



"What do you want from me!?" My voice rose a notch,tears starting to hit the back of my eyes.



"An apology." His eyes nor words held no emotion.
"For not keeping me updated on such a huge step."



"But you told me to stay away from you!"



"Then, you should've sent a text or something. I just hate that I had to hear it from someone else, Lyric!"



Oh, damn it. Luna Isolde is a very pretty woman,but she did a poor job raising her son. He was a manipulative monster!



"I'm sorry." I ground the words.


He pushed away from the table, coming toward me."I can't hear you, Lyric."


What? I looked up at him, same time a stupid tear came rolling down my eyes.



"I said... I'm sorry." I swallowed hard.



It was humiliating to know I was apologizing even when he was the one that had done me wrong. Over and over again.


He ate up the distance between us until there was nothing left separating us. Then,he stared down at me.Since he was so tall and I wasn't, it was easy peering down at me like I was beneath him.



"Good." His tone was clipped.



I noticed his eyes trail to my lips again. But he looked away just as quickly.


Without uttering another word, he shouldered past me,walking out the door.







Making sure my face was clean of any of the pathetic tears I'd shed for him, I went out to look for Guinevere.


She was with Marta who threw deadly glares my way.


"| can see you're done." Guinevere turned to me. "Ms.Monroe will take it from here."



I followed Marta out of the ward, curious to know what was next.



"Before you get accepted, we'll have to test you." She hit the elevator button. "It's standard procedure. We'll see how well you perform, which would determine if you get to join us or not."


She took us to the ground floor, into a surgical ward I found a doctor inside and three others standing and watching from outside.


"What's going on?" I asked in a tone only Marta could hear.



She shrugged casually. "You claim to be so good at what you do. I'm sure you wouldn't have a problem proving to the team how good you are with surgery."


My jaw dropped. "What? But I never told you l was good at surgery."



"But you kept hinting at the fact that you're better than me. Besides, I already told them you're a pro at surgery, Lyric. It'd be disastrous if you told them you couldn't do it now. Believe me, they'll kick you out without second thoughts."


My heart skipped a beat. This was a set up. She was looking for a way for me to give up myself.


She smirked as she walked into the ward. I glanced at the people watching from outside, staring at me with beady eyes. They looked like the kind of people that would look out for your failure rather than your success.



Taking a deep breath, I went in with Marta. "And just so you know," she tilted her head to my side so me alone could hear her. "He's sick with Moonlit Affliction. It's at its terminal stage, which is why a lot of us here have been unwilling to help him. No one wants the blood of someone as powerful as him in our hands."



Him?



I looked at the unfamiliar face of the old man asleep on the bed. "Wh-Who's he?"



"Alpha Zarek's father."



What?



I looked at her with disbelief. It'd be very bad if the retired Alpha gets to die in my hands. I didn't even know what Zarek's deal was with me yet.



The doctor in the room came up to me with a nurse beside her, holding some materials.



"Mrs. Dreadmoor. We've been expecting you," the doctor said with a warm smile.



I noticed Marta roll her eyes when the woman called me by Jaris' name.


The nurse handed me a coat and some surgical gloves.


"Doctor Monroe tells us you're very good at this," the nice doctor said.



"Y-Yeah." I guess.


Gods, I was so nervous. I'd never operated on anyone before. And the man's condition seemed serious.


Marta was evil. She was setting me up for failure so I'd never get accepted.


The nice doctor went ahead to brief me on the surgery.


"Don't worry, I'll be here to guide you. Just in case things go, you know, haywire." She concluded with a smile and a tap on my hand.


"Thanks." I managed to smile back.


When I looked back at the window, doctor Guinevere had joined the others watching me.


There wNere so many eyes now. I couldn't fail in front of them. I'd lose this job.



Marta came closer to me, as if to reassure me.She whispered in my ear. "Now, show them how much of a loser you are, Lyric."

###Chapter 52
LYRIC



I flinched from her words. If there weren't so many eyes on us, I'd have yelled at her to fuck off.



She smiled as she stepped away from.me, going out of the room to join the rest of the doctors watching me.



Inhaling for courage, I went closer to the patient. The moment I touched his hand, I knew what to do. What could help him.



It was going to be a complex surgery, but I think l could do it.







OUTSIDE THE ROOM.



"I hope this isn't a bad idea, Marta. You should've given her something easy to start with," one of the doctors watching aired her concern.



"It's called a test for a reason, doctor Meredith.Besides,don't worry, I'm sure she can handle it. She's quite good." Marta smiled. And between them, there was that unspoken relief hanging in the air: At least, if anything happened to the old man, his blood wouldn't be on their hands.







An hour into the surgery.


The man's vitals still looked stable. So far, Lyric hadn't done a mistake to set off the alarms.



"She looks like she knows what she's doing,"Someone remarked.



"Yeah. She's handling it quite well."



Marta's throat became scratchy.


No. There was still time. Time for Lyric to fail. No one had been able to treat Moonlit Affliction. Lyric wouldn't be the first.



But another hour into the surgery and Lyric was done.The assisting doctor in the room gave the ones outside a thumbs up, she too, looking surprised.


"She did it!" One of them gasped with relief. "By the moon,she did heal him!"



The man's vitals looked way better than they were before the surgery. He was going to be fine! 
"How did she do that!?" One of them shook her head.



In their whole years, they'd never seen anyone successfully carry out this surgery. How could the woman before them be capable of this?


Marta was as pale as a ghost. She wished for the ground to open and swallow her whole.



"Mrs. Monroe!" Guinevere chuckled. "You have no idea how happy I am that you brought her to this ward.You've done a really great job! We've found a gem!"



****+****+



LYRIC



I did it!



This had to be the best day of my life since I returned to the werewolf world. I was brimming with so much excitement I feared my heart would burst out of my chest.



The doctors were extremely happy and congratulated me for getting the job. Afterwards, Guinevere took me to her office where we discussed my payment. What she was offering was quite huge-more than what I'd expected. But I was more interested in the fact that I'd get to save more lives like the man in there. Xylon was right. There was too much suffering in the hospital, and someone with my gift shouldn't be in hiding. As long as I don't poke my nose where it does not belong, I won't get into trouble like the last time.



We concluded I'd resume fully in three days. It'd give me enough time to get prepared.


On my way out, I found Marta lurking outside the office. Had she been eavesdropping on our conversation?



She looked nervous. Wow. For the first time, Marta looked nervous.



"Well, I'd be ungrateful if I don't thank you, Marta. If you hadn't pushed me to my limits, I wouldn't have known what I was capable of."


I could see the disgust in her face. For the first time,yet again,she walked away without saying a word.



****	****



I was beyond happy.


Right now, all I wanted to do was go home and have some fun. Like play music in my room, pop a bottle and drink alone.



I wasn't just celebrating my new job. I was also celebrating the fact that I had the power to save a man's life. I had the gift to do what others are unable to do.



Maybe it wasn't really a curse if I use it right. Maybe it's a gift.



Getting to Darkspire, however, my plans were put on halt when Kael caught up with me in the middle of the hallway.


Oh, right. I'd almost forgotten about his text this morning.



We exchanged pleasantries before he told me the reason he was there.



"I have been running a task, and currently, I just bumped into a problem. I'm supposed to get something-a kind of access from the chairman. But after meeting with him, he told me he had handed those rights over to his son."



It took me two seconds longer to realize what he was asking.



Oh."Jace."



"Yes. Your hot-headed ill-mannered friend." He hissed,the words dripping with venom.


I tried and failed to stifle my smile. "But...now you need to ask for his help."



"Yes. And I think we both know your friend is too stubborn to grant me that access."


"Jace isn't all that bad," I rolled my eyes up, looking at him from the perspective of someone who had been my best friend and defender from childhood.


"Come on, Lyric. Even you can see how much of an annoying bastard he is. I hate that I need his help."Kael's words oozed with hostility.



I huffed at him. "And you think you're the saint? Or the victim? The two times you two have been in a fight you punched him first."



Kael looked like he'd roll his eyes if he could. Jace had a problem, no doubt. But Kael was no different and didn't have the right to judge him.


"Anyway," I crossed my arms. "What's my role in all of this?"



He looked calmer now. "I need your help setting up a meeting between us."



Hmph. I guess his pride wouldn't let him contact Jace himself. So, I have to be the middle woman. Well, I am definitely sensing a war coming.

###Chapter 53

Fortunately, Jace was free when I asked him to come over. In less than three hours, he was at Darkspire and met Kael and I in the little outdoor restaurant within the Pack.



Jace stopped in his tracks when he found Kael sitting at the table with me. I already told him he was to meet up with someone, but he didn't know it was Kael.



"The fuck is he doing here?" He asked with a crumpled look. "Is he holding you hostage or something,Lyric?Or he's just here to try to piss me off again?"


I noticed Kael fist his hand under the table,obviously fighting down his retort.


"Jace, please. Sit." I urged, tapping the empty seat.


He glared really hard at Kael before sitting down.


Two seconds later, it sank in before I could speak.


He raised his hands. "Nah, hold on. Don't tell me the 'someone' I'm supposed to meet is this fucker?"



"Call me fucker one more time and I'll fuck you up."Kael gritted. "Why don't you save it, man, for someone who can be fucked over by you."



Holy smokes.



"Could you two stop? Please!" I slightly hit the table,but it didn't seem to have much effect on the two men.



"Well, I am trying, Lyric. But like I said, he is too hot-headed and ill-mannered to listen!" Kael argued.



"Wow." Jace let out a slow clap. "Look who's talking.Mr. I-Punch-First-Think-Never is suddenly the etiquette police."


I took a deep breath. "Kael, if you need this to work,you'll have to actually calm down."


Thank goodness, they both keep quiet. But Kael looked really pissed. I guess he'd be doing a lot worse if he didn't need Jace's help right now.


"Why did you call me, Ly? You should talk fast 'cause the atmosphere here isn't so appealing," Jace said as he picked up my glass of wine and drank from it.


"Actually," I glanced at Kael. "He needs your help."


Jace choked. Wine sprayed onto the table as he coughed violently, shaking his head. 
"Hold up-did you just say he needs my help? With what? Digging his own grave? With what? Digging his grave?"



"Jace, come on. This is serious."



"Fine." He rolled his eyes. He shifted his eyes to Kael."What the hell do you need my help for?"


Kael seemed to struggle with his words. Poor thingg.It must be really hard on his ego.


"The Mountain Retreat in the East. Your father told me you have rights to it now. I need access."


Jace was numb for a moment, like he didn't quite understand Kael's words. Then, he burst into laughter.


"Oh, this is rich!" He clapped his hands togetherlike this was the best joke he'd heard all year. "So, Mr.Almighty finally needs me. I should call the news.'Kael Swallows His Pride'-headlines would be insane.Shocking to know you're human, after all."


"I am not begging, Jace. If you don't wanna help,spit it out already."


Geez! Such a really bad temper for someone in need of help.


"Fine. Let's say I don't wanna help you, then."

 To my surprise, Jace stood up to leave.



Goodness!


"Please, just sit." I grabbed his hand.


"No,Lyric. If this guy really needs my help, he's going to have to ask nicely. With the right attitude."


I glanced at Kael. Not sure that's ever going to happen.But...



"Kael, come on. Just try to be the bigger man."I made my eyes as pleading as they could.



I needed to get this done and focus on my celebration.



"Are you trying to say I'm the smaller person here,Lyric?" Jace huffed.



"No..."



"Fine! Please, just sit and let's talk," Kael said,surprising the hell out of me. I think even Jace was shocked.



Wow. He did have some pide to drop.



Jace still gave him that unsatisfied look before plonking back into his seat.


Picking up his glass of wine, he grumped. "Make it quick."



JARIS



Today was stressful but productive. I got to close some really nice deals, which meant more money and visibility. Not that I needed more money, actually.


Nerion was driving me back to the Pack house when I got a call from Luca-one of the representative from the Central Pack.



"Jaris. You said you wanted to know if anything came up in the course of the investigation, concerning the King's death."



"Yes? Have you found something?" My interest was already piqued.


Since I showed interest in the Alpha King's Throne,they'd been treating me with more respect.



"We took our time cross checking the CCTV footage,and just this morning, we discovered something new.For better clarification, I just forwarded the footage to you."


I eagerly checked my email on my laptop and played the video. Luca explained what I was watching.


"On the day King Thaddeus died, we had some men bring in supplies to the storage room. We do this twice a month. Now, if you look closely, among the men offloading the truck, there's one with the black face cap."



I could see him. He wasn't the only one wearing a face cap,but he was the only one who consciously avoided the cameras.



"He keeps avoiding the cameras, so we can't get a view of his face," Luna confirmed my thoughts. "And even in the house, when they took the goods to the storage,he did well to hide his face."



It was as if he knew where each camera was because he successfully avoided every one of them.


"Now, when the people were done and leaving, this very man was not with them."



I watched the men get into the truck and leave.


Luca was right. The creep didn't get in with them.


"So,he stayed back somewhere?" | frowned.


"Looks like he did. And on that very night, the King ended up dead."



Fucker.



"Have you checked the cameras surrounding the other exits? Do we know when and how he left?""No. And we find it a bit strange that the cameras didn't capture him leaving that day or the next. Initially,we thought he might be here somewhere. So we turned every room upside down, but there was nothing.He's not here."



Then,how did he leave?


"I think he knows something," I tapped the screen.


"He sure does. We've already captured the delivery agency. Every one of the men that had been here on that day are here in our dungeon. But none of them seem to know anything about this guy. According to them, he showed up, asking for a quick job for money.They claim they didn't know he had ulterior motives."



I thought about it for a moment. "Keep them there.I'll come over tomorrow and question them myself.See if we can get anything out of them."


Luca paused. He probably knows it'd be hell if I get to interrogate them myself. But it was needed. I smelt something fishy. Something serious had to be done to uncover the truth.



"Alright, Jaris. We'll be expecting you."



| dropped the call but couldn't get my eyes off the man on the screen. I let my finger graze it There was something about him. Something familiar.



I felt this unwelcomed chill run down my spine and forced myself to shut the laptop.



We have to find him.

###Chapter 54 

LYRIC



By some miracle, Jace and Kael managed to have a conversation without throwing words at each other.Although, the hostility was still very clear.



I excused myself when they were deep into the conversation so I could call Alpha Zarek, but he didn't take my calls.



He didn't have my contact, right? So, he shouldn't know it was me calling.



At night, the kids came over to my room to spend some time with me. Marta was working in TCH through the night. So, they stayed with me for a long time,played and eventually slept over.







It was noon of the following day when Jace called and asked me to meet him somewhere outside Darkspire.



Unlike Jace, he didn't sound cheerful but rather pissed.He ended the call as soon as he delivered the message, and I had to hurry over to meet him.



I parked my car next to his by the road side. He came out of his,same time I did.


"Jace. Is there-" My words were cut off when I saw how angry he looked.



If it wasn't for the fact that I trusted him, I'd have retreated.



"What did you do, Lyric?" He growled.



What?



When he marched toward me,I finally found myself retreating until my back was against my car.



"Jace! What is wrong with you?"



"Answer me! What did you do!?" His eyes were like daggers.


"I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't do anything!"



What was wrong with him?



He glared down at me. His eyes softened a smidge and it dawned on me. He wasn't just angry. He was concerned.



"Jace, talk to me. What is going on?" My heart was thumping in against my chest now.



Reaching for his phone in his back pocket, he tapped on the screen a few times before showing it to me.



On the screen was a picture of me. Old me. With the scar.



I was confused.



That picture wasn't taken. It looked like someone who was very skilled had drawn it. It looked exactly like the old me with my scar.


"While I was overseas," Jace started. "I got a connection to a hunt group called The Agents. Their existence is not often talked about because they keep a very low profile. But they hold a strong power over the werewolf world. They know when things are wrong and punish those responsible. Most times, they kill them. They're commonly known as the Executioners.


"I had to leave when I saw how demanding the job was. They're dangerous, Lyric. And rightnow,they're after you." He tapped the screen. "The old you.They're out to kill you."


My mouth hung open in shock, fear eating me from the inside out.



Gods,please. It couldn't be true.



"I have tried to ask around to know what you did,but I can't get anything. Like I said, they keep a low profile and I'm even lucky I got to see this. So, I am asking you, Lyric." He stepped closer to her. "What the fuck did you do?"


I turned around to hold onto my car for support as my legs had become too weak to move. I was losing my mind.



And here I was, thinking it was over. Thinking I'd escaped it.



"Lyric!" Jace snapped. "These people only want you dead when you've done something terrible. Something unforgivable. And believe me, they know how to hunt well. It won't take long before they find you. Your life is in danger!"



"| know!" I whirled around to meet him. "But what do you want me to do, Jace? I'm scared!"


"Well,you can start by telling me what you did to get them on your tracks. Tell me the truth."



I shook my head, my fear heightening. "I-I can't."



"Damn it, Lyric! Say something."


I felt cold liquid against my cheeks. Tears.


It was a secret I'd been harbouring for years. Jace was my best friend, but I didn't want to tell anyone what I'd done. I was so afraid. "They won't find me," I sniffled, dabbing my face."They're after the old me. They won't know it is me."



"Are you kidding?" He huffed, making me look stupid."They're already in Flodiria. Who knows how long it'd take before they get you. You might have gotten rid of your scar, Lyric, but people like your family still know it's you. What happens when The Executioners run into someone that knows you and discover who you are?"


He was right. Shit, of course he was right.


"S-So, what do I do, Jace?" A tremor ran through my voice.



Jace gave me an angry stare. "You really won't tell me what you did,right?"


I lowered my gaze. I wanted to confide in someone,but I was so scared of the truth growing wider.


"Fine.You have to run." Jace said with finality.



"What?"



"It's the only option, Lyric. You have to go into hiding.They obviously know you're a wolf. So, they're looking at all the wolf packs. It'd be better if you go far away to a human country where they can't find you. You need to leave, Lyric. Right now." "No." I shook my head, my heart clenching painfully "I cannot leave, Jace. Not now."



Not when I stillhad a lot to do. Xylon was still very sick. Leaving now would be like abandoning him.



Jace held my shoulders, shaking me. "This is the only way, Lyric! Or would you rather stay back and get yourself killed? Would that be better?"



I shook my head.


No. I didn't want to die.



"I'll help you, Lyric." Jace's voice softened. "I know of a nice place you could hide. I'll take you there."


Tears streaked my cheeks as I thought of how ruined my life was about to become. I was about to lose everything.

###Chapter 55
JARIS



"Feel free to tell me about it. Everything, Jaris," Nivia said,her voice alone sounding soothing.



Few days ago, if someone had told me I'd be seeking out Nivia for help, I'd have punched them in the nose.


She was a popular psychological doctor.People came to her when they were passing through things they could not understand.



Being over sixty years old, Nivia was very experienced and well respected in our world. People say she had answers to every psychological problem.



I stood facing the window, my hand in my trouser pocket as I told her my problem.


"For more than fifteenyears, I have not been able to cum." Except that one time, five years ago. But l didn't mention that. "I am hardly even aroused or interested in a woman. But a week ago, I saw someone naked. And that very night, I came to the image of it."I shook my head. "I have not been able to get it off my mind. Worse, I keep cumming to that very image."
I did not have any fear of sharing this with Nivia. She was well known for keeping things confidential. What was said in her room remains in her room.



"Are we talking about a man or a woman?" She asked from where she was seated behind me.



"A woman."



"I see." I saw her bob through the reflection in the window.



"Tell me, Alpha; how exactly do you feel when you see this woman?"


Her question took me by surprise. I realized that I had never actually thought of it.


"I don't know," I shrugged. "She's beautiful. A lot of men are attracted to her. And...each time I see her with them, it gets on my nerves."



"So,you like her?"



"| don't," | snapped.


She betrayed me. I couldn't care for someone like her.


Nivia gave me a long stare. I caught her staring through the glass.


"What did she do to upset you, Alpha?" She wore a small smile. "It is obvious you are trying to deny your feelings because she hurt you."



I turned to her, letting her see the seriousness in my eyes as I said my next words. "I feel nothing for that woman. Honestly,all I want is to get rid of that image because I hate that they have such an effect on me."


She sighed as she looked down at her book where she scribbled something.



"Well, there is only one explanation for this. If this woman has this hold over you, it's only because she's your fated mate."



My countenance dropped. The words hit me, making me silent for a moment.



"That is not possible. I already have a fated mate."


Greta. That was my mate's name.


We'd already met eight years ago. But unfortunately,she went missing. Or maybe, ran away. She was terrified when she learned we were mates. She had always been afraid of I and my family. Although,mother had been doing all she could to find her so she could take her rightful place as my Luna.


It wasn't possible to have two fated mates. I thought they said Nivia was the best? 
"Only a fated mate can do something like this, Alpha,"she insisted. "Your wolf likes her. It welcomes her.That can only happen when it's your fated mate."



I never should've come to Nivia, because all she did was make things more complicated for me.


"It's not possible to have two fated mates." I grabbed my jacket from the arm of the chair I'd been sitting on."I'm afraid you were not helpful."



LYRIC



As soon as I reached Darkspire, I started packing up my bags. The plan was to leave at midnight when no one would see me.



Jace and I already agreed to meet up at the outskirts of Darkspire.



I hated that I was doing this. Hated that I was leaving everything behind. But Jace was right. It wasn't safe anymore.


I was nearly done with my bags when a hurried knock came on my door. I startled before going to get it.


It turned out to be one of the kids' nanny.



"I'm sorry. Their mother isn't around and-and I don't know who else to call. It's Xylon," she stuttered, her forehead damp with sweat.


My heart was in my throat as I ran to the kids' room
On the floor was Xylon, shaking profusely.



Please,no!



He was having another crisis.


But this one seemed worse. He had blood running through his nose.



Xyla was beside him, weeping profusely.


I forced myself to stay calm as I knelt beside him and told the nannies what to gather for me.



While the nannies hurried to get them, I lifted Xylon's head onto my legs and rubbed circles on his back and chest.



"It's fine. You'll be fine."



Half an hour later, Xylon was completely fine.Although, he was very weak and had his head on my legs.I managed to convince him to eat something. So,the nannies had gone to get them.



"I'm sorry," he muttered weakly, stupefying me.


Huh? "For what?"



"Bothering you." He was struggling to keep his eyes open.


Tears pooled in my eyes as I looked at his pitiful face.I sniffled and forced a chuckle. "Don't be silly, Xylon.There's nothing to be sorry for. It is my duty,remember?"



His eyes didn't open. I quickly checked his pulse and was relieved he was just sleeping.


'He's fine. There's nothing to worry about,' I told myself.



A tear dropped to my cheek. And another,until I was completely sobbing.


Gods, I couldn't leave him. Not when he was like this.Not when he was suffering this much.


I didn't care about my safety anymore. I was ready to stay back and help him, even if it meant losing my life.


****



I stayed longer with the kids and only left when they were both sleeping.



I was tired as I walked back to my room. I'd have to call Jace and tell him about the change of plan.



I paused when I got to my room and found the door open. Someone had been here. Or was still here. I went in, and to my surprise, it wwas Jaris. He was there in the center of the room, leaning against the dresser.


For a moment, I was relieved that it was just him and not some unwanted intruder. But my relief was short -lived when I noticed the anger in his eyes. And worse of it all, I knew the reason he was that way.


Before him were my bags, all packed and lined up.



He knows I was trying to leave.
###Chapter 56
LYRIC



And here I was, thinking this day couldn't get any worse for me.



I nervously twiddled with the fabric of my shirt, trying to conjure the best possible lies in my head. I was already in too much mess with Jaris to add this to it.


"Care to explain?" His voice was stone cold.



Goodness,he was beyond pissed.



My lips moved, but no words formed.


"Were you trying to run away?" He took a step toward me.



"No. I promise, it's not what you think."


"It's not what I think." He chuckled. "Well, your bags are here on the floor, all packed up. And it's night. So,maybe you want to explain what's going on."


Shit. He was never supposed to see this. No one was.I'd left the room in a hurry and didn't think I'd be that unfortunate. "What is wrong with you!?" He growled. "First, you do unexplainable things, and now this? You're trying to run away from our contract? Why? Do you have someone you'd rather be with? Have you had a lover all along?"


He glared at me like he had a name at the of his tongue.


"Please," I said rather wearily. "I know what it looks like, but I wasn't trying to flee."


Of course, he had every reason to suspect me.It did look like I was trying to flee. But how do I explain to him that I'd changed my mind? How do I even explain why I'd been trying to flee in the first place? It wouldn't make any sense.



Jaris was so pissed. He looked at me like I'd betrayed him. It was almost like that night at the temple when he glared at me like I was his enemy.


"And here I was, thinking you cared for my kids. For my son," he said low, his voice filled with disappointment. "We had an agreement for you to help them. Yet, you're willing to run away just for some other selfish interest."



No. I wasn't going to let him do this to me. His kids were the reason I was staying. I was risking my life for them! "I love your kids! They're the reason you still met me here!" | snapped.


His eyes darkened. "So, you do admit that you were trying to flee, then."


Shit! The emotional manipulation dawned on me when it was too late. Ugh! Jaris was a vermin.



He took my phone from my table, surprising me. Then,he walked past me, going toward the door.


"What do you need my phone for?" I asked,confused,but he didn't even look at me.



"I'm-I'm really sorry. It's not what you think."|couldn't believe I was apologizing to him for something.



Yes, I was wrong. But he'd hurt me as well and didn't even bother to explain himself like I have.


He didn't say a word as he reached the door, pulled out my key and walked out the front.



Hold on.



"Wh-What're you doing?"



His eyes were icier as they pinned me with a glare."Punishing  you. Keeping you locked here so you never think of this stupid idea, ever again."
No! He couldn't be serious!



"You can't do that to me." I started toward the door,but it was slammed shut in my face, and I heard the sound of the key going in next.


I turned the knob but the door wouldn't open. I was really trapped in here.


"Open the door!" I hit my palms against it, repeatedly "I'm not your prisoner! You can't do this to me!"


But no response came. Instead, I heard his receding footsteps.



****+****+



For two whole days, I was locked in my room by Jaris.


I didn't have access to my phone to call anyone, so l was stuck here at his will.


The only time I got to see people was when the maids came with food and drinks, and each time, there would be two guards at the door, making sure I didn't try to leave. They wouldn't even talk to me. I guess Jaris must have warned them not to so I wouldn't try to talk my way out of here.



I was frustrated and losing my mind. But I couldn't say I was  surprised. Everyone had always talked about Jaris being an emotionless monster. Unfortunately,I didn't have a choice in this stupid contract.



When I heard the door going open in the evening,I figured it'd be one of the maids bringing me some snacks or something. Surprisingly, I was well taken care of. But it didn't change the fact that | was a prisoner, and I hated it.


Unexpectedly, I found Jace walking through the door.Surprise filled my lungs in the form of a gasp.



"Jace?"



He opened his arms and I ran right in, feeling like an abandoned wolf who was finally meeting her family


"How-How did you get access?" Jaris wouldn't let me see anyone.


Just then, I caught Kael by the door.


"The bastard owed me a favour," Jace clarified



Oh.



"And that bastard is gonna fuck you up if you don't make it quick," Kael grumped.


Jace tilted himself so he could face Kael. "I really pity you when you have too much confidence in yourself.You can't fuck me up, dude. Get lost." "Right. You keep saying that and someday, you mnight learn the hard way." Kael shut the door.


I shook my head. These two could never agree.


"Thank you for coming to see me," my eyes were sad despite the smile I forced on my face.


"What the fuck is going on, Lyric? You never showed up, and I couldn't even reach you on phone. And when I came here, that fucker told me you were locked up.Good thing he owed me a favor."



I turned away from Jace, sinking my fingers into my hair. I told him what happened; how Jaris had caught me leaving. As expected, he was enraged.


"And so fucking what? You're not his slave, Lyric. He has no right to lock you up," he fumed.


"It's actually a breach of contract." He has the right to do worse to me.


"Please, spare me. This is nonsense. I could talk to my father."



"Jace,please don't. I don't wanna complicate things."


I sat down on the edge of the bed, staring at my non -manicurerd nails.


"| actually don't want to leave again. I just didn't have the time to tell you that night.



Jace looked at me like I'd just told him | was committing suicide.



"What're you saying, Lyric? Don't be stupid! These people are on your tail and will kill you when they find you. You can't be serious about staying back."


"I can't leave the kids, Jace! On that night, while I was gathering my bags, the boy had one of his crises again.This time, it was worse. If I hadn't been there to save him..." I shook my head, a chill running down my spine from the mental image of how much Xylon would've suffered.



"I'm sorry, but I'll never be able to bear it if something happens to that boy when I could've been there to save him. That would have been selfish of me."



Jace's voice was softer now. "Lyric, it's not selfish if you're trying to survive."


"I-I know. But I need to be there for him."


Right now, it was beyond what Jaris and I shared. Jaris and Marta aside, the kids had become my friends and I wanted to be there for them.
###Chapter 57
LYRIC



Jace sat next to me, his shoulders slumped in defeat.


"At least, tell me what you did, Ly. Why are these people after you? I need to understand how I can help."


I exhaled a long breath. He was right. If I needed his help,he should know what I did.


It was terrifying that I had to say this. I was letting out a very big secret, but I didn't have a choice.


"Three years ago, I was in Mystopia." It was where l met Penelope and had my twins. But I didn't mention that to Jace. It wasn't important.


"I got a job in a hospital, but I was under training and supervision. I hardly interacted with the patients there.Then, I noticed that the few times I did, the patients could easily get better." I bit my lip, hesitating for what I was to say next. "One day, I stumbled upon a certain room. Before then, I'd noticed that room was always locked, and not everyone could be granted access into it. But on that very day, the door was open.So,I went in and found a young man on the bed. "He was asleep, his face pale. He was in a coma." I still got the chills as I remembered what it felt like.



"I was curious to know what was wrong with him. But I also suspected that this man was someone important who the others had been hiding. I went forward-stupid me-and I-I touched him. I don't know;maybe I just wanted to know how cold or hot he was.But as soon as we made skin contact, he came awake.



"I was scared and quickly stepped back. And it was in that moment that my supervisor-Winnie-came into the room. The man went back to sleep again,looking pale like he didn't just open his eyes. My supervisor was very mad at me that day and even threatened to get me fired.



"But the next day, she called me to her officeand asked how l'd been able to pull him awake. She asked me if I could try to make him wake permanently.I wasn't sure of what I could do yet, but when she promised me a lot of money-which I needed-l agreed to give it a try.


"I was led on what to get for the man. I held his hand much longer, and to my surprise, he did wake up. But I didn't stay for long to hear what he and my supervisor said."


I shook my head, feeling guilty and stupid. "I don't know, but I think I made a terrible mistake, Jace. Something in me keeps screaming that that man was dangerous and was supposed to stay asleep. I don't even know how I had the power to wake him up. But..."I swallowed around the lump in my throat. This was the scarier part of the story. "The following day,my supervisor ended up dead."


I could still recall the fear I'd felt when the news reached me that she had been killed.



"Nobody knew who was responsible, but | realized that there was trouble. I had a gut feeling it had to do with the man that was awake. So, I ran. I ran to a different city and... with my discovery of my abilities,I worked on my scar and got them removed."I shrugged. "That's pretty much wvhat happened."



Jace was speechless for some time. He exhaled,wiping his hands against his face and propping them in his knees.


"Goodness, Lyric. You must've done something really dangerous. That man was clearly a prisoner, and you just released him when he was supposed to stay imprisoned."


My throat turned to dust. The more I realized I was wrong,the scarier it got. "I-I didn't know. And when my supervisor told me to-"


"Yeah, before she ended up dead," Jace cut me off. "No wonder they're after you. They want you to pay for what you did,just like her."



I buried my face in my palms, cold crushing my bones "|I don't know what to do, Jace. How do I mak<e them understand it wasn't intentional?"



Jace was silent for a couple of minutes. "Have you...tried to understand what you are?"



I lifted my face to look at him. "I have. Apparently, we have this thing in our family where some of us are gifted with these special healing abilities."



"I know. But don't you think yours is quite different?"


He was damn right. I'd been concerned about that as well.



Jace chuckled before revealing the heart-shattering truth. "Lyric, you're a Siphon."



My head spun.



"| d-I don't understand."



"It's obvious! You have this knowledge of what could work for everyone, and the healing process occurs only completely when you make contact with them."



I couldn't agree any less. The first instinct in me when I see a sick person is to touch them. I always had this feeling that they'd be better as soon as I touch them.


"You're not healing them through the normal way you know. You're siphoning their sicknesses from their body to yours. Only difference is, your body has been made for things like this. So, you don't feel it." He stood up,lifting and falling his hands. "Do you fucking know how special that is? We haven't seen a Siphon in hundreds of years!"


My stomach churned with dread.


No. It couldn't be. I loved being different, but not Siphon-kind of different.


"J-Jace, what do l do?" A tremor ran through my quiet voice as I stood up. I'd never been more scared in a long time. "I can't be a Siphon. I don't want to be!"



"Oh, girlfriend." Jace shook his head. There was no fun in his eyes. Just worry for me. "You already are.And the Executioners already know, which is the reason they're going all out to hunt you."



Siphons were more of a curse than a blessing in our world. They were forbidden, and every Siphon that had been born in the past was always killed.



"You do realize how dangerous you are, don't you?"Jace took my hands. "You could hurt people, Ly.Destroy people. You can siphon so much, not justa person's sickness." He looked down at our hands joined together. "If you focus, you can actually siphon oxygen out of me and I'll drop dead. You can siphon emotions, my reasoning, and even my memory!" He huffed, shaking his head. "Your kind has always been forbidden because you could do things that aren't allowed."



"But I didn't ask to be this!" My voice was filled with agony. "I don't want to be this, Jace. I don't want to be this dangerous to people."



I lowered my head, a tear slipping down. "I'm so scared,Jace."



"Hey," he cooed, coming closer and taking my hands again. "I know you, Ly. You're the sweetest defenseless girl I know. You won't want to hurt anyone.That's how I know you've got this."


More tears streaked down my cheeks as I looked at him. "But if the others get to know... I'll be dead."


"You won't. I won't let that happen." He squeezed my hands. "We'll both protect this secret with our lives,and I'll make sure no harm comes to you."

###Chapter 58

LYRIC


"Thank you," I whimpered, and he pulled me into a hug.


After a while, we disengaged as he stated an important point. "First things first, you have to stay as hidden as possible, Ly. I was super glad when you told me about the job at TCH, but you can't keep drawing attention to you by doing things others can't."


My heart sank. I'd seen this coming. I just didn't think I'd really hear of it.


"Only Siphons can do things others can't. And if you keep doing this, you'll draw attention to you until someone who knows what you are,figures you out.It won't also be long when the Executioners find you.You have to avoid trouble as much as you can. Alright?"


I sniffled as I nodded. It was going to be so hard. And here I was, happy that I'd gotten a job and I was going to save lives. How unfortunate that my gift turned out to be a curse.



****十＊＊＊＊十

I should have been here yesterday. But due to unforeseen circumstances, my trip was delayed.


I walked into the Central Palace and met with Luca at the entrance. He was happy to have me there and led me in with some other men that had been waiting.


We talked about a little on our way until we reached the prison gates where the men from the delivery agency were locked up.


The men looked pale and exhausted, and they shifted on their asses when they saw me.


"Which of them is the Manager?" | asked Luca while I kept my gaze on the men.


"The one at the far end." Luca pointed at him.



"Bring him to the interrogation room."



I did not miss the fear that crossed the man's face. He must feel like the most unluckiest man in the world.



I walked away to the interrogation room, and seconds Later, the large man was brought in to me.



He was placed on the chair opposite mine,although was standing. I intended to make this quick.


"Now, listen," I rolled up my sleeves. "I intend to make this as quick as possible. You're human, which means it'd be more than easy to break you. I don't even have to do much, and there's a high tendency you might not survive it."



The large man shuddered uncomfortably in his seat.He looked like someone that was bossy on a normal day, yet here he was, chained and trembling in the presence of another.



Quite pathetic.



"Please, we've told them everything we know.Honestly, if I could turn back the hands of time, I never would've given that cocksucker a job."He was angry as much as he was scared.



"Which brings us to the question," now, I took my seat. "When you were leaving, didn't you notice you were short of one member? I don't know about you,but I find it too convenient for that young man that none of you noticed he was missing."


"We-We did. But not at the moment. We didn't notice he was missing from the truck before we left,we only did when we had hit the road."



I waited for him to continue. "And?"



"I'm-I'm sorry, it may sound unprofessional, but I decided not to care. We thought, maybe, he must've been in a restroom when we left and was stuck behind.But we figured he'd find his way out." I nodded, despite the rage seething in my blood. If only they'd made sure. We wouldn't be here.


"Like I said," I tsked. "Too convenient for him."


I started with the torture, dragging some ugly cries out of him. But he didn't release any more information.



It took him passing out to get me to stop, then l realized he was telling the truth. It also made sense because they were a big agency. They wouldn't intentionally help someone kill the King and not try to run, at least. They must have been used.


Besides, an assassin with a mission as powerful as that would be smart enough to deceive people like that.



"So, what do we do next?" Luca asked as we both walked out of the interrogation room. "If we can't get the answers out of these guys, the murderer will go scoff free."



I was still bothered about something else. How did the assassin leave the palace?



I stopped walking and turned to him. "Can I watch the footage again? I need to check something."


A few minutes later, I was seated in the security office,going through all the footage surrounding the time of the King's death. The assassin never came to the Palace until he did with those men.



So,how did he leave?



I had a hint.



I went to the footage of the day of the King's funeral.I checked the surroundings. It took me a long time,but in the end, I got my answer.



"There he is!" Luca exclaimed beside me. "The asshole left during the funeral! When everyone was distracted and away from the Palace."



I glanced at him in surprise. Luca was a sixty year old man who had always been modest. Hearing him use words like 'asshole' was new to me.



In the footage, the assassin knew he stood a higher chance being caught if he tried to leave right after he murdered the king. So, he hid around somewhere in the Palace while nobody suspected there was even in an assassin in the house.



Then, he waited for the day of the funeral when everyone's attention was at the funeral hall. It was easier sneaking out then. The son of a bitch knew what he was doing.



"He must have been feeding and drinking during his stay here," I murmured as I watched more footage.



Unfortunately, there were no cameras inside the main palace. King Thaddeus always felt like it was an invasion of privacy. So, only the surroundings had cameras to see who goes in and out.


"Do you think someone might have been feeding him?Helping him?" Luca asked.



"Possibly. Or late at night, he'd crawl to the kitchen to steal food."



I clenched my jaw as I studied him climb out the fence on the funeral night. He was still very careful to protect his face from the camera.



"I have a feeling this guy must have had some sort of experience about the Palace," Luca said the exact words I had in mind. "The way he knew where the cameras were supposed to be, where to hide without being seen, and how to get food and drinks. A novice within these walls would've been caught. This guy must be something else."



I nodded in agreement. Luca had never been more accurate.



Our assassin was no stranger within these walls. So,there was a good chance King Thaddeus had been staring into the familiar face of his assassin when he got killed. Luca and I spoke some more on the topic, deciding to carry out more investigations and sweep the city for our guy.


When I left and was in the backseat of my car,headed home,I made a call I hadn't made in years. A call that was always unnerved me whenever I had to make it.


The issue of the assassin and how familiar he looked was making me uneasy. I just needed to be very sure.


The woman picked up when the call was about to end."Alpha Jaris. Greetings."



As always, her tone was clipped.


"Margaret. You know why I'm calling. Is he still there?"I demanded.



"Yes, of course. He's still locked up and asleep." After a heartbeat, she added;"you know you have nothing to worry about. Your brother is not getting out of here."
###Chapter 59
LYRIC



My appetite left with Jace after our painful conversation.



I was scared, and a tiny voice in my head kept mocking me that I might not be alive for very long.


I heard my door unlocking and snapped upright,waiting to see who'd enter.



It hadn't been long since the maids brought me food.So,who was-



Oh.



My thoughts took a pause. Swallowing hard, I rose to my feet as Jaris made his way in.


He was still wearing something corporate,which meant he must just be making his way home.But it was almost midnight. Why was he just coming back?


'It's none of your business, Lyric.'


"Good evening," I murmured.


It was the first time he was coming to see me since he locked me up. I couldn't believe he could be so cruel to do this to me.



I noticed his eyes linger on the tray of my untouched meal. He didn't seem pleased.


"Why haven't you eaten?" He asked coldly


"Nothing. Just didn't have the appetite."


"Seriously?" He huffed. "You're not eating so you can lie to people that I starved you."


I looked at him with disbelief. "I really don't get why you assume I'm a liar." I have never lied to you!



He said nothing, but his expression didn't get any softer.


He ambled toward the table, leaning against it.


He folded his brawny arms across his chest, and I forced myself not to look at how good it was.



"Why were you trying to run?" His voice was less scolding, more like he was curious. "Aside our contract,you were supposed to treat Xylon.I thought you liked the kids. Were you really going to abandon him just because of our differences?"



I shook my head. He really thought I was trying to flee because we were at loggerheads? Oh, he knew nothing.


"I'm sorry," I scratched my hairline with the tip of my finger. "I promise you, it's not what you think. I wasn't trying to flee because of our differences." I hated the fact that I was explaining myself and apologizing when few weeks ago, he had hurt me as well and didn't do anything to make me feel better.


"| know you might not believe it, but Xylon is the reason you caught me in the first place. And I intend to stay and finish my job on him." I chuckled. "I can't abandon a soul like that. Never."



For a long moment, he watched me with those accessing eyes of his. Those eyes that made me feel like I was being investigated.


"Why don't you tell me where you were headed,then?I deserve to know."



Okay. I've had enough.


"Can we just put this behind us?" My voice was a little serious. "I'm sorry, okay? Sorry I tried to flee. Sorry you caught me. I promise, it'll never happen again.Honestly, I'm just tired of this conversation."


His eyes darkened. "You think you have the right to be tired? I deserve an explanation, Lyric Harper!"


"Well, at least, I have and I've apologized! You didn't do any of these on our mating night. You embarrassed me in front of friends and family! At least, I haven't done any of that to you!"



He moved from the table, stepping towards me with eyes burning like hot coals.



This was my warning to keep shut. My warning to tell me I was crossing the line. But I'd been carrying this hurt with me for weeks!



I took a step back when he kept getting closer Eventually, I stood my ground, despite the fear clawing deep in my stomach.


We stood almost feet to feet, his dark eyes pinning mine.



"You know nothing, Lyric," his voice was like an ice cube. "You know nothing of the embarrassment you brought to me."



What? My voice was barely audible.


He turned away, heading for the door.



"If I did something, why don't you just tell me!?Because as far as I'm concerned, I'm the only one who has been your victim here!"


He didn't stop. Didn't look at me. "If you hated me this much, you shouldn't have brought the damn contract to me. My life is more hell than It's ever been!"



Of course, that was not true. But I was furious and not thinking straight.


He walked out the door, but I didn't hear the locks.


I hesitated for a moment before going closer. What.I turned the knob, the door opened. And more to my surprise, the key was right there on the keyhole.


He didn't lock me in. Did that mean I was free?



****+****+



JACE



Jace impatiently glanced at his time for what felt like the millionth time.



If there was one thing he hated, it was having to wait for anyone.



He picked his phone and keys to leave when Kael finally arrived.



"Fuck, man! You're late!" He hissed.



Kael remained calm as he took his seat, facing Jace's. "How ironic," the corner of his lips tilted up in a smile."A few days ago it was me begging to see you. Now,it's the other way around."


"You must have vocabulary problems because I didn't fucking beg," Jace forced himself not to growl. "Why were you so late? You were supposed to be here ten minutes ago."


"Dude, I know you have the brain of a child and all,but there's something called traffic. Besides, you only waited for ten minutes. Don't act like a lady hasn't kept you waiting for longer."


"No. People don't keep me waiting. It's forbidden in my rules."


Kael simply huffed as he reached for his half cup of wine and drank from it.



"Now, why the fuck would you do that?" Jace slammed his hands on the table, although it was light."Your stupid lips just kissed my glass."


He clicked his fingers toward a waitress, requesting for an extra glass.



"You're an ass. You should be thankful someone like me getsto kiss your glass. From the look of things,I don't think you get such privileges often." "Yeah,you wish."



Kael chuckled and emptied the drink.



Jace was always unnerved by this guy. He could act very cold, his mind capable of delivering the greater evil.



"Now, why did you call for me?" Kael asked as he dropped his empty glass on the table.



The waitress arrived with Jace's new glass which he started filling with the wine.



"I need your help."


"It's obvious. You wouldn't call me here for any other reason.Please,refill my glass."


Jace gave him the death glare. "I'm not your boy.You've got hands. Do it yourself."



"I fucking said please! How're you even the chairman's son? You're the complete opposite of what your father is. Seriously, I think I need to talk to him to change his son."


"And you? Do you even have a father I can talk to?"


Kael chuckled, although Jace didn't miss the dark glint in his eyes. "Look, you better fill that glass or I'm out of here." 
Jace growled low in the throat. He wished he could punch this guy so hard he wouldn't heal. But he was right. He did need his help.



Grudgingly, he refilled his glass and slid it to him.


He kept his gaze on Kael as he drank from it. "Careful.I might've poisoned it."



"Oh, you wouldn't dare."



Kael brought the wine to half before setting it down on the table.



"Okay. So,what help are we talking about?"

###Chapter 60
JACE



Jace adjusted in his seat. This was the real deal.



"I need you to help me move into Darkspire."



If Kael hadn't swallowed the drink he had in his mouth already,he'd have spilled it all over the table.



He wouldn't have been as shocked if Jace had told him he wanted to take down a certain Alpha. But moving in to Darkspire? To a different Pack? It was beyond ridiculous.



For Jace, it was very important. He was worried about Lyric and someone discovering her secret.He took the night they were supposed to elope as an instance.She had been caught and locked up by Jaris, yet he had no idea.If something bad were to happen to her while he was far away,he wouldn't have any idea until it was too late.



He needed to be close to her.



"Please, tell me you're drunk," Kael scoffed. "That's the only reasonable explanation for this madness."



"I wouldn't invite you here to drink from my glass if | wasn't serious. I'm damn serious about this, Kael."


"Well, you sound crazy. I'm not letting you into Darkspire. That's not possible."


"Why?" Jace leaned closer to the seat. "According to the laws of our Packs, a Pack is required to receive guests at anytime. Not accepting me would be discrimination and breaking the rules."



"A Pack is required to receive guests who are important and have a valid reason to be there.What is your reason,tell me. To stay close to the Alpha's mate?"



"No." Jace rubbed his hand against his face. "Believe me,Kael. Lyric and I could never be anything beyond friends. She's like a sister to me. And believe me,if l wanted her before Jaris did, I'd have gotten her. She doesn't want me either. As a matter of fact," he sighed, his face growing serious. "Lyric has never crossed my mind in that light."



Kael gave him one of his cold assessing looks. It was a look Jace hated, but it also meant he was confident his words.



"Well, let's assume you're telling the truth," he drank from his glass again. "I can't get you into Darkspire.You need to have a solid reason."



"Seriously, this is important. Lyric... she's been getting into a lot of trouble lately and needs ms around to "As much as I want to admire how protective you are as her friend, you still need a valid reason to come to Darkspire. Alpha Jaris won't approve of it unless it makes sense."



"Well, let's come up with one. Because l fucking need this to happen."


****十米米来米十



LYRIC



It was a new day. Yet, it came with the same burden.


I looked pale in the mirror, staring at my reflection wearing black corporate pants with a black top tucked into it, and my new favorite red lipstick.


Maybe I'd have looked stunning if I didn't look so sad.


On my dresser was my phone with the text clearly displayed:


"We were expecting you yesterday, Mrs. Dreadmoor.We hope we get to see you today. Please, do get back to us."


Since I discovered who I really was,I'd been troubled and contemplated quitting my new job at TCH or not.

 Jace was right. I needed to stop using my powers for everyone to see.



But what I'd been able to do was so good. I got to give life to a man who didn't have much hope.I wished I could continue doing it.


So,last night, I concluded on one thing-I didn't need to use my powers to do good. I could simply heal them with my basic knowledge and help them get better.



Grabbing my things, I headed for my car, hit the road and drove to Botanical Bliss first.


There, I got a pair of abyssal gloves. It was made for similar purposes-very thick and creating a barrier between my hands and the other person's skin. This way, I won't be siphoning anybody's powers when l touch them.



It was painful that I had to keep this side of me locked,but it was for the best. The only person I had to take care of was Xylon, and everything would be fine.


I reached TCH and headed to Guinevere's office. The woman was on a phone call when I entered.


"Lyric. You're here." She dropped the landline.


"Good morning, ma'am." I dipped my head. 
"You're quite late, I must say."


"l-I know, and I'm so sorry. Certain things came up.I just-"



"It's fine. I'm just glad you're here. Today," she stood up. "I'll be needing you to attend to a very delicate case. This man is an old time and has done a lot of good in our world. Unfortunately, he was poisoned with Kaltis, resulting in a failed heart. He is quite old,hence not healing quickly. I know you just resumed,but I have this great confidence that you can do it."



I swallowed hard, my heart beating painfully in my chest.



I can do it.



Of course, I can. If I wasn't trying to hide my true self,it'd have been a piece of cake.



I smiled to Guinevere, anyway. "Okay, ma'am." Even though I knew it was a lie.


"Good. Come, dear. I'll show you to your office."


I could tell that Guinevere was a very strict woman,yet she's been friendly with me.



She took me to my office which was qute big,well furnished with proper lightings, and very beautiful. My heart melted at the name tab on the table. 'Dr. Lyric.'


I was a doctor. Oh, damn it!


A smile spread across my face.


"That's the landline over there, and there's a book containing the various codes. You let me know if you need anything. Starting today, you'll be getting a schedule on the patients you're to attend to. I wish you the best of luck, Lyric."


I dipped my head. "Thank you, ma'am."



"Please, it's Dr. Guinevere."


My cheeks flushed as I nodded.



"I'll be taking you to your first patient by one p.m.For now just stay settled in your office." Guinevere reached the door but suddenly slept when she remembered something. "And oh, there's someone that wishes to see you, Dr.Lyric."







Thirty minutes later, the 'someone' did come. It felt good receiving a visitor for the first time in 'my' office.


But my happiness fell flat when the visitor turned out to be Alpha Zarek. Relief and anger crushed through me at once. Relief because I'd been trying to reach him for days and failing. Anger because he and Marta probably knew something I didn't.



"Lyric." He wore a small smile as he strode into the office,taking a seat.



"Alpha Zarek," I cleared my throat. "What an unexpected visit."



"Yeah."



He looked around my office, as of accessing it. "Nice place. And congrats on the job."


I ignored it. "What're you doing here?"


"Well, I've been wanting to meet you for days nowN.I was told it was you who helped my father get better and I wanted to personally thank you for it. You did a good job."



All I did was nod.



"| also wanted to ask, is there something you'd need for-"



"I didn't do it for a favour,". I cut him off, already knowing where he was headed. "But yes, maybe there's something you could dofor me." Thank goodness the idea struck my mind.


"Okay. What is it?"


"On the ninth of this month, Marta and I were in a Garden, having a discussion then, she left and I passed out from my drink. But I noticed you came into that same garden while I was still in. Do you mind explaining to me what you were doing there?"
###Chapter 61 
LYRIC



For someone as hard as Zarek, it was easy to see when he was tensed and uncomfortable.



Unfortunately, he did a good job masking it as quickly as it came. But it wasn't quick enough to fool me.


"What're you insinuating, Lyric?" He chuckled



"Alpha Zarek," I placed my hands on the desk and interlocked my fingers. "Ifyou really want to return the favour for healing your father, you should tell me the truth. What were you doing there that night?"


His face grew tender, hinting at a buried truth. He was hiding something. It was so clear now.



"I wasn't doing anything," he shrugged, his face turning to rock once more. "I actually came with my mate and wanted to see if there was a vacancy in there. You know, that is my favorite spot. But you were already there, asleep. So, all I did was leave."


Disappointment stabbed me in the heart.



I held his gaze for some time before | lowered them to my desk, separating my fingers. "Is that so?"



"Yes." His voice was thick. "You could ask my mate if you want. She was in the car, waiting, while I wvent to check."



He stood up, his chair scraping against the floor."Once again, thank you for helping my father. If you do need anything else in return, let me know."



He was out the door before I could say anything else.Why did it look like he was running away? Why wasn't I satisfied?







By one p.m. Guinevere was there to take me to my first patient. I was so nervous.


On our way, she gave me a file and briefed me on what I was expected to do.



When we reached the surgical ward, I found the patient lying there, waiting for someone to save him.Someone who was suppress to be me.


From what I'd learned so far, his case was really delicate as he needed the poison extracted from his cavity area. It was really complex and a single error could result in him dying. It would be disastrous to have his death on my hands.A patient had never died on me before. I didn't want it happening now.


There was a team of doctors watching outside,including Marta who gave me that death glare.


| focused on the patient and what I was about to do.l doned my personal gloves which I got from my lab coat. The assistants and scrub nurses also got ready.


Everything was set, but my mind wasn't. I'd never performed such surgery before. Without my siphoning powers to help me, I was scared. What if he dies on me?



A scalpel was handed to me. Yet, for more than a minute, I simply stared at it without using it.


"Doctor Lyric. Is everything okay?" I heard someone ask from the window.



I was backing the window, so they couldn't see the uncertain look in my face.



I was scared. So so scared.



Finally,my body betrayed me. My legs jerked, forcing me to stumble back. The scalpel slipped from my hand to the floor. "Ma'am, are you alright?" The assistants in the room held me.



"Lyric?" Doctor Guinevere rushed in.


She put a hand around my shoulder. "What is wrong with you?"


"I-| ddon't know. I don't feel too well." I touched my forehead.



Guinevere did same. "My goodness, you're burning up."


I was. I couldn't believe anxiety could have this effect on me.



"Please, take her to the staff Quarters. She needs to rest," Guinevere said as she handed me to a nurse.



Pain and shame held me tight. I disappointed them.


How unfortunate.







The nurse had her hand around me as she led me away from the surgical ward.


Approaching a diversion, I heard someone sobbing in the corner.



"I just hope he makes it. All he ever wanted was to see his grandchild. He's waited years, you know? And now that I'm finally pregnant, he's about to die. How do l survive this?"



When we reached the corner, I saw a young lady crying in the arms of a man around her age Something in my guts told me she was connected to the man I just abandoned.



Agony clutched me tighter in the chest as I let the nurse lead me away.







HOURS LATER.



It was dark.



The day doctors, including Guinevere had left,replaced by the night doctors. I was supposed to have left hours ago, but when Guinevere asked, I told her l was staying back to do some research.



I was very nervous about what I was about to do. This could turn bad for me, but l've come to understand that I couldn't sit back and watch someone die when I could've done something.



It was exactly eight p.m when I left my office to Mr.Owen's ward. He was still in the surgical ward.



Doctor Guinevere had told me earlier not to worry, that arrangements had been made for another doctor to perform surgery on him very early tomorrow. But it was still a risk.



TCH had the best doctors, but there were certain things that were beyond them. Things that were beyond the physical control.


With their mere hands, Mr. Owen might or might not survive, but with me, I was sure he would. So, why let them take the risk?



Despite how scared I was myself, I went into the surgical ward and gathered the tools I needed.


The man was deep asleep. Thank goodness his family wasn't around either.



I donned the normal gloves and set to work, starting with a Dreamweaver elixir to make sure his sleep continues.



It was more stressful conducting the surgery alone,but in less than two hours, I was done.



I took a deep breath of relief when I confirmed his vitals were okay.


He was fine. The surgery was successful.


Yes! I screamed in my head. I did it! I wanted to laugh out loud. Wanted to run around,screaming my progress.


But it was quite sad that I couldn't do any of that.My win stayed with me and me alone.
###Chapter 62
I headed home feeling very happy. Feeling accomplished.





I headed to my room and paused when I found someone standing outside my door. The passage was dimly lit. So, I had to go closerto get a proper view of his face.



"Jace?" | stopped in my tracks, squinting my eyes.


He pushed off from the wall where he leaned, giving me that annoying smirk of his. "Yes, my hopeless child!It is l!"



I laughed as I ran into his arms. But our hug was brief.I needed answers.



"It's-It's late. What're you doing here?" And more importantly,how does he plan on getting home?


"Yes, it's late. So, mind telling me why you're just coming home?"


"Oh, shut up, dad." I rolled my eyes. "I have a job now.Back to my question. What're you doing here?"



"Well," he shrugged. "You staring at your newest neighbor.Open the door, Ly." Wait,what? "I don't understand." | scoffed. "Please,stop with your-"



"I'm not joking. I got Kael to help me. Although," he furrowed his brows. "I still don't know what he had to say to Jaris to let me move in here."


"Hold on, Jace. Why would you move in?"


"Why else? To watch over your careless ass. You'll be here for a year. Your life is in danger at the moment.So,I need to be here to protect you when the worst happens."



My heart melted from the revelation.


"Oh, Jace," I made a pout. "You really shouldn't have bothered. I'll be fine, I promise."


"That's the exact thing people say before they get into trouble. Come on, the door."



His hand on the back of my neck,he pushed me toward the door. I chuckled and opened it.


"So, you and Kael are cool now?" I asked as I worked the keyhole.


"The moon forbid it. I was almost forced to go on my knees to beg that asshole to listen to me. I wonder how people deal with him. His type are the ones we need less in the world."



I laughed as I walked into the dark room with Jace following. I turned on the lights.



"How was your first day at TCH?" My smile dropped as soon as he asked.


I hesitated, dropping my bag on the bed before going to the dresser to take off my wristwatch.


"Boring. I was asked to heal a man but couldn't."



I refused to tell him the rest, that I snuck out and later healed him. I didn't think Jace would appreciate that.


He tapped me on the shoulder. "It's for the best, Lyric.People have been surviving before you. Let's just leave it at that."



I flashed him a wistful smile before looking away.



"Marta was clearly happy with what happened."I rolled my eyes, recalling the annoying look she had in her face."If it wouldn't have been unprofessional, I'm sure she'd have laughed."



"Marta. Who's Marta?"



"A rude, tiring lady. Jaris' baby mama."



"Oh. The mother of his twins. She works at TCH?""Unfortunately. She's actually the head doctor in my department."



"Ooh." He clicked his tongue. "And considering the fact that you're Jaris' mate, I bet she'd really make life hell for you."



"She has. Fortunately, her kids are nothing like her.They're the sweetest things I've ever met. Their birthdays are actually coming up in three weeks." I smiled, remembering when they made mention of it.



Jace clapped behind me.



A thought struck me. I turned quickly to Jace, my fingers trying to unhook my earrings. "Do you know her?"



He shook his head. "Nah. Never mether. But I do know there's someone with two kids for Jaris."



"Hm. I think she knows you, though." I told him what happened at the bar the other day. He seemed surprised.



"That's interesting." His brows were furrowed.actually never met her before. Unless I have but didn't know she was the one."



He seemed to think for some seconds. "Well, it's a good thing I'm here. I'm sure I'll get to meet her in no time."
 MARTA



Marta had extra work to do and had to stay back in the office,through the night.



When she was ready to leave and was shutting her windows, she noticed Lyric leaving.



This surprised her. It was her first day here, and she was barely seen. She shouldn't have too much work that'd require her to stay the night.



Something didn't sit right with her. Her whole act in the surgical ward...


Compelled,she followed her instincts and reached for Mr. Owen's room. She didn't even know why she was there. Lyric had clearly not been able to handle Mr.Owens earlier.Yet, Marta was compelled to check on the man.



Reaching his ward, she found the man asleep.Peacefully,so.


She went closer, inspecting him, and that was when she noticed the stitches on his chest.



"What?" She breathed. She ran her finger along the stitches, feeling how fresh they were.



It looked like a joke. Surgery had been done by the man. But by who? He wasn't scheduled for surgery until the next day.



In a few minutes, she was seated in front of the hospital's footage system. Normally, sha wasn't supposed to have access to those. But Marta had been in TCH for way too long to have her way with the tech men.



One of them stood by while she went through the footage. It didn't come as a shock when she saw Lyric entering the man's ward that evening. She already suspected it. But confirming it caused her a little unease.



She couldn't see what went on in the surgical ward,but Lyric stayed long enough for the surgery to be done. And when she was done and came out,she looked satisfied.



Unease prickled at her neck. How on earth did Lyric perform such complicated surgery on her own? And why did she do it in secret? It didn't make any sense.
###Chapter 63
JARIS



I had an early day at the office.


But before leaving, I decided to check on the kids.I'd returned very late last night and couldn't see them.


Reaching their door, I heard her voice. I slowed my steps,her voice bringing me the usual discomfort.



Seeing and hearing her was the constant reminder of what she does to my body. It was something I hated and wished I could get rid of.


I opened the doors and as soon as my presence was seen,she stopped talking.


She had been sitting on the edge of the bed, applying something on Xylon's chest and massaging. She's always been quite good with the kids. Which was why it puzzled me that she had plans of leaving.


'I know you might not believe it, but Xylon is the reason you caught me in the first place. And I intend to stay and finish my job on him. I chuckled. I can't abandon a soul like that. Never.'


Her words from two days stuck with me. Could there be any truth to that?



"Daddy!" Xyla ran to me, hugging me.



Xylon looked like he'd have the done same had Lyric not been holding him on the bed. But he smiled and waved at me.



"How was youur night?" I tousled Xyla's hair and went close to do the same to Xylon's. This brought me uncomfortably close to Lyric.



I noticed her lick her lips before she said, "Good morning,Alpha."


I simply gave her a curt nod before returning my gaze to Xyla who started talking. "You came home late,dad.Xylon and I waited to see you, but you didn't show up until we fell asleep in your room."



Fell asleep in my room. For some reason, I found that cute.



"Sorry, pumpkin. I had to take care of certain things.Are you done with your list?" I asked them to make an unlimited list of what they wanted for their birthdays.


"Not yet. Aunty Lyric is helping us with it."


I glanced at Lyric, our eyes locking for the briefest moments before she quickly looked away, like there was fire in mine. I've noticed the kids were freer with Lyric than they were with their mother. It was surprising.


She stood up, grabbing her things along. She gave a rare soft smile to Xylon as she helped himn sit up.



"Remember to take the meds when you get home from school, ok<ay?"



He nodded happily.


"Bye, Xyla." She tousled Xyla's hair.


How did she do that? Be so sweet to the kids, I mean.She often gave them smiles she didn't give to just anyone. And in return, the kids were sweet with her.



Her smile dropped when she faced me. Dipping her head,she headed for the door.


I was aware she'd almost passed out in the surgical ward yesterday. The sane me would've asked if she was alright.


But I didn't care. It'd be insane to care.


So,I let her leave.



****十＊＊＊＊＋



GUINEVERE


Arriving TCH that morning, Guinevere was headed to the President's office when Nina, Owen's granddaughter, ran to her with tear-filled eyes.



At first, Guinevere was scared, thinking something had happened to the man. But then she noticed the pregnant girl smiling.



"Oh, thank you. Thank you so much, Guinevere.You don't know what this means to us," Nina said as she pulled her into a hug.



The woman was taken by surprise. Her hands on both sides of the girl's shoulders, she pulled her away.


"What're you talking about, Kinky? I don't think l follow."She always called the girl her pet name from when she was a kid.



"I'm talking about grandpa! He's fine! The surgery was performed on him last night."



Guinevere felt like she'd just been told that the sun was pink.


That shouldn't be possible. Mr. Owens wasn't scheduled for surgery until that morning.


She followed Nina to his room and was shocked to see that it was true. The man was indeed better and laughing like he didn't have a care in the world.He was even happy to see Guinevere. She asked him some questions concerning his surgery, but he told her he had been asleep and didn't know anything of the doctor that had saved him.



When Guinevere left his room, she went straight for the tech room. It was delightful that Owens was okay now, but it was shocking that a doctor would operate on the man without informing anyone.


She gained access to the cameras from the tech guys and watched the footage with surprise. She saw someone go into Owen's ward at night. Someone she knew quite right but didn't expect would do something like that.







MARTA



Marta and Lyric arrived TCH the same time. Although,they kept a good distance between them and didn't communicate.



They were on the ground floor, walking toward the elevator when Guinevere approached them.


She stopped in front of Marta. "Doctor Monroe. I need you in my office.Now."


Her tone was strict this morning. Marta followed her to the office and took a seat when she told her to.



"Care to explain what you did?" Guinevere clasped her hands on the table.



Marta rose her brows. "Sorry?"


"I'm talking about Mr. Owen. You performed the surgery on him!" She scoffed. "It was meant to be performed this morning by a team of doctors. How did you do it on your own?"



Marta lowered her eyes to her legs.


"Marta, that's incredible. I'm glad you're able to pull this off. I'm just surprised you didn't tell anyone about it."



"I-I know. I guess I didn't want to bother the rest of you."


Guinevere went on, telling her about how pleased she was.



"Thank you, ma'am. But could we keep this between us for now? I wouldn't want the others to know I can perform this surgery on my own." She requested.



Guinevere furrowed her brows in surprise. "Why?"


"Well, you know how it is. I'm still trying to get better with the lone surgeries."


She wanted to understand Lyric first. Wanted to know how she's able to do the things she does all by herself.


"Right. I understand." Guinevere nodded. "But good job,Marta. Please keep it up."

###Chapter 64
 LYRIC


Work was extremely boring today. All I did was check patients' vitals. Guinevere thought I still wasn't strong enough and didn't give me any complex work to handle.



I was exhausted at the end of my shift. All I wanted was a good shower and a long sleep. But when l reached home, Kael approached me just before I'd open my door.


"Alpha Jaris wants you to accompany him to a meeting. It's in an hour." He told me after welcoming me.



What!?



"I-I don't think that'll be possible. I just go back and I'm -"



"I tried to tell him you'd be exhausted, but he insisted."



No. No way.


I stormed off, heading to his office. But he wasn't there. I went to his room instead, my mind storming like a cyclone. He ushered me in when I knocked on his door. I didn't like the idea of being alone with him in his bedroom,but I didn't have a choice.


He was rocking something on his table when i walked in.



"Good evening, Alpha." I was doing all I could to sound normal to keep the anger at bay just yet.


He merely glanced at me before looking away. "I believe Kael has passed the information across?"


"Yes! And I came to tell you that won't be possible.I just got back from the hospital, and I'm beyond exhausted!" You could be exhausted when you keep worrying.



Jaris sighed, his expression like one being pestered."I thought we had an understanding, Lyric. You're to accompany me to meetings and events. Or was l supposed to include 'without complaints' in the contract?"



There was something about the way he spoke that always unnerved me. He had the uncanny ability to drop bombshells of annoyance, all while maintaining a serenity that would make Buddha proud.


My anger heightened. "Well, the least you can do is inform me on time. I'm not a robot, Alpha. I have feelings and I get tired."


He continued with whatever it was he was doing on the table.



His silence was frustrating.


"Why don't you just take someone else?" I moved my hands up and down in exhaustion. Afterall, you took Marta to the Rhys' party.



He didn't say anything, only grating on my nerves.I soon realized what his silence meant.



Tears stung at the corner of my eyes. "This isn't fair.It's really not."



I stormed out of the room.







In less than an hour, I was fully dressedand went downstairs to meet Jaris.


Turned out he wasn't down yet. So, I had to wait for him. How funny that I was always doing the waiting.


I huffed as I took a seat. I was irked at the absurdity of attending such a ludicrous meeting. If only I had a choice.



Finally, 'the arrogant king' joined me.I rolled my eyes as I stood up and headed for the door. But | didn't miss the way his eyes lingered on my dress


Well, I was sure looking good in my ankle-length purple dress. My hair was flowing on my shoulders,and I had my red lipstick on.



We both got in the car. Kael drove while Nerion took the front passenger seat. And in no time, we hit the road.







I kept glaring out the window, feeling so mad that was sitting next to him right now and couldn't do anything. He was busy with his system and didn't seem to care about me.


We stopped at a traffic light, awaiting the pedestrians to cross over. Someone caught my attention;someone that made my heart stop in my chest.


My eyes widened in shock as the name escaped my lips."Penelope?"


She was right there, crossing over with the pedestrians.It looked like a dream to me.



For close to five years, I've been looking for her.I've been longing to know where my kids were buried. And now,she was right there! "Penelope!" I called again, louder this time, my hands on the windows.



Of course, she couldn't hear me. The car was soundproofed and tinted black.


Jaris and the others must be looking at me right now like I'd lost my mind. But I didn't care. Before I could stop myself, I opened the door and jumped out of the car.
###Chapter 65
LYRIC



"Lyric!" Jaris shouted my name, but I didn't spare him a glance.


Penelope was already across the road. It was her-short brown hair, body like a model even though she was an advanced woman.


Back when I was with her, I always let her know she was very beautiful.


It was a struggle crossing over to the other side of the road. I jostled against the crowd and managed to get over, but Penelope was already getting into a car.



No.



"Penelope!" | screamed.


But I didn't think she heard me. She wouldn't even look at me.



I tried to make my way toward her, but the crowd kept acting as a painful barrier, slowing me down.


My heart crashed over as I watched her car start moving. 
She was getting away. I was going to lose her!


The realization made me want to cry.


I continued struggling with the crowd but was forced to stop when a strong hand wrapped around my elbow,pulling me back.


"Lyric!" Jaris called with sternly. He looked pissed."What the hell are you doing?"


I shook my gead, turning back to Penelope. But I was too late. Her car was gone.



My eyes shone with tears as my loss registered in me.I lost her. After five years, I was so close for the first time.I wanted to know where my kids were.



"I need an explanation, Lyric. Why did you just run off like that? Do you realize how dangerouus it is? And who the hell is Penelope?" Jaris' harsh grip on me reminded me that he was pissed.


My lips parted but no words formed. All I could think about was the fact that I lost Penelope.


He took-or rather dragged-me back to the car. With every will in me, I fought back my tears. We still had the meeting to attend to. I couldn't ruin my face.


Kael and Nerion had also been out of the car but came back in with Jaris and me. Jaris turned on his seat to face me.



"Now, give me a damn explanation!" He rasped.



I closed my eyes, inhaling deeply and refusing to urge to sink my claws into my hair. It'd ruin my look.


"I'm sorry." I finally found something to say.


"You're going to have to do better than that. Who's Penelope? Who were you after?"



I looked him in the eye and a helpless tear finally came through. But it was just one.


Oh, Jaris. How do I tell him I was only fighting for our dead kids? To know where they'd been laid to rest so I could pay them visits.



Finding Penelope was beyond just finding my babies ' grave. I wanted to make up for all the pain I went through when I lost them.



I had nearly lost my mind and was so desperate to have them in my arms again. It was worse than a drug.


It hurt to do this alone. To know I was all alone.


"Please," I drew in a deep breath as I looked away."Can we just... Can we just go?" Jaris gave me a long stare. But after that, Kael started the car and we were back on the road.



I took my eyes to the window as I wiped the lone tear from my face.


****十＊＊＊＊＋


JARIS



No matter how hard I tried, it seemed I could never understand Lyric Harper.



I was confused by how panicked her jumping out of the car made me. Seeing her running there with her gown and heels while the cars got ready to hit the road made my stupid heart race.


Nobody should have this effect on me. And yet, I ran after her without a second thought.



I didn't see who she was after. Heck, there were too many people on the road. But this Penelope must be important enough for her to risk her life.



I fisted my hands, trying to remain calm as we drove to the meeting hall.


Only the Sovereign Alphas were present for the meeting. If I could have my way, I wouldn't come to these meetings at all. But what could an aspiring Alpha King do?



Lyric sat beside me, same way the Lunas of the other Alphas sat beside their men.


There were some shitty Alphas I wished I didn't have to see. People like Zarek and his mate, Chloe.


And of course,Lyric's shitty ex-Roderick.


He was with another woman-Nora, Lyric's sister.Looks like they both ended up together.


But it didn't look like the bastard had moved on yet as he kept glaring at Lyric and I. Like his glares could cause me any harm.



My eyes drifted toward Lyric from time to time. Her body was the only thing present. I doubted she couuld hear a single thing being said in this place or even acknowledge anyone.



She looked pale and a little shaken, her fingers interlocked under the table. Her eyes, they looked distant. I'd never seen Lyric this way before. Who the fuck was this Penelope woman? What did she mean to her?



After an excruciating couple of hours, the meeting finally came to an end. I had this stupid urge to grab Lyric's arm and pull her to her feet. But like I said, it was stupid. So, I didn't do it. She was not a baby. She could very much walk by herself.



I noticed she looked relieved as soon as we reached the car, like she didn't have to pretend anymore.


"Are you ready to talk now? Can you tell me who this woman is?" | demanded, a little calmer.


I didn't want to explode on her. She looked too pale,I doubted she'd be able to take any of it.


Yet, she still wouldn't utter a word. And it was getting on my nerves.



Exhaling a deep breath, I ordered Kael to drive us home.

###Chapter 66
JARIS



My mother came in not long after I got into my bedroom. I was almost tempted to order her to leave.This woman hardly came with good news



She asked customary questions like how my day went before dropping the unnerving reason she was there.



"Your sister ran away."



I was taking off my jacket and paused when her words reached me.



"But they managed to find her," she adds,calming me the hell down.



For Moon sake, she couldn't have said that sooner?


"Good," I mumbled, undoing my buttons next.


"But she wants to come home, and the asylum's thinking of releasing her.



Like this couldn't get any worse.


"Mother, please." I whirled around to face her. "I honestly can't deal with Maddy right now."Remove a 'd' and the 'y' form her name and you'll have mad. And it wasn't even an insult. She really was mad.



"I know, Jaris. But-"



"The last thing I need right now is Maddy on my neck.You know how it is with both of us."



She never shuts up about our brother. I can't deal with her.


"But she's been away for so long. I've missed her, Jaris.I want her home."



"You can visit her anytime you want. There's no restriction."



"I know. But it's not like having her here at home."


I closed my eyes as I held onto the table for support.I couldn't do this. I was so close to losing my mind.


"Maddy isn't coming home. With the Alpha King trials coming up, the last time I need is her kind of distraction. You know what she does to me when she's around."



"Oh, Jaris..." She grumbled.


Really, what is so hard to understand?

 
"She's not coming home, Mother at least, not now.I have things to do. Please."


I proceeded to take off my jewelry.


Mother spent a little more time in the room, silent.Then she huffed and left.







I took a shower and had a few more things to cover before retiring to bed. I was in the middle of work when Kael showed up, bringing more work to my table.


"She's at the bar. Drunk."



I didn't even need to ask to know who he was referring to. And it was exhausting that I was already so accustomed to the one person that was a pain in the ass.



"For how long now?" I stared down at the table as I asked.



"Since we got back. She left her room almost immediately and had been there ever since."


I growled low in the throat. Seriously, what was it with her always getting drunk?



I stood up with a grunt and in a couple of minutes,l was at the entrance of the bar. 
The place was a little filled up. It was night, and this was when most people had the time to make merry.



But Lyric was alone, asleep on the counter.


The light chatters of the people died down the moment they saw me. They stood up immediately,some going on their knees.


I strode up to Lyric, getting a clearer view of her face.She was sleeping with her lips slightly open and drooling. She looked like a fucking child.


I huffed. This girl has been a pest from the moment l saw her.



Kael stepped beside me. "Do you want me to carry her? Or should I simply wake her up?"


Huh? Wake a drink Lyric to walk on her own in front of all these people? It'd be beyond embarrassing.


"I'll do it." I ground my teeth.


As I gently lifted her head from the table and pulled her backward to my arms, I told myself I was only doing this to create a good impression. I wasn't the type that gave shit about people's opinions, but these were my people. A lot of them already thought I was wrong for arriving late to the mating ceremony-so late that all the guests had left, thinking the ceremony was over.



Maybe carrying Lyric in my arms wvould placate their thoughts. Or that's just what I wanted to believe.


I glanced at her face as I carried her in bridal style.Her hair was all over her face, further making her look wasted.She mumbled something but didn't even open her eyes.


She looked so innocent. Like she did most of the time.



Walking out of the bar with her, my mind drifted to the first day I'd seen her. She had been standing right next to her father, having those doe unsullied eyes like she couldn't hurt a fly and was afraid of getting hurt in return. I could still remember how shocked and nervous she looked when I walked into the room, and the quick disappointment that crossed her face when I walked out on them without uttering a word. She must've been really hurt.



But it was just like they said: the innocent ones could be the most dangerous.


I reached her room and laid her in bed. I couldn't begin to imagine the hangover she'd get in the morning from being this way.


I brushed some messy hair stands from her face,my fingers grazing her skin. She seemed to relax and mumble something under her breath. She was still unconscious. I wonder what must be going through her head.



Her hand gripped the collar of my shirt when I didn't expect. Her head tilted slightly, and this time, when she murmured, I could make out the words. "Please,stay."


My brows scrunched up in surprise. Could this have something to do with Penelope? Who was that woman,and what hold does she have over Lyric?


"You always leave," she slurred the words. "You always leave, Jaris." She tugged at the fabric, bringing me closer to her face. My chest was just barely an inch from her face. What in the moon's name was she doing?



More to my surprise, she buried her nose in my shirt,moaning softly.


Lyric Harper. She was talking about me. She called my name.


This did nothing to ease my confusion. What did she mean by that statement?



I pulled back so her face was free of my chest as l didn't want her to suffocate herself or something However, she only moaned from the loss. She squirmed on the bed, tilting her head up. She murmured more incoherent words under her breath.It was tiring.


I tried to pull away but her hand found my shirt again,pulling me back to her.


"Damn it," I cursed.



And I knew she wasn't the problem. She was drunk and defenseless. I could easily escape her grip if I wanted.Yet,here I was, allowing myself to be dragged by her.


'This isn't you, Jaris', my subconscious told me, trying to warn me that I was doing something stupid.


I should push myself away from her. Leave this room and go away.


Instead, I wanted to touch her face.Wanted to bury my fingers in my hair and inhale that fucking apple shampoo fragrance. I wanted to claim her lips and feel her body against mine.


This body.



This very one that had been grating on my nerves.


For the first time in as long as I could remember, my heartbeat accelerated. This was not right. Nothing ever fazed me. Yet, the prospect of being alone in a semi dark room with Lyric Harper was enough to take me out of ease.


Time moved sluggishly. Her lips were parted,begging for an invite.


'She's drunk, Jaris,' the evil subconscious said. 'She won't remember any of these by morning.


It was right. And even if it wasn't, even if there was a chance that she could wake up and remember whatI did to her, I didn't care anymore.


'It's just a taste.'



I crashed my lips on hers.
###Chapter 67

JARIS



She gaspoed, a light exhale escaping her.


The strong smell and taste of alcohol coated my tongue-Château Margaux,specifically. But other than that,she tasted mighty fine.


'It's just a taste.'



My hand gripped the back of her head, pulling her up to meet my kiss.


For someone who was drunk, she took it quite well.And fuck, it was beyond good.



It felt like a brainquake, shaking up my thoughts in the most exhilarating way


'It's just a taste.'


My hand flexed around her throat. If she wasn't so drunk, I'd have choked her. But that wouldn't be too good now,would it?



I moved the hand downward until I reached the hem of her dress. 'It's just a taste.'


Yet, I couldn't stop my fingers when they moved beneath her dress, caressing bare skin.


I pulled away from her lips to mutter a 'fuck.' Because that was exactly how I felt right now.


All I wanted was a fucking taste of her lips, yetl couldn't get enough. Because Lyric's lips were fucking addictive.



She tasted like the first sip of warm cocoa on a winter's night, rich and comforting. It was a mental marvel.



She moaned deeply, throwing her arms around my neck.



"Jaris..." Her voice was like a soft caress of sugar spun cotton, wrapping around me in warmth. Damn it. This woman was going to sound good in bed.



To my surporise, she rocked her hips to meet mine. She was desperate for this. Desperate for me.


I let my fingers wander further beneath her dress.I reached her thigh-the thick soft flesh-and there was nothing I didn't do to resist giving it a tight squeeze.


In the end,I failed. 
She released a breathy moan, her hand tightening around my shoulders. Had she been as horny for me like | was this whole time? This was a fucking discovery.


I know I should stop this. Not because it was wrong-hell, I'd never entirely care for right and went in my life-but because I shouldn't want her this way. Not after what she'd done to me.



Yet, I let my fingers keep wondering, all the way to her underwear, until it was beneath it, too.


She exhaled slowly, throwing her head back.She may be drunk, but she was clearly enjoying this. And something about that fact just fueled my needs.


Scorching shivers raced across my flesh, sending heat radiating from head to toe when my fingers found her core. I froze for a moment, letting it sink in.


I was touching Lyric Harper. Intimately.



Lyric might not be the only one that'd wake up to a change tomorrow. By morning, I'll ask myself what the fuck I just did.



But for now,however,I was lost.



I let out a low growl as I rubbed against her clit while nuzzling my lips against her cheek. She was soaking

 wet!



I was painfully hard. All I wanted was to pull out of my pants and claim Lyric right now, on this bed.


Before I could think better of it, I thrust a finger into her. She gasped, a small startled thing


I bet this wouldn't be her reaction if she was fully conscious right now.



She whimpered, her chest rising and falling in a slow pace.



Fuck,how was she so tight? She squeezed around my finger, her wetness coating me.



Sweat beaded my forehead as I imagined my dick replacing my finger. Imagine moving in a cunt this tight and wet. It'd be pure bliss.


I added another finger and fucked her, drawing small cries of pleasure from her. My eyes devoured her,all my nerves tingled to life, each one pulsating with vibrant energy.



I took her lower lip between my teeth and bite. She whimpered and I sucked right on it.


I did the same to her upper lip, then moved my lips to her throat where I kissed the hollows of her neck. 'Stop this, Jaris!'


No! It was too addictive!



I was pissed at the knowledge that I could do this all day. Nobody should have this effect on me. Nobody at all.



It was a weakness.



Her fingers dug into my back as her moans turned deeper. But they could hardly cause any harm considering the fact that I was wearing a shirt, and her moves were weak.



But I knew she wasn't doing it to get me off her. Like me,the pleasure was too much for her to handle.


"Oh, please..." she whimpered. "Don't... stop."


I recognized the sound of that. She was close to the top.


It was all the encouragement I needed.


I fastened my pace, rolling my thumb against her clit.In seconds, she exploded on my fingers, her cries loud enough to startle the shadows and make the night blush.



My own breathing got harsher, and before I could hit the brakes on my impulses, I sank my teeth into her neck, giving her a small bite.


Shit, no! The realization struck me like lightning.


I shouldn't have done that. It'd leave a mark.


She whimpered beneath me, coming down from her high.


When I wrenched my fingers free, she took a deep breath.



She was satiated. But I wasn't. No, I was far from it.



I wanted my cock to replace where my fingers had been. I wanted to feel her tight around me. I wanted to take her until she'd have to beg me to stop.


But that would be going too far. Not because it was wrong. But because I didn't want to.


So,despite how hard it was, I peeled myself off her,climbing off the bed.


"Jaris..." she breathed. She was more relaxed now,her body well spent. She'd probably have to skip work tomorrow 'cause I wasn't sure she was waking up anytime soon.


I brushed my fingers into my hair. The weight of everything crashed on me at once. It wasn't just what I did but what I still wanted to do,and if I stayed here any longer, I feared I'd really do it.


I stomped out of the room. Kael was right there, and even if he didn't say the words, he gave me those judgy eyes.


I ignored him and went to my room, slammed the door shut and hurried to the bathroom.



I shouldn't have done this. Not to Lyric. Not to the woman who had hurt and betrayed me when no one else would dare.



My erection came into my hand. The image of her beneath me and at the mercy of my pleasure to filled my head.


This time, the vision was more potent. More detailed.All it took was four jerks and I came in my hand.


I hissed, my hand holding onto the wall above me for support.



This was nothing like I'd felt before. The orgasm was explosive.
###Chapter 68

LYRIC



"Lyric. Lyric! Wake up, sleepyhead!" There was a rough tap against my shoulder.


My eyes fluttered open but quickly went shut from the light that nearly blinded me.


"Open your damn eyes, will you?"


I could recognize Jace's' voice from anywhere.



I opened my eyes again and tried to adjust to the brightness in the room.


"The windows," I mumbled. "Close them."


"No. They're staying open until you get your ass out of bed. Why are you still asleep? What are you,a toddler?"



My hand went over my forehead, feeling how hot it was. Was I running a temperature right now?



"My head..." I moaned.


It hurt. If I didn't know better, I'd think a party was taking place in it. "Of course, that is what happens when you stay up drinking into the night."


I managed to look at Jace. He was standing at the foot of the bed, scowling at me like he was a parent.


I sat up, dragging the duvet to my chest.


What happened...?


"What time is it?" I swallowed past the lump in my throat.



"One p.m, ma'am."



What!?



My eyes widened like saucers.



No!



That would explain why the sun was so bright.


"Jace! I'm supposed to be at TCH!"


"Well, I'm not the alcohol you drank. And if I hadn't come in now, you'd still be sleeping youur ass off."


I scrambled out of bed, only to find my legs slightly shaky. Then, it hit me-the discomfort between my legs. "What..." I couldn't form any words as I lowered myself on the edge of the bed.



Jace's brows scrunched up in concern. "What is it?"


"I don't... I don't know."


Suddenly, it came crashing on me-fragments of my dream.



It was unclear, but I was very sure it was Jaris. He was here with me, in my bed,touching me.


I shivered at the thought.



No. It wasn't possible. It was the second time I was having such weird dreams of Jaris. And that was what it was.Weird.



But today was different. Today, I could feel the discomfort in my legs.


I put my hand over my belly. It was almost as if I could still feel his touch.



"Lyric?" Jace held my shoulder.


I took a deep breath. "I'm fine. I just... I just need to make a call."



I didn't even know what I was going to say to my superior. I fidgeted with the neck of my dress as I stood by the window and made the call. I couldn't believe l actually slept in this dress.


I sucked in a breath when Guinevere picked the call.


"Uh... Hi, ma'am. I am- I'm so sorry. I know | was supposed to be there this morning. I was actually unwell and had to...."



I tumbled out an explanation. Goodness, I felt incompetent. I'd been so clumsy at work of late.



"It's fine, Lyric. You can actually take the day off,"Guinevere replied, surprising me.



Huh!?


"Oh," I tucked some strands of hair behind my ear.


Guinevere didn't look like someone who would tell you to take the day off when you call to apologize for coming late. How was I being lucky?


I thanked her and brushed my fingers through my hair when the call ended.



"Are you alright?" Jace asked from behind,clearly noticing my discomfort.


No, I wasn't. I was so restless. Deliciously so.Something didn't feel right with me. Still,I lie as I walked into the bathroom. "I'm fine."



It was even worse being in the bathtub. Each time l closed my eyes, I could feel his lips against mine, his hands touching me. Caressing me intimately.


It was even worse than the dream I had in that garden.This one felt real. Too real.


A grunt left my throat when I touched my clit. It didn't feel normal.



But I knew it wasn't possible. Nobody would dare touch me in here.


Although...how did I even end up in my bedroom last night? Who helped me?


Jace was no longer in the room when I returned.I looked for something simple to wear and was brushing my hair in the mirror when my eyes fell on the mark on my neck.



I gasped, my brush falling from my hand to the table.



No way!


I moved my hair aside to have an unrestricted view.There was a red mark on my neck, like teeth had sunk into it.



Dread pooled in my stomach. I might not be mistaken. Someone might've truly been here.


With shaky fingers, I tied my hair and stormed out of the room.



I was in the bar in no time, standing in front of the bartender who had become friendly with me. He'd been showing he a lot of respect since I became Luna,and coupled with the fact that he was a nice guy, it wasn't difficult becoming semi-friends with him.


"I know I passed out in myseat. Who took me?" My voice was raw with impatience.


The bartender looked hesitant before releasing the name. "Kael. I'm sure the Alpha must have ordered him to do so."



My throat tightened.



Kael took me to my room. And right after, I was touched.



No. Kael wouldn't do this to me. He didn't strike me like the kind of man...right?


I looked for him and met him in the gym. Of course,he was a gym lover. It was how he had so many muscles and a finely-tuned body.


He dipped his head when I stood beside him. But I wasn't there for pleasantries. "I was told it was you who helped me from the bar.What happened when you took me to my room?"



I didn't want to spell the question out to him.I understood how overwhelming it could be when someone gets accused of something they're not guilty of.


He furrowed his brows, seeming surprised. "Nothing.I laid you in bed and left. And nobody went into your room,either."



He sounded honest. Kael was an honest man. I didn't even know why I suspected him.


It just didn't feel right. Or was this mark on my neck merely a coincidence? Were the memories of someone touching me only a coincidence? Was it normal to have such vivid sex dreams?







The following morning, as I bathed for work,something strange happened.



For the first time, I did something I never thought I'd do.



My head was thrown back against the tub, my eyes closed as my fingers traveled to my core. My weird dream from the other night filled my head,sending shivers down my spine.


I was touched. In a good way.


And not just by anyone but Jaris.


Of course, it was him. His smell was unmistakable.



I could still hear his voice in my head from the one time he moaned.



His smell was intoxicating and delicious. His broad body on mine felt so good.


And when he touched me,right where I was touching myself,it was the best feeling.



I fastened my pace, rubbing my clit to the memory of my dream. My mouth fell open as I struggled to breathe. I came at the same time I did in my dream,and a scream filled the bathroom.



Holy smokes!



I was exhausted when I climbed down from my high.I couldn't even lift a finger.


This didn't make any sense. How could I come to the mere memory of this dream. Of something that wasn't real. But as I brushed my hair in front of the mirror, my fingers grazed the fading mark on my neck. The one thing that felt real.


My eyes were sad in the mirror as I reminded myself it wasn't possible. Jaris hated me and would never touch me this way. I was clearly the one with issues who wouldn't stop dreaming of him.



What was wrong with me?
###Chapter 69
LYRIC



My day at TCH was going fine.


I had surgery in two hours, but before then, I was excited to see Xylon who had come for his monthly check up.


I had my client's file in my hand and examined it as l headed to Xylon's room. It was the patient I'd be performing surgery on in a couple of hours. There was a lot I had to catch up on in his file.


"Hi, aunty!" Xyla's sweet voice reached my ears from the bed when I walked into the room.


She ran into me before I even got the chance to look at her.


"Hi, baby," I laughed, patting her on the back.


I lifted my eyes to look for Xylon and my smile dropped, sinking low into my stomach in a way that hurt.



My hands dropped to my sides, my eyes quickly darting to the floor. No one had mentioned he was here. I didn't brace myself for it."G...Good morning." I'd never dipped my head so clumsily before.



Lyric,please.


Unlike me who was suddenly flustered, Jaris was effortlessly calm as he sat on the edge of the bed,next to Xylon whose vitals were being checked by a nurse.



"Lyric." He gave a curt nod.


I tried to look at him but failed. I'd never been so nervous around Jaris. What was wrong with me?



My dream chose the wrong time to crash on me.Suddenly, seeing him in the room made it feel more real.



Touching me.Kissing me.Making me feel good.


I closed my eyes, shaking my head.


"Are you alright, aunty?" Sweet Xyla asked, snapping me back to reality.



Goodness.



"Of course, darling. I was just calculating something,"I stroked her hair.


Jaris' eyes were on me. I wasn't staring at him, but I could feel his eyes on me.


Coughing to clear the lump in my throat, I moved forward,going to meet Xylon. Unfortunately,however,it brought me closer to Jaris.



I did my best to ignore the fact that we were in close proximity.


"How're you doing, boy?" I tickled his ear, making him giggle.


Gods, his giggles were the cutest thing! How could one child be so adorable?



I chat a little with the kids until Xylon's checkup was done. I asked the nurse how he was and got a positive feedback from her.



Whatever I was doing with him at home was working.I had to keep it up.



I had my hand wrapped around XyLa's shoulder as we walked out of the room, Xylon and his father behind us.



"Okay. I have to get back to work. See you soon?"|dropped to a crouch before the kids.



"We could play Charades!" Xyla said excitedly.


Charades was a new game we had grown to love. "Sure! Get ready to cry 'cause I'll be winning today," I teased her.



"Xyla and I...won you the last time." Xylon answered,melting my heart.


He rarely spoke that when he did, it was a pleasure getting to hear him.


A nurse showed up behind me. "Excuse, ma'am.Your attention is needed."



I bleed to her before turning back to the kids. "So,make sure you're good.See you soon."


As I turned to leave, I made the mistake of glancing at Jaris.


Oh, I shouldn't have done that, because my body did that stupid thing where it reacted to my dream.


I also caught a glimpse of amusement in his face.He must be surprised that I was so good with the kids.


Well,even me was surprised. And it hurt me to know I'd have been a good mother had my own kids been alive.







It was thirty minutes to the surgery. I was walking alongside an assisting doctor, headed to the surgical ward while we both went through the process.


My steps came to a sudden pause when I found an unpleasant sight before me. It wasn't supposed to be unpleasant, yet I felt this twinge in my guts.


Before me, Marta, Jaris and the kids walked,heading toward the exit. Marta was talking to Jaris. I couldn't make out what was being said, but Jaris listened to her attentively.


They stopped at the revolving doors, and to my horror, Marta lifted her hands to his collars, arranging it.


She did that in public! In front of so many people.


Jaris was backing me, so I couldn't seehis reaction.But it must be something she was used to, otherwise,she wouldn't do it in public.


The agony took a jab at my heart.



Suddenly, so many eyes were on me, including the doctor standing beside me.



The situation was awkward. I, his mate,was standing aside while another woman fixed his collar for everyone to see.



Well,she wasn't just any woman. She was the mother of his kids! What was wrong with me? Like everyone else, Marta's eyes locked on mine.I expected the victorious smile that spread on her face.


Jaris lowered her hands from his shirt, then walked out the door with the kids. He didn't even turn for one second to look around. He probably had no idea I'd seen that.



The damage had already been done,coming with the painful realization that Marta was more important to Jaris than I was. Even on the night we got mated, he spent it with her.



Yet, it was I who wouldn't stop having these stupid dreams.



"Doctor Lyric? We should get going." The young doctor beside me brought me back to reality.


I blinked rapidly, shaking the thoughts off.
###Chapter 70
LYRIC



My patient was sick with Chrono-Flux Displacement and had been in this condition for eleven years.



Despite our strong immune system as wolves, there were still some unbeatable sicknesses and poisons.It was sad that some people even ended up losing their lives.



The team was ready when I walked into the ward.Guinevere and two other doctors stood outside the window,watching.



This was my second chance. I couldn't mess it up like I did the first time. The doctors woud definitely lose faith in me.



I stayed up late, rehearsing every process. I was wearing my abyssal gloves today as I didn't want to make contact. I won't be siphoning the man's sickness,but at least, the surgery would be successful.


I started the process, praying deeply not to panic like the last time.



Please,Lyric. You have to get this right. After an hour, the surgery ended.


It wasn't until I dropped my suture that I realized it was successful. I didn't flinch!


I laughed happily as I looked at the window. Outside,Marta had joined the doctors watching me.



Guinevere looked pleased.


Yes! I did it!



The patient would definitely take longer to heal compared to if I'd touched him, but he'd be fine.Even without me siphoning his sickness.


"Congratulations, Lyric. That was awesome,"Guinevere said when I walked out of the ward.



I dipped my head and headed for the restroom where I got rid of my gloves and washed my hands.


I felt better. Not entirely happy, but better.



I was headed for my office and was about to round a corner when I heard voices. More importantly,I heard my name.


"I'm telling you, he doesn't fee a thing for her. Marta is the one with kids for him. She's more important than Lyric," a female voice said.


"You're right. But why didn't he just make Marta his Luna,then? Sure, Lyric is prettier, but Marta is also very beautiful. She's intelligent. Hardworking. I'm sure she'd have made a better Luna."



A knot of nausea coiled tightly within me, twisting in protest against the unsettling things I heard.


"Do you think Lyric forced herself on him?" A new voice asked. "I mean, Jaris is the most powerful Alpha.Even I would throw myself at him at the slightest chance. Do you think it's possible Lyric's family was so power hungry,they forced her on him?"


"It makes sense. It'd explain why he was so late even to his own mating ceremony."


"Gosh. She's so shameless. How does she feel now that she's with a man who might never love her?"


My mind spun, overwhelmed by the relentless barrage of assumptions crashing around me. I couldn't believe this was what I'd been reduced to-someone who forced herself on Jaris?



The words cut through me, hurting as much as it did when I'd been called ugly all those years.


I stepped into the corner, letting them see me. The conversation stopped abruptly. There was an initial The three of them were fellow doctors like me.I couldn't believe they could hang around and gossip about someone who had been nice to them.



Of course, I'd been nice. I always greeted them with warm smiles when we bumped into each other. I've always admired them from afar. How could they be so cruel?



"Aren't there better things to do instead of hanging around and saying things that are of no concern to you?"



"Excuse me?" One of them scoffed. Kayla. She was the one I'd admired most among the trio. "We were only having a conversation. Don't you think it was wrong to have eavesdropped, Mrs. Dreadmoor?"



I didn't miss the way she called the second name with mockery. I put my hands into the pockets of my lab coat so I could fist them without them seeing. I didn't want them to see the effect they had on me.



The other two-Margot and Celine-simply gawked at me without any ounce of remorse.



"You think I'm the one at fault?" I huffed. "This is a professional space, doctor Kayla. You of all people should know more about work ethics." "Please," she rolled her eyes. "We were merely passing time. Besides, it isn't like a single lie was told,was it?"



"Kayla, I think we should just go." Celine tried to hold her hand,but the arrogant nurse didn't let her.



"What?" She scoffed. "I can't have someone point fingers at me like I did something wrong. We all talk about people, and not a single loir was said about her.


"We're right; her mate did come late to the ceremony.Have you seen the chemistry between him,Marta and the kids? They're like the perfect family. And this right here, if you ask me," her eyes burned with defiance as she looked down at me. "is like one of those women you'd call a home wrecker."



I was seething with rage. But this was a professional ground. There wasn't much I could do.



"I think you've said enough." I stepped toward her,trying to hide the pain in my voice. "Kayla Sky, there's no telling what I'd do if you say one more word about me."



"But you know it's the truth," Margot rolled her eyes."It's obvious you got mated to Alpha Jaris for power I wonder how you intend to live for the rest of your life,knowing his heart belongs to another." 
With that very painful stab, they walked out on me.


I ran to my office, locking the door and bursting into tears.



It freaking hurt. It hurt so much to hear the truth.



Because I wasn't so sure they were lies.



In what way would Jaris ever pick me over the mother of his kids? In what world would I ever be important to him?







At the end of my shift, I called Juan and asked if she was free for a drink. She was glad and invited me over.



Becky was around, and the three of us drank, made jokes, and just like that, most of my worries were forgotten. I'd really needed the distraction.
###Chapter 71
LYRIC



Two Days Later.


It was the most important day in our world.


The first of the three trials.


I stood before the mirror, staring at my bleak reflection. My hair and makeup looked perfect. Jaris had hired professionals to attend to me and ensure l looked my best.



Of course, it was important I looked my best. I'd be seated next to him as his Luna for everyone to see.He cared much for his reputation.


Despite the anticipation in the air, I couldn't help the feeling of unease that gnawed at my stomach. Just a while ago, while I bathed, I did that stupid uncomfortable thing again. I touched myself until l came, all to the memory of that weird dream.


I'd never been able to make myself cum before. But this...it was beyond anything I could explain. Beyond the memory.


Each time the dream came to mind, it always felt real.It was as if I could feel him on me. Feel his kisses, his stimulating touch, his passion.


It was too real to ignore. To real not to cum.


And it bothered me.



Yesterday, I even opened up to Jace about it. Told him I'd been having this disturbing dream and didn't know what it meant.



He wasn't of much help and simply teased me about being obsessed with Jaris who didn't like me.



I felt stuck. Confused.



Someone knocked, followed by my door opening.Only one person would knock and enter without waiting for my permission. "See who's looking like a doll!" Jace chuckled as he walked up to me.


He was outfitted in a handsome suit, his hair freshly-shaved.



I flashed him a small smile before looking away."Hi,Jace."



"Hm. Someone does not look happy. Tell me,cutie.What's making that pretty face sad?"


I rolled my eyes, then turned around so my back was against the dresser.


"You look good," I mumbled.


"Yeah," he frowned as he looked down at the suit."I actually didn't wwant to come to this, but that dickhead, Kael insisted I do or I risk being kicked out of Darkspire. You know, that man might really go missing one day."


I laughed-genuinely this time. "You two are crazy."


He picked us the glass of wine I'd been drinking and emptied it down his throat. "You know, you'd also become quite powerful when Jaris wins this thing.You'd become the Luna to every other Luna." He chuckled, obviously liking how it tasted on his tongue.


"Then, you'd have more people wanting to kiss your ass. You'd be respected everywhere you go.Hm.My little friend."


Unlike him who seemed pleased, my smile faded.The painful reality jabbed me in the chest, making me feel nothing but pain.


"You seem to be forgetting it's only for a year," the words were acrid on my tongue.


I cleared my throat and looked toward the window.


Dawning on Jace, his countenance dropped as he ran his hand through his face. "Fuck. Lyric, I'm...I'm sorry. I honestly don't know why I forgot."


Marta was going to be my replacement. Jaris only wanted me for a year before Marta took over. But why would he even want me for just a year? It didn't make much sense.


"It's fine." | forced a smile at Jace. "We should get going."







Reaching downstairs, one of the guards was there to lead me to Jaris who had been waiting in his Stretch SUV.



The air seemed to shift as soon as I settled beside him. i took a deep breath, forcing the oxygen to remain in my lungs.


"Greetings, Alpha." My voice lacked its usual warmth.


It was difficult to sound normal when I was hurting because of this very man.


We were both in the backseat, yet felt so far due to the distance between us.


Jaris looked stunning. I could tell from the brief glance I took at him. He also smelt good, of rich cologne. It was the very one I smelt in my dream.And that, on its own, was a torment.


"Hi, Lyric," he murmured without looking at me.


In a minute, we hit the road.






The trial was taking place in a much bigger hall. It was packed to the brim as the pack members of each participating Alpha were present.


Not everyone, though. Otherwise, there wouldn't be enough space for people to breathe.


Jaris and I were led in through the back entrance and onto the main stage where the participating Alphas and their Lunas sat. I did not miss the dissatisfied look that filled the faces of the other Alphas as soon as they saw Jaris.


They must be intimidated by his participation.Well,even I would've felt the same way.


Jaris' expression was as hard as rock as we were ledto take our seats. I found myself being a little nervous.


Jaris and I might have our differences. He might be an ass and hurt my feelings most of the times, but l still wanted him to win.


The hall was a little noisy as guests made their way in and tried to settle in. I used the distraction to stare at Jaris.



Man was undoubtedly handsome. Charming. He was the cutest male I'd ever seen, despite how rude he was.



My mind drifted to five years ago, on that magical night when he called me a name I'd never been called before.


'Your wish is my command, Princess.'


'Until tonight, I don't think I've ever met a lady as stunning as you, Princess.'


My breath froze in my throat. Those were the cutest things anyone had ever said to me. Even after so long, they sounded so clear in my head like they'd only been said yesterday.



'Do you think we could adjust our deal? I'd love to spend another day with you.'


More of his magical words.


I sniffled, dragging my eyes to my nails. I really needed to stop thinking about him if I didn't want to risk ruining my makeup and gaining people's attention.



I felt better when the chairman-Jace's father-came up and addressed the people. It was a welcomed distraction.


The hall became quiet. Some peace, finally.


He welcomed everyone, including the Alphas and their Lunas.



Then, he spoke about the first trial which he said was termed 'A King's Wisdom.



A large screen on the wall came on. There, we could see various rooms sliding past.


The Chairman explained what the rooms meant. The participating Alphas would be in it, each at a time.They were to escape the rooms within a given time.And we, the viewers, would be able to see all the decisions they make and the actions they take.


I've heard a lot about how tricky the trails could be.It was the first time I'd be getting to watch it.I considered it a privilege.


The participating Alphas were summoned. My eyes caught onto Roderick, only because he'd been staring at me. I hadn't even noticed he was present as I had been too busy stealing glances at Jaris.


Of course, Roderick Fletcher wouldn't miss this opportunity for anything in the world. Someone that thrived on power.


Alpha Zarek was there as well. That familiar feeling of unease wrapped around me. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't help the feeling that he was hiding something from me.

 The Chairman addressed the Alphas, giving them the simple rules of the trial. Firstly, they were forbidden from using their powers in any form.


He told them, "this is a trail for the wisest minds.It is to see how right you think."


Finally, he conveyed, "At this moment, you're to see yourselves as the Alpha King. Think as one. Act like one."



He wished them luck, and off they were. They were led away by some guards who took them through a narrow path.


I sucked in a deep breath as I rubbed my palms together. Some of them would fail this trial. I knew it.Not all could pass.


Deep down, I hoped Jaris would be among the winners.



On the stage now were the Lunas of the Alphas. We sat back and waited for the first Alphas to perform.

###Chapter 72

 JARIS



The Alpha trials were never easy. If there was one thing they did, they made it look easy. Easy enough for you to let your guard down and fail.


I waited in a separate hall with the others. Our phones were taken from us so there would be no form of communication, and all around us,there were guards, watching us like hawks.


One at a time, an Alpha was taken out of the hall to go through his own trial. It would take about twenty minutes before they return and take another.


The Alphas that had been taken to participate do not return to the hall. So, our numbers kept depreciating.


Roderick was taken. The asshole had been glaring non-stop at me. I wish he'd fail. It'd be a delight to see the disappointment in his face. We were just three left when they took me. I shot Zarek a glance before leaving. He didn't look pleased at all. Pleased that I was here.


Asshole.



I followed the two men who led me down a corridor,stopping in front of a red door.


One of the men addressed me. "This door connects to ten rooms. You have fifteen minutes to get out of all the rooms. All you have to do is find the key out of each of them. Each room carries a wall clock that displays how much time you have left. Good luck,Alpha Jaris Dreadmoor."


The door opened and a bright light greeted my face.l walked in without hesitation, bearing at the back of my mind that I had a minute and thirty seconds to get out of each room.



The door went closed behind me, and the lights dimmed. Much better.


Standing on a spot, I ran my eyes quickly around the jam-packed room.


First, I took note of the wall clock like he said. My time was at fourteen minutes, fifty-five seconds.


I found the camera. They were watching me. Seeing my every move.


Yet, in that moment, I didn't think of the hundreds of people watching me from the hall.


I thought of her.


Lyric Harper.


She was there with them, watching me as well.


I wonder, was she praying for me to win or lose?We've not been on the best of terms. I wouldn't be surprised if she wanted me to lose.



I set to work, running my eyes and hands through the things in the room.



I looked through the clothes on the floor but couldn't find any key. On the table were multiple empty jars. It was easy to see that there was no key.


I opened the drawer and found a small black purse.Opening it, I found a key.


I reached for the door and unlocked it. Hm. That was quite easy.


The door opened to a new room.


As soon as I walked in, the door to the old room behind me went shut.


The new one was not as messy as the previous one.So,it was easier to see through.


The table was empty, the drawers the same. The bed was neat. There was no key on it.


I checked under the bed and there it was. Stilleasy.


I unlocked the door to another room which was very messy. But in the end, I found the key.


Everything went smoothly until I reached the sixth room. I had eight minutes left.


RN GUIL I checked every corner but couldn't find a damn key.The jars on the table were filled with stupid things that didn't look like a key.


Wanting to be extra sure, I emptied all the jars on the table, yet no key fell out with the things that did.


"Damm it." I looked around the room. Where the hell was it?



Something clicked in my mind.


I turned back to the things I'd emptied on the table and found a yarn. In it was a needle.


I pulled the needle out, went to the door and inserted it into the keyhole.I hissed when the door opened.



There was no fucking key. Only a needle.



I ran out of the room to the next. This one was much easier. But the previous room had already taken two minutes of my time.



I made it to the seventh room which was only cleaner than the others. The bed in the room didn't even have a pillow on it.



The table was clean. So were the drawers. There was no place to look.


Except for the pile of clothes on the floor.


I picked the first cloth and realized all of them had a pocket. I'd have to sort through every pocket to find a key. My time would be exhausted by the time l finished.



I looked at the door and noticed the knob was slightly bent. Going to it, I tried to turn the knob and it clattered to the ground. The door creaked open. It was never locked.


"Smart assholes," I muttered to myself.


I ran into the eighth room. Unlike the other rooms,this one had a ceiling fan.


It was the first thing I checked.


The fan wasn't rotating. Sweeping my hand over the blades, I found the key on one of them. I opened the door to the ninth room which was quite messy. But the one thing that caught my attention was the chest on the table.



I tried to open it and discovered it was locked. So,I searched the room. But this time, I wasn't looking for the door key. I was looking for the pin to the chest.


I had one minute, twenty seconds left.


Shit.



I found the pin under the pillows and unlocked the chest. In it was the key.


I unlocked the door to the final room and came to an abrupt pause.


This room was completely clean-not a single piece of furniture in it. But there was a girl on her knees, her hands bound with a rope.



She was dressed in a shabby dress, like a slave would.



She kept her head low when she saw me. "Welcome, my King. I have the key here with me."


She opened her palms, showing me the key.


My brows furrowed in suspicion.


She addressed me as a King. That was the way the Alpha King was addressed.


The Chairman's words came to mind: 'At this moment, you're to see yourselves as the Alpha King!'


The girl on her knees spoke again. "You must hurry,my king. Your time is running out."


I looked at the clock. Fifty-nine seconds left.


This should be the easiest room so far. The key was right there in her palm. All I had to do was take it,open the door and leave.


Yet, something felt wrong. It was too easy.
###Chapter 73
JARIS



"Why are you tied?" | went closer to the girl.


"I have been this way for as long as I can remember,my king. I have been in captivity for so long I have grown accustomed to it.



She glanced at the wall. "My king, the clock is ticking." Her voice was filled with worry.



But I didn't even glance at it. Not anymore.



More of the Chairman's words came to mind.'this is a trial for the wisest minds. It is to see how right you think.



'you're to see yourselves as the Alpha King. Think as one. Act like one'



I was the Alpha King. The girl before him was one of his people. She had been in captivity for so long.


What kind of a king would I be if I abandoned her?


I dropped to one knee, grabbed her hand and started undoing the ropes.


I could easily tear the ropes apart with my Alpha strength, but one of the rules said not to use our powers in any form.


The girl gasped, her eyes going wide with shock.


"My King! You'll never be able to meet up!"


I glanced at the clock. Just ten seconds left.


The rope was too tight. But I didn't give up. I kept trying.


This was all a test. It was the people's responsibility to be concerned for their klng, which was the reason the girl was worried about the time. But it was my duty as their king to be more concerned about them.


I kept glancing at the clock. The seconds were going down.


I finally fred the ropes, but it came off the same time the alarm went off.


My time was up.



Damn it!



I didn't meet up.


My enthusiasm waned.


"Thank you, my king," the girl muttered.


She remained on her knees, her head bowed, her palms showing me the key.


Reluctantly, I took it from her, opened the door and stepped out.


I was greeted with a sight I did not expect. Not with what I'd done.



There were cheers and applauses, and these tiny ribbons floating in the air. I froze at the door,confused and wondering if they were celebrating my failure.
Luca walked up to me, holding a lanyard that clearly read '1st Trial Done.
For someone like me who was hardly ever confused,this got me.
"Congratulations, Alpha Jaris. You made it," Luca beamed and wore the lanyard over my neck.
"How?" I gave him a questioning look.
The Chairman walked up to me. "We never mentioned that the end aim of the trial is to make it out of the rooms in time. We only told you you had fifteen minutes. Didn't mean if you hadn't made it before fifteen minutes, you'd have lost. It was a trail for the wisest minds. We wanted to see how you'd act as a King when you happen upon your people in trouble, even if you are in a hurry to get somewhere."He dipped his head. "Congratulations, Alpha Jaris.You made it to the second round."

Cold relief washed over me, as well as astonishment.
These men were something else. Tricky as fuck.


I glanced down at the lanyard with renewed pride.So,I made it.


Bobbing my head, I made my way to my seat,next to a smiling Lyric. It dawned on me that she was happy.


"Congratulations, Alpha," she muttered in the faintest of voices, as though she was shy saying it.


Funnily creepy.


I simply inclined my head at her.


I looked at Roderick's seat. He wasn't there, neither was his partner.


＊＊＊＊十＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC



Perhaps, I should've found a way not to come to this trial at all. Because my stupid heart wouldn't stop beating since | watched Jaris on the screen.


I'd been so nervous for him as I watched him through the cameras. He was the third Alpha to have won so far,five failing before him.


The trial was quite challenging. Some of the Alphas didn't even make it to the tenth room to see the final task. Some that did-like Roderick -was too time-conscious to care about the girl on her knees. They just grabbed the key and opened the door.


Roderick had almost caused a fight when he was told he didn't pass the trial. He yelled about being tricked and not specifically told to save anyone.


He utterly embarrassed himself in front of everyone and stormed out of the hall.


Well,typical Roderick. Always caring only for himself.It would be a disaster to have someone like him as the Alpha King.


Watching Jaris execute wisdom and escaping all the rooms was mind-blowing. Now, my heart won't stop fluttering since he made it out of the final room.


I'd always known he was smart. But Jaris was not entirely kind. So, seeing him help the girl on her knees only proved how very/intelligent he was.


And well, what could I say? Women love intelligent men.


'Too bad there isn't a world where you two exist,Lyric.


The trial went on for the two remaining Alphas. Alpha Zarek passed, while the last Alpha failed.


That made four winners and six losers.


The hall erupted into cheers-coming from the members of the Alphas that had won.


A meeting was called for them and I had to accompany Jaris. In a separate room, the Alphas were addressed by the Chairman and representatives. A new date was announced for the second trial, and enough luck was dished out to them.



I caught Alpha Zarek staring at me, mutiple times.

But it wasn't carnal. Instead, he gave me that guilty look.



I couldn't exactly get what his problem was. If he had something to say, why couldn't he just spit it out already?


I felt nervous sitting next to Jaris during the ride home.If we were on good terms, I'd have given him a hug for his awesome performance.


But he was a rude jerk who might probably snap at me for even thinking of doing that to him.


Reaching Darkspire, we met a huge welcome party.Judging by Jaris' reaction, he didn't know about this.The members must have planned it ahead in anticipation for his win.


A red carpet was placed on the floor beneath the car doors where Jaris and I was supposed to step out from.They opened the door for us and we stepped out the same time, him from the left, and me from the right.


They shouted and clapped and threw RIBBONS in the air as we alighted. I laughed heartily, finding the whole show just adorable.


They weren't just celebrating Jaris. They were celebrating me as his Luna.


Luna Isolde was the first to walk up to us. She hugged Jaris and kissed him on the cheek."Congratulations, son. You were amazing."


Jaris simply nodded before pulling away from her hold.



Next came the kids, and Marta behind them.


"Daddy! I heard you won!" Xyla with the loudest voice.


"Oh, yes, darling. I did." Jaris carried them both in his arms, then planted a kiss on both their heads.


More people came to congratulate him. Walking on the red carpet, we were led to the large party hall.
###Chapter 74
LYRIC


The party was beyond magnificent. It was heart-warming to see how much Jaris was loved by his people.


There was a lot to eat, drink and talk about.The people of Darkspire were quite united. I could tell from how they gathered in groups and made jokes like one big family.


A family I'd never had.


"Hello, Luna." Someone nudged me from behind.


I rolled my eyes as Jace stood beside me.


"Hi, dad." I lifted my glass to my lips to take a sip,but he snatched the flute from me, drinking instead.


"I like how you pay me some respect. It shows l trained you well." "You're an asshole, Jace." I slapped him on the shoulder."You just coming?"


"Yeah. Had to stay back with my dad to discuss certain things."


Kael walked up to us, holding a flute that was almost empty.


"Congratulations, Lyric." His tone was clipped. The man was effortlessly grumpy even when he was attempting to be nice.


"For what?" I chuckled. "Alpha Jaris was the one who displayed his smartness, not me."


"Well, it's what they say. When the Alpha gets celebrated, so does his Luna."



His Luna.



The words warmed my heart more than I cared to admit.


I flicked my gaze toward Jaris in the corner,and there he was, staring back at me even though he was in the midst of six elders. I knew he was there because I'd been stealing glances at him the whole time.


He looked away as quickly as I did, but not before heat radiated through my core.


Gods, I needed to find a way to stop this. I couldn't keep doing this to myself.


Kael's eyes roamed over Jace's body. "Why don't you try to get a bigger size of this next time? I don't even understand if you lack the common knowledge of your measurement." He was referring to Jace's suit.



Jace glanced down at his suit and scoffed. "Dude,get out of my face before I smash yours against the wall."



Kael looked at me. "How do you cope being his friend, Lyric? I'd rather be alone than have to spend a second with someone like him who hates correction as much as he hates having a brain."


Oh,for Moon's sake! "Guys, this is a party. You can't do this here."


But Jace was not one to lose a barb. "It's hilarious that you think being alone is preferable when it clearly suits your personality so well."


I looked around the room. Or rather, looked at Jaris.He was staring at us-me.


I swallowed the tight lump in my throat, then whispered. "Alpha Jaris is watching."


Kael's features softened. He looked disgusted, then did something Jace and I would never have imagined. To our utmost shock, he lifted his hand to Jace's hair, stroking it.


My mouth fell open as Jace's brows shot up to his hairline. For three seconds, he was too shocked to react.



When he regained composure, he slapped Kael's hand away. "What the fuck, man? Have you lost it!?"


This time, I was speechless, my gaze flicking between the two men. Why would Kael do that in public?


"Relax. I hate it as much as you do." The detest in his voice didn't make me doubt him. "Like she said, Jaris was watching. I had to put on a show."


"What fucking show? What business does your show have with touching me?" Jace was trying to keep his temper down. If we weren't in a party, he'd have definitely reacted much worse.


"Why do you think you're here in Darkspire, standing close to and touching Lyric however you want?" Kael rasped. "You really think Jaris decided to be so generous?"


"Well, I asked what your excuse was to him, but you didn't fucking tell me."


"You're smart, Jace." Kael shrugged, but he was pissed. "I guess you should know now."


Seconds passed. The truth dawned on me same time Jace's jaw dropped. He must've realized it was well.


"No. Don't fucking say," he shook his head. "| ain't doing that shit with you? What are you,stupid?"


"Fuck, I'd never seen anyone more ungrateful than you, asshole." Kael gritted.


"What the hell are you saying? Are your brain cells that dumb that you couldn't come up with a better excuse?"



Kael stepped closer. "He asked, okay? He thought that was the only reason I'd want you here. It made sense when he brought it up. So I agreed for your sake. I told him I liked your stupid ass and wanted to have you close. That's the only reason he doesn't bother when you're with Lyric."


"Fucking hell!" Jace angrily dropped his glass on the table. His eyes blazed when he faced Kael again."Well, you're on your own, bud. And bear this in mind, the next time you touch me like you just did,I promise it'll be the last time you have fingers." Thank goodness the hall was heavy with music.I wouldn't want to imagine people's reaction to a conversation like this.


"Jace..." I tried to speak to him, but he walked out on us.


Woah. I hadn't seen Jace this mad in a while.






A while later, I went out to look for Jace. He had been gone for about fifteen minutes, making me worried.


Fortunately, I found him by the pool side, smoking.I froze. Jace doesn't smoke unless he's really pissed.Like,very very pissed.


At this point,I wanted to believe he was overreacting over what Kael did.



"Hey. Give me that." I gently took the cigarette from me.


Putting it on the floor, I extinguished it with my heels.


I crossed my arms as I faced him. "Don't you think your reaction was a little over the top? Kael was only trying to help."


"Please, Lyric. Don't start with me." He pinched the bridge of his nose, his eyes closed.


He was clearly trying to control his temper around me.


"Okay, dad." I huffed


There. That was enough to get a smile.


He took a deep breath, inserting his both hands into his pockets. He looked a bit calmer now.



"What happened?" My voice was mellow. "You know you can talk to me."


Something must have happened in the past to get such a reaction out of him.


"Forget it." He shook his head. "Sorry I took you out of the party. We should head back."


Hm. Jace being polite to me. He was definitely not himself.
I knew him well enough to know if he didn't want to talk about something, he wouldn't. So, I let it be for now.


Grabbing him by the jacket, we started walking back to the party. But we stopped when we bumped into Marta.


She was making a phone call and appeared shocked when she saw us.


It took me a moment to realize she wasn't being shocked at me, but the man beside me.


"Karen?" Jace called, squinting his eyes like he couldn't believe it.



My brows furrowed in surprise. What was he saying?"That's not...Karen."



Jace looked at me like I'd just told him the moon was pink.


Marta lowered the phone from her ear, but I wasn't even sure she'd ended the call. I'd never seen her this pale before. It was the exact way she looked when she had seen him in the bar.


"She is. I know her, Lyric. Do you know her?" Jace asked, having the tone of someone that had just met an old acquaintance.



"You don't know me," Marta spoke up, her voice a little shaky. She cleared her throat, and when she spoke again, she sounded more like herself."I don't know you either. She's right. I'm not Karen."


She clicked something on her phone, probably ending her call and turned to leave.


"What're you saying? Don't you remember me?"Jace chuckled. "It's me, Jace. I know it's been years but we met in-"


"I said I don't know you!" Her voice was near a shout,her eyes blazing fire.


Her mask slipped. She wasn't just furious. She was scared.



Time seemed to stretch between the two. Marta glared at me, then at Jace, and walked away. "What was that about?" | turned to Jace as soon as we were alone. "How's she Karen to you? That's Marta Monroe. Jaris' baby mama."


Jace's eyes rounded, disbelief glintingin them.


"She's the mother of the twins?"



"Yes. The very bitch I've been telling you about."


Jace shook his head, his eyes on the floor.


"Hey, what's wrong?" I touched his arm.


His forehead was creased. "Hold on, did you say the kids' birthday is in three weeks?"


"Yes?"



"What year were they born?"


"2020." His questions were putting me on the edge.

"Talk to me, Jace. What's going on?"


"That means.." he shook his head.not possible."





"What isn't possible?" "She being their mother, Lyric!" He darted his gaze at me. "I met Karen...or Marta in 2020, just around this time. And when I did meet her, she wasn't pregnant."
###Chapter 75 
LYRIC


Time went still for a long while.


My head spun from the revelation.


I shook my head, looking in the direction Marta had just taken.



"I-I think you're mistaken, Jace. Maybe you're mistaking the month or-"



"I can forget anything, but not Karen or what we shared in that brief moment. We met on the thirteen of June. Does that sound too precise for you?"



He took a deep breath, running his fingers through his hair. "While I was overseas, I met her in Oryndor.We happened to be in the same hotel. I was in the lounge area, drinking when she came up to me. She started the conversation, and well, I was bored and played along. Next thing, we both end up in my room."



I gasped, lifting a hand to my mouth. "Y-You had sex!?"


"Well, we wouldn't be reading in my room, Lyric. So,yes."



Goodness!



"She told me she'd simply been horny and wanted it to be a one-time stuff. But the next day, we had more sex. Look, what happened between us isn't the point here. The point is, Marta was never pregnant. She should have been eight months pregnant when I met her right? I touched that belly. And trust me when l say there were no twins in it."



"Oh, gods." My hand was on my chest. I feared I might have a panic attack. I looked at my best friend with all seriousness. "Please, tell me you're not mistaken. What if it's just someone that looks like her?" "Come on, Ly. Wouldn't this explain why she has been scared around me? We met in a very far country. We both didn't know each other and didn't expect we'd find ourselves here. That's the reason she's shocked. I'm thinking she must have traveled under the guise of birthing the kids outside the country. She must've been so desperate for Jaris'attention that she'd set up something like this to give him kids."


"Jace!" I squealed. This was no small revelation.My fingers were practically shaking. "If Marta wasn't pregnant... does this mean Xyla and Xylon do not belong to Jaris!?"


He shrugged, but I could see the sadness in his eyes too. "That's the bitter truth, Lyric. Jaris has been taking care of another man's kids."


****+****+



MARTA


Her hands wouldn't stop shaking on the wheel.Her face was streaked with tears, she considered it a miracle she didn't run into a car the entire drive.


She parked carelessly in the middle of the compound, jumped out of the car and ran into the house.


She's always hated her family home and only came when she was repeatedly summoned. But today, she came of her own accord. She was losing her mind and needed their help.


She barged into the living room and found her narcissistic sister kissing a man on the couch.One of their guards.


They quickly disengaged at her abrupt entrance,shocked.


"What the hell,Marta!?"


"Where's everyone? Where's grandma?" She panted.


"Grandma is upstairs. And why are you looking like your life is about to end?"


Any other day, Marta would've had a good time replying her sister. But not tonight.


She ran up the stairs and barged into her grandmother's room without knocking.


The woman had been sitting by the bed and looked around in fright.


"Marta Monroe. Have you finally lost it?" She rasped.She hated such abrupt entrance.


"Grandma please," Marta fell on her knees, fresh tears running down her cheeks. "I'm in trouble. I'm in trouble. I don't-I don't know what to do."


Her grandmother regarded her with a cold expression. But since she hadn't yelled at her, Marta figured she must be interested in what she had to say.


"Now what trouble have you gotten yourself into?"Her voice was less scolding.


"It's about the kids. Someone... Someone is about to expose me."

###Chapter 76

 LYRIC



I laid in the bathtub, one leg splayed over the top with my head leaning backward.


It had been a long day. A crazy one. All I wanted to do was get some sleep.


Staring into nothing, I thought of Jace's discovery.I still had a hard time believing what he said. Of course, Jace was my best friend, and he'd never lie with something this serious. I just couldn't believe Marta could be that heartless and fearless.



How could she risk lying to the entire Darkspire? Like she was so certain the truth wouldn't reveal itself one day.


I tsked, thinking of the poor kids. Who were their real parents? And how would they feel getting to know that the parents they've come to love weren't theirs? What would Jaris do when he learns the truth?


So many questions, it frightened me.


I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath. I decided to think of something better. And of course, the only 'better' memory I could come up with was the one of him.


Before I could stop myself, my fingers were already on my wet core. I bit my lower lip, trying to suppress my moan, but in the end I failed. They came out just as shamelessly as I touched myself to a weird dream.


My scream echoed in the bathroom as I made myself cum. I panted heavily, squirming in the tub.


Coming down from my high, I was too exhausted to move a limb, and before I knew it, I was shedding tears.



I cried because it was too good. Cried because I wanted more but couldn't even have it. It was a stupid dream. How can a stupid dream have this effect on me?

JARIS


If Marta hadn't come in when she did, I was certain the pen would've snapped in my hand.


"Where were you, Marta? I called like an hour ago,"I growled.


I was running low on temper. Damn it This wasn't good.


"I'm... I'm sorry, Alpha. My grandmother called for me. I just got back and came running when I heard you summoned me."


I regarded her.


'Came running', yet she's had the time to change into one of her red lace nighties.


'Came running', yet she's had the time to shower and brush her hair, judging from how damp her hair looked.



'Came running,' yet she's had the time to apply purple lipstick on her lips.


Marta looked fucking gorgeous right now. Since we met, she's been desperate for my attention and had been doing all she could to get it.


She's put in more effort to seduce me than Lyric Harper has ever done. As a matter of fact, Lyric had never done anything seducing.


Yet, here I was, being tormented by my memory of her.


I stood up, my chair groaning as I did.


I was still wearing my suit pants and white top, only the jacket missing.


"Come here, Marta," I ordered impatiently.


She did, walking sensually.


The bulge in my pants was almost painful.


You can do this, Jaris. You can take control.


When she was close, I grabbed her by the neck, slamming my lips against hers. She moaned in response, throwing her arms around me and deepening the kiss.


I can do this-l repeatedly told myself. I can use Marta as a distraction. I can get Lyric out of my head.


Yet, as I let my hands roam over Marta's body, they didn't feel like 'hers'. They didn't bring out the kind of response Lyric did. Her hair didn't fucking smell like apple shampoo!


She was different. She wasn't strong enough to get Lyric out of my head.


No!



I pushed her to the edge of the table, wrapping her legs around my waist. Her hands were already working to unbutton my shirt.


This shouldn't be difficult. I was already as hard as rock since she came into the room. She was horny for me too. All I had to do was take out my dick and fuck her senseless. Get it all out. Even if I won't be able to cum, it'll bring me some kind of peace.


I wanted more than just jerking myself in the bathroom. I wanted to feel myself deep inside her cunt, moving my hips and filling her up with my cum.


What the hell has Lyric done to me? Why can't I think straight? Why can't I want anyone but her?


With a hiss, I pulled away from Marta, my thumb caressing my lower lip. My shirt was parted into two.Marta's eyes were heavy with lust. She looked like she wanted to cry from the loss of contact.


"Jaris..." She stretched her hand to touch me, to pull me close. But I didn't let her.


She wasn't Lyric. No one could ever be.


For a moment, I contemplated if it had to do with the mate bond? Could it be the reason I was so desperate for her?


Then, I remembered these delusions already started even before the mate bond. This... This was something different. "Get out, Marta," I rasped, turning toward the bathroom.



Her gasp was audible. "J-Jaris..."


I didn't give her the chance to speak. I know a lot must be going through her head. It was the second time I was giving her hope. But I was just as hopeless.


And as I pleasured myself with my hands in the bathroom, I came to a conclusion: I was done managing without Lyric Harper. The Moon knows I tried. I fucking tried to keep her out of the way. But now, I was done.


I was getting a taste of Lyric tomorrow.
###Chapter 77 
JACE



Jace waited on the passage leading to Marta's room.


He had been there for fifteen minutes, leaning against the wall and his hands crossed over his chest.



He had somewhere important to be that morning,but it could wait.Seeing Marta was more important.


Finally, she appeared from her room, making a phone call.


"No. He's not to be given more than two mm." She spoke into the phone. But that was before she saw Jace.



She came to an abrupt halt, her eyes glistening with shock. Jace  pushed away from the wall but kept his hands across his chest. He looked horribly intimidating this way.


Marta swallowed hard. Time seemed to stretch.


"I'll call you back," her voice was softer this time as she spoke into the phone before ending the call.


"Hi, Marta," Jace tipped his head toward her. "How have you been?"


He could clearly see her throat bob.


"Tell me," he went closer. "Did you choose Karen just because it was pretty? Or you really didn't want me to know who you were?"


Finally, she regained her footing. Her mean face was back. "I don't know who you're talking about."


She tried to move away, but Jace stepped into her way. "Uh-Uh. You don't get to do this, Marta. We're having this conversation."


"We have nothing to talk about!" She rasped. "Do l need to report you to the Alpha for harassment? Why won't you leave me alone? I am not Karen. I sure as hell have never seen you before."


She glared at him, from head to heel, then walked past him.


"You know why I'm so concerned, don't you?" Jace turned in her direction, but she didn't stop walking."I'm concerned because when we met, you were supposed to be pregnant. But you and I know you weren't."


Now,she stopped.


He walked up to her this time, standing in front of her again. "So, if you're so sure we haven't met before,I'm pretty sure you wouldn't mind performing a test on those kids. Especially when I bring it up to Jaris."


Her mask took a little tumble. Her fear was evident now. She could pass out at any moment if Jace didn't stop talking.


Her frightened eyes darted around the passage,making sure there was no one around.


When she spoke again, her voice was shaky and a "You?" Jace scoffed, staring down at her. "I didn't even know you were here until last night, Marta.I don't 'want' anything from you. I just want you to confirm I'm not lying. Do you remember me or not?"



Her eyes glistened, like she could shed a tear any minute. She looked around the passage, took a deep breath, and hissed. "Fine. I know. You. So what?"


Hm. Jace chuckled. She was still trying to be feisty even when the odds were not in her favor.


"Good. Then, you should remember that I'm aware you were never pregnant when you should be.How're the kids yours?"


She fisted her hands beside her. "You're delusional if you think I'd be lying to the Alpha all these years.He's the father of my kids. I gave birth a month before we met."



"Are you kidding me? We met in June, and the kids'birthday is coming up in July. How do the two relate?"



"T-There's a reason we fixed their birthday next month. They were born prematurely, so we kept them in an incubator and decided to make July their official birth month since it was the very moment they were meant to be delivered."


"Really? So, you expect he to believe you were sleeping around when you'd just given birth a month ago or less? It doesn't make any sense!"


"Well, it's my life and I'm telling you to mind your business!"



The atmosphere was taut with tension. Marta's chest heaved anxiously. She looked like she could strangle Jace to death with her bare hands if she could.



"Okay." He shrugged. "Like I said, I'm sure you wouldn't mind performing a test on the kids. You know, I'm also curious and want to be sure."


This time, it was his turn to walk away. Marta hesitated for a beat before she ran after him. "What do you want from me!?" She yelled in frustration. "What makes you think you can just come in here and ruin everything l've worked years for?"


Jace met her gaze. "Ooh. Careful, Marta. You sound like you're about to get caught for something."


She held his gaze with defiance. "My life is not perfect. But I've been working so hard to make sure I'm in a better place. I won't let you ruin me, Jace.If l have to die, I'll take you with me. You have my word."


As much as her eyes were stained with red and glistened with unshed tears, they also glinted with fury.



She walked out on him.







LYRIC


Sitting in my car, I watched Marta leave the house and knew she was done talking with Jace. Or maybe arguing.
 It didn't take long before Jace joined me in the car,taking the passenger seat.


"She denied it," he sighed.


That didn't surprise me. "I told you she would. This is quite heavy. No one would easily admit to something like that."


"That woman is unbelievable, Lyric! She's deceiving the Alpha and entire Darkspire with somebody else's kids! It's worse than fraud!"


I took a deep breath, staring out the window.


"I'm telling Jaris."


I snapped my head at Jace."What? Jace,no!"


"What do you mean 'no'?"


"Could you just... calm down a little? I still need to make my findings before I know what to do."


"Excuse me?" He tapped me on the head. "You sound like you made this discovery all by yourself.This is my discovery, Ly. I'm the one who gets to decide what to do."


"I-I know. But this is going too fast, I think." I drew a full breath. "Just calm down, okay? I'll ask some questions today, just to get our facts right. After that,we'll make our decision."


Jade eyed me suspiciously. "Are you worried about the kids?"



I kept my eyes on the steering, knowing he got me.


"You're worried Jaris might kick them out if he learns the truth."


I still couldn't say anything. The idea of Xyla and Xylon being hated by a man they've grown to love and recognize as their father was too uncomfortable for me. They wouldn't be the only ones to get hurt,but Jaris too. I've seen how he loves them. This news would break him more than it would the kids.



"Listen to me, Lyric. Those pumpkins are adorable.I wouldn't want to hurt them either. But you know how much I detest lies. I'm a man, Lyric. I won't sit back 
and watch my fellow man raise kids that aren't his."


"| know!" My voice was feeble. "Just give me a moment,Jace.Please.Can you?"


He rolled his eyes. "Get to work, Lyric," he muttered and left the car.



＊＊＊＊十



My spirit was crushed by the whole situation.


Reaching TCH, I tried to focus on work.


I had a couple of patients to attend to, and I did so,using my abyssal gloves. Their conditions weren't too critical. So, it was something my basic knowledge could help with.


Next to the ward of one of the patients I visited, there was a man with a critical condition.I saw him through the window and stopped to watch him.


He was asleep and looked like he'd been there for a long time.


When I asked the nurse with me, she told me had been in that coma for a month. According to her,he was suffering from Lunar Lungs Collapse. They'd been trying all they could to revive him and have given up hope on treating him. Even his own family had stopped visiting.


I felt so bad for him. The man looked old and frail.Being in a coma at this age... I didn't want to imagine how painful it must be for him.


I left with the nurse. But an hour later, when I was meant to be on break, I returned to the room.


'It'll be fine, Lyric. No one is watching. No one would be able to tell it was you.' I assured myself.


I took off my gloves and placed a hand on his neck and one on his forehead. He'd already been given the right medications, but the ailment was too strong and was fighting against the drugs.


So, all that needed to be done was to Siphon the sickness away. I wasn't supposed to do this, but he was an old helpless man. 
Closing my eyes, I focused on the ailment and felt heavier. I'd always felt this way whenever I touched sick people. I just never realized it was my body receiving the ailment. Good thing I never get to actually fall sick.


Being a Siphon would've been cool if it didn't have a dangerous side. If my kind wasn't haunted.


In a couple of minutes, I was done. I could feel that it was over.


I smiled down at the man. His face was already getting brighter.


"Hope to see you awake soon, sir." I smied down at him, my hand tapping his shoulder. I turned away to leave but a hand suddenly grabbed mine. I was startled.



Whipping around, I discovered it was the man. His eyes were open, weakly so. But he was staring at me.


Oh.He's awake.


I took a deep breath. He didn't have to give me such a scare.


"Cy...n", he muttered something I couldn't hear. He was still very weak.


"Sir? How're you feeling, sir?" I asked happily.


He uttered the word again. The third time, it was clearer:


"Si...phon."
###Chapter 78 

LYRIC



My eyes grew large, shining as brightly as the sun.


My world came spinning, crashing down and building up again just to crash even more painfully.


All this happened in seconds.


I opened my mouth to speak, but no words formed. I couldn't get my head straight.


"Siphon," he repeated, crystal clear this time.


"I-" I tried to swallow, but the ball of nerves was too much in my throat. I couldn't gulp.


I inhaled deeply and tried again. "I'll get someone to check on you."


It wasn't until I tried to run that I realized he was still holding my hand. Now that he was awake, the man was strong.


I panicked, my eyes darting to the door and back.


"Let me go." It was a plea. "Please."


He finally did, his eyes growing soft.


He breathed deeply, closing his eyes.


"Siphon," he repeated, even as it seemed like he was going back to sleep.


I didn't wait around to hear more. I sprinted out of the room, my heart pounding against my ribs.


I didn't stop until I was in the nearest restroom and shut the door.


Damn it. Damn it. Damn it!


I pulled at the root of my shirt, pacing the small room.


He knew what I was. But how... How could he easily tell? Did I make a mistake saving him?


Jace was right. I shouldn't have cared about saving anyone. I should've kept it hidden like I planned. I spent a long time in the restroom, too scared to go out. What if he was already screaming my secret to everyone?


A knock on my door startled me.


What the hell?



"Use the other rooms!" I shouted in frustration.



"Lyric."


I froze. Geez, it was Marta. What did she want?


My eyes rounded. Oh, no. What if she knows?


I quickly opened the door, eager to know if my life was doomed or not.


She regarded me coldly, like I was dirt in her way."You've been there for too long. What're you doing?"


Okay. It didn't seem like she knew.



I took a deep breath to calm my nerves.


"Why are you monitoring me?" I frowned. Did she see me run out of the man's room? Please tell me she didn't.


"Anyway, you can be dying for all I care. I came here to pass an important information across." She crossed her arms over her chest, and there she was-the bitchy Marta I knew.


She looked like a mean doctor in her lab coat.


"Tell your friend to steer clear from me. I don't know what his problem is, and I really don't care. Just tell him not to rub it off on me."


My mind drifted to the issue she had with Jace. Oh,right. She was in a shitty position right now.


"If you have an issue with Jace, you should settle it with him. What does that have to do with me?"I frowned.



Her expression turned into something else. Her eyes became darker, like a serpent about to spit out venom.



"You don't understand, do you?" Her voice was dangerously low. "You don't understand the implications,do you?"


This was a different side of Marta. I'd never seen her this vile before her.


Before I could brace myself for what to do next, she slapped me hard across the face.


My head reeled to the side, a gasp slipping past my throat as I put a hand over my mouth.


I was beyond shocked. Marta slapped me!


Her eyes were as wide and burning as that of a mad woman. Who would've thought that the issue with the kids would be enough to make Marta lose her mind?


"I'll ruin you, Lyric." She pointed an angry finger at me. "You and your worthless friend. I'll take you both to the ground and bury you so deep if you don't stay away from me and my family. My kids are my family,and I'll never let you jeopardize that. Let it sink!"


Before I could think better of it, my hands flew to her hair, roughly pulling at her roots. But despite the rage in my chest, I was still held back by the fact that this was a professional ground. We shouldn't be doing this here. Marta, however, didn't seem to care, and she used how reluctant my hold was to push me off.


"Don't ever lay your filthy hands on me," she snarled.


"Same goes for you, Marta!" I half-yelleld. "This should be the first and last time you ever think of hitting me. What do you think I am, stupid? If we weren't in TCH right now, I promise, you'd have been on the floor by now."


"Oh,spare me," she snorted. "This is only a little warning. You can be sure to expect more if you and your asshole of a friend don't stay away from my business."



She turned around to leave, but I grabbed her hand,bringing her back.


I let her see the seriousness in my eyes when I spoke to her. "Like I said, if you have an issue with Jace, go settle it with him. Don't expect me to keep quiet when he's trying to uncover an important truth." I tilted my head to the side. "Or isn't that the truth,Marta? Do you think he's lying?"


Her eyes turned to icicles. But I couldn't care less.


I released her wrist and walked away, still hating the fact that she had the nerves to slap me and I wasn't able to do much about it.



****+****+



JARIS


I was at the office, reviewing some files with my CMO when Kael walked in.


His presence was thrilling and enough to make me dismiss the CMO in front of me.


"I believe you have the package?" I asked eagerly as he came to take the seat the CMO had just been spitting on.


He gave me that reluctant look before slipping his hand into his pocket and returning with a small pack of pills.



He dropped it on the table.


"Went through a lot of trouble to get this. You know it's forbidden."


I felt a cold sensation as I picked up the pack,observing the pack like it was a pack of gold.


"If it was truly forbidden, it'd stop being produced," I muttered without looking at him. "What about the second stuff?"


Again, he sighed, as if being reluctant with his answer. "It's in the car."



I nodded, satisfaction brimming inside me. "Go get the car ready, then. We're heading home."


He stood up and was about to open the door when he paused and looked at me. "You know you don't have to do this, right? It's not exactly... noble."


I was almost tempted to roll my eyes, bored with the conversation. "When have I ever been noble? You must be confusing my status for nobility."


"Come on, J. You know what I'm talking about."


"No, I don't, and I don't even want to know. Now,get going."


Kael wasn't a nice man. He'd done a lot of pretty bad things in his life. Yet, here he was, counselling me like some grandfather.


Laughable.


Using my landline, I called my assistant to come to the office. In seconds, she was there. I asked her to pack up my things and follow me to the car.


As soon as we reached Darkspire, I took the things from Kael and went into Lyric's room. Of course, I'd have a spare key with me.


It took me an hour to set up the first stuff, then droppeda single pill and a note on her dresser.


I stood with my hands in my pockets, staring at the pill. I tried. The Moon knows I tried for it not to come to this. Kael was right. This was wrong. But I couldn't bring myself to care anymore. I've never been a good man. No. I've done a lot of bad things that doesn't give me the privilegeto be called good.


You could say I'm a good leader, but not a good man.


And maybe, Lyric deserved this for messing with my head.
###Chapter 79
LYRIC



I was glad when my shift came to an end. My day had been ruined from the moment I healed that man that all I wanted to do was get home and have some sleep.


I passed by the room of the man I'd healed, just to peep through the window.


I couldn't help but wonder if he'd ratted me out already.How was he even able to tell what I was?


I slackened my steps when I neared the door and found Guinevere outside the room without another doctor. I couldn't make out what they were saying,but it bothered me.



What if the man had told them and they were thinking of the best way to capture me?
Oh, stop it, Lyric. Stop being so negative.


If only it was that easy.


The second doctor left before I got to the spot to meet Guinevere. I looked out for the woman's expression. This would determine if she knows something or not.


"Lyric. How was your day?" She sounded normal.


I took a deep breath. "I'm fine, Doctor Guinevere."


I faced the window. The man was asleep.


"Is he uh...better? I heard he was in a coma."


"Ah, yes. He miraculously woke up today."


"Oh." I nodded, my stomach tightening with nervousness. "How did that happen? I mean, did we have to do something special? Or did he-"


"It's all thanks to Marta," she cut me off, speaking in a whisper.


It took me a moment to wrap my head around the revelation. "Wait,what?"


"The man was her patient. And when I asked her, she said she had tried something new on him this morning which was the reason he regained consciousness."


My head spun, my mouth dropping open. What in the name of Selene? Marta was taking the glory for something she didn't do?


Now that I thought of it, Guinevere never asked questions concerning the surgery that was performed on Mr. Owens. I never wanted her to know it was me, but she never even tried to know who did it.



"I-I see." I blinked rapidly, coughing to clear the sudden heaviness in my throat.


"She's quite good. And she wants it to remain a secret. Doesn't want the whole attention, you know?"


Oh, for Selene's sake! Marta was more unbelievable than I thought. Of course, she'd want it to remain a secret because it wasn't her doing!


"Was she...also the one that performed surgery on Mr. Owens?" Guinevere looked at me when I asked."You know, I'd seenher go into the surgical ward but didn't know if..." I shrugged, wanting her to complete the statement.


I tried to remain calm, but inside, I was burning with rage.


Guinevere hesitated before nodding.


"Actually, yes. She performed the surgery alone and didn't want anyone to know about it."


My eyes widened like saucers.


Guinevere must think I'm shocked because I didn't know Marta could do such amazing things. She didn't know I was being shocked that Marta could be such a lying bitch!


She was taking the glory for what I did! And while I didn't want anyone knowing it was me, it still hurt to see someone lie confidently with my efforts. Could she be any worse?


"She's unbelievable," I huffed, but I didn't think Guinevere heard me.



"Did you say something,dear?"


I shook my head. I'd only be shooting myself in the leg if I told her Marta was lying.


"How's the man? Has he said anything since hewoke up?"


She explained to me that he'd mostly been sleeping and hadn't spoken much. She also told me who he was. He was just a regular member from a neighboring Pack.


"The few times he was awake, he's been insisting on meeting the doctor that saved him. So, Marta will be coming to see him soon."


My heart skipped a frantic beat. He wants to see me.


But now, Marta has claimed the glory.


No! What if he calls Marta what he called me? Or would he be able to tell that we're different?


Guinevere's phone rang, and she excused herself to pick it.


I stared at the man for some time. He was deep asleep. There was nothing I could do.






I returned home with this deep ache in my heart.I hated that I was this troubled.


Gods, I should've listened to Jace.


I dropped my bag on the bed and was about taking off my jewelry in front of the dresser when my eyes caught onto something on the table.


My brows furrowed as I picked it up, wanting to have a clear look at it. And when I read the note, my breath froze.
 
###Chapter 80 

MARTA



She walked into the patient's room with Guinevere.She had to wait around since the man was demanding for her and was called as soon as he was awake.


"Mr. Pete. How're you feeling?" She asked with a warm smile.



The man might have been sleeping for a long time,but he still looked dizzy.


He shifted his eyes to Guinevere. "I asked for the woman that healed me."



"You did. And she's in front of you," Guinevere furrowed her brows.



The man gave Marta a long stare before shaking his head. "She's not... She's not."

Chills spread through Marta's abdomen. This was the reason she had been reluctant to see him. But Guinevere kept insisting, saying their patient's satisfaction was important. And there wasn't much Marta could do to go against her superior.


She put up one of her best smiles as she addressed him again. "Sir, I understand that you've been in coma for a long time. You're probably confused and-"



"No. I saw her. I know what she looks like. I need to see her."



Marta's countenance fell. It was a good thing Guinevere was standing behind her and couldn't see the soured expression on her face.


"Mr. Rete, a lot of people come and go in this room.Nurses had to come in every single day to check on you. You're probably mistaking one of them for this woman. You're my patient, and I'm telling you, I was the one who brought you out of coma."


Still, the man shook his head, not convinced. He knew what the doctor looked like.


"She was beautiful," he voiced out, his eyes staring distantly at the ceiling. "Had green eyes, oval face,long hair." He sighed, his shoulders slumping."She was very beautiful. You're not her."


Marta's hands balled into fists.


"Could he be referring to Lyric?" Guinevere asked from behind, sending more fear to Marta's heart.


She could count the number of doctors that had those eyes, and judging from how beautiful the man claimed this person was, Guinevere could only think of Lyric.


"I-I don't think so," Marta stuttered, turning to the woman. "He's just very confused. I believe when he's rested enough, he'll see that he's mistaken."


The man shook his head, wanting to protest, but Marta put a hand on his shoulder. "You should sleep now,Mr.Pete."


But Guinevere spoke again, further complicating things for her. "Don't worry. I'll bring the doctor have in mind to you tomorrow. You'll tell me if she was the one or not."



****+****+



LYRIC



'If you want to have more of that dream, take this.You have a choice.



I read the note over and over again, wanting to be sure I wasn't mistaken.



Who left this in my room? How can anyone even have access to my lockedroom?



More importantly, how does anyone know about my dream?



I paced the room for minutes, digging my fingers into my hair, trying to make sense of the note.


My dream.



The one with Jaris. The one where I wanted more.


Of course, I'd been craving for more since it happened. But this...this note didn't seem right. Did Jaris send it?


No, he didn't. Jaris didn't like me. He wouldn't want to have anything to do with me.


But what was this pill?


I took it out of the small pack and observed it in my palm. I'd never seen it before. What if it was something dangerous?







Hours passed.



I couldn't eat.


Even Jace could tell there was something wrong when he came to check up on me. He asked, but l couldn't tell him the truth I couldn't tell him l'd been having sex dreams with Jaris, and now,someone just offered to help me keep having those dreams. I'd planned on questioning the twins' nanny today to know about their birth, but the pill had completely taken over my mind.


Even until midnight, I couldn't sleep.


I stood in front of the dresser, holding the pill in my hand.What kind of dream would I have if I took this?How different would it be from the one that happened the last time?


Despite how dangerous it was to take something strange given by someone unknown, I couldn't deny the fact that I was curious and wanted this. We might be at loggerheads in reality, but I wanted to feel more of him in my dream. I wanted him to kiss me.Wanted him to touch me more than he did the last time.



If I die being curious...well. I shrugged.


I looked at the time.It was past midnight.


My door was locked. Nobody could come into the room. And even if they do, at least, I'd be able to see their face at last.

 I was only going to enjoy the dream. That's it.


Taking a deep breath, I popped the pill into my mouth and swallowed with water.
###Chapter 81

LYRIC



I was shocked by how sudden the effect was. My head swirled, the room going in circles.


What the...


I lost my balance and would have dropped to the floor if I wasn't standing near the dresser to grip it tight.


Oh, gods. What have I done? What did I take!?


The sensation was worse than being drunk. It was just as if I'd been drugged by something heavier than my body could take.


Dragging my legs and swinging my arms around, I managed to reach the bed. But I didn't get to climb it as I ended up on the floor, my head resting on the edge.

I closed my eyes, my heart pounding in my ears.


After a few minutes, it felt better.


Not just better,but euphoric.


I giggled at the insane sensation.


My entire body seemed to be at so much peace. It felt like I was stuck between sleep and consciousness.


Was I in the dream already? If I was, then where was he? Where was Jaris? Where was the man that hated me,yet made me feel good in my dreams?


I knew the moment my door opened.


＊＊＊＊＋＊＊＊＊十十



JARIS



I knew Lyric was being tormented, just like me. 1overheard her telling her friend about the dream and how bothered she was about it.


She wanted this as much as I did. But the both of us could never bring ourselves to face reality.We could never admit it to ourselves or ever let it happen in reality.


So, this was the only way to go about it. By leaving it in the dream.


And that was all it was ever going to be. A dream.


She was on the floor when I walked in, her head propped on the bed. She was dressed, ready for bed,wearing a black transparent lace nightie. I'd be lying if I said it didn't look good on her. Everything about Lyric looked 'good', and it bothered me.


Grabbing her in my arms, I placed her on the bed.She stirred awake, though her lids were still heavy.


"Jaris.." she moaned, lifting a hand to touch my cheek."You came."


Funny how she never called me 'Alpha' when she's like this. She was more audacious this way.


My name had no business sounding so seductive on her tongue. No one called it the way she does.
Lyric Harper. Who exactly was she?


I gently stroke her hair, taking note of her eyes as they go close.


She wrapped her arms around me, fueling my desire.


"Kiss me," it was below a whisper. If I wasn't so close to her, I wouldn't have heard. "Please."


My dick jerked in my pants.


I'd never do this with the conscious Lyric. She probably would never want to do it with me either.But in this little world we've just created, I wanted to do much more to her.


I wanted to claim her and make her feel like mine.


It was only going to remain here, in our illusion. By morning, she would feel me but would still think this was a dream.


But me? I'd be plagued with these memories all day.


When she pulled me with her hand arouInd me,I gave what she asked. I kissed her. Savagely. Hungrily.I didn't have much patience in me tonight.


I lowered her lace from her chest, freeing her boobs that had clearly been aching from my touch. I took each of them into my mouth, sucking and biting hungrily.


She moaned, her back arching off the bed.


"Yes.Yes.More."


My dick jerked again, screaming to be freed from my pants. Screaming to go into her.


But I wasn't ready. Not yet.


Claiming her lips again, I let my hand wander down her thigh, down, down, until it got to the G-string shielding her.


Pushing it aside, I parted her nether lips. She gasped in response.


"Fuck, Lyric. You're so wet," I muttered against her lips before giving the lower one a little bite.


It drove me insane that she was this wet for me. Not for anyone else, but me.


I pushed a finger in, and her soft whimper resonated round the room. I left her lips, trailing kisses down her chest to her abdomen.


I sucked on her navel, barely able to contain my moan as I drew out deep pleasure from her lower belly.


While I fingered her, I did well to rub my thumb against her swollen clit. Her back ifted off the bed,her toes curling.


"Please...." she whimpered, her arms tightening around me. "More... More..." She exploded into a scream as she came around my finger.


I felt her clit throb beneath my thumb, her toes curling. Lyric was too responsive! She was the fun type in bed.


I watched her beautiful face as she climbed down from her high, her lips parted. Her eyes were still closed when she reached for the hardness in my jeans. She moaned in protest when she was met with a barrier which was my cloth.


"Jaris..." The way she called my name. It was needy.


Who would've thought that Lyric would want me just as much as I wanted her? This was a nice combo.


I got rid of my jeans, but not my shirt. As soon as i was back on her, her hand wrapped around my erection, squeezing hard.



"Fuck, Lyric!" I hissed.


She bit her bottom lip, her heavy eyes struggling to look at me. She looked like an enticing femme fatale right now.


She continued squeezing and pulling me toward her wet entrance, small whimpers of need escaping her.This whole time, I'd been stalling, trying to rethink my decision. But she wasn't making it any easy on me.This might all be a dream in her head, but Lyric wanted me just as much as I wanted her. In a world where we might never be able to have this to
 ourselves, she secretly wanted this. And maybe i could live with that.


Rolling the condom on, I fisted myself in my hand before thrusting into her.


She gasped, her head falling back, her head going completely closed.


"Oh, Jace..." The way she moaned my name... It didn't make it any easy on me.


I drilled inside her, relishing in the feeling of finally having her wrapped around me. It was nothing likeI'd thought it'd be. It was far far better.


I'd been with a lot of women, yet none could rival Lyric right now. None was like her.


Sucking on the hollow of her neck, I forced myself to move, slowly. She was so tight, it begged the question of the last time she must have had sex.It was pure bliss.



As she wrapped her arms around me, holding me like she would for dear life, I cradled her head while I took

 her.


Tonight, it was just the two of us.


Tonight,nothing else mattered.


If Lyric hadn't betrayed me, I'd own up to this and give her a huge compliment tomorrow.


Because she was the best thing l've ever tasted.The best thing after five years.


For the first time, I didn't cum in my hand in my bathroom. I came inside Lyric Harper, the very core I've been idolizing for weeks.


For a long time, we laid still, our ragged breaths reverberating in the room. It wasn't until it dawned on me that I was still holding her like an egg or something before I regained my senses and pulled away.


She moaned from the loss of my body. Her eyes were closed now. No doubt, she was deeply asleep.

 
I fixed her lace, fixed her hair and tucked her into 
bed. I was just as spent as she was and badly needed to crash on the bed. If Lyric and I were a normal couple, I'd have fallen asleep next to her.


I got rid of the condom, fixed my pants, and opening the door, I stopped to stare at the woman in bed.I knew she was exhausted, as was I. Yet, she was so tempting, all I wanted to do was rid her of her clothes and take her again.


"Lyric Harper," I murmured under my breath. "What have you done to me?"


****+****+



LYRIC



It happened.



The dream.



For over a minute since I woke up, I remained sitting in bed,replaying the dream in my head.


Someone did come.Someone that felt and sounded like Jaris. There was this continuous ache between my legs that I couldn't quite understand. But in the meantime,I focused on the unclear memories from my dream.


We had...sex.Good sex.


I gasped, my hand flying to my mouth. We really had sex. I think I need to have my head checked. Why would I keep having these sorts of dreams?


I decided to wash off in the bathroom. It wasn't until |took my first step that it dawned on me. I was very sore between my legs.


My eyes widened in horror as I fell back on the bed,staring in-between my legs. Was I supposed to feel the physical impact of my dream?
###Chapter 82

Dread settled in my stomach as I undressed to check myself. There was no smeared cum on me or anything. It didn't 'look' like l'd been touched. But l could 'feel' it. His arms around me. His mouth on mine.His smell.


This was too real to be a dream.


A few minutes later, I was with the ICT guys, asking them for a footage. Well, I was their Luna, and the moment I told them that someone might have broken into my room, they didn't hesitate to give me what l wanted.



I checked the footage, and it came as a punch to the gut when I couldn't find anything. No one had entered my room, not even while I was at work.


So, was it all a dream? Was that how the pill worked?It made everything feel real?
When I bathed that morning, I didn't try to pleasure myself. I already felt this deep satisfaction in my belly. This unexplainable peace.It bothered me.


****+



JARIS


I had done a lot of bad things in life. Killed people for committing minor offenses, and hurt those I shouldn't have.


Yet, none had been as relieving as it was, having a taste of Lyric.


I might not have used the right approach, but I didn't even care anymore.


Last night was one of the best nights I have had in a while. I slept more peacefully and woke up feeling as a light as a newborn.


The last time I felt this way was five years ago.1didn't think it was possible for any other woman to make me feel the same way Princess made me felt back then. I thought that experience was gone forever,with her.


Throughout the meeting I had that morning,I couldn't stop thinking about her. Lyric.


It was upsetting how much space she occupied in my head, considering the fact that this lady and I are not even friends and might never be.


When the meeting finished and I headed downstairs with Nerion and my assistant, we came across a mall in the complex. It wasn't the first time I was having a meeting there, neither was it the first time I was walking past that mall. But it was the first time it drew my attention. Because I spotted a dress I knew would look good on her.


I stood, my hand gently in my shirt pocket as l observed the diamond-studded dress. I imagined her in it, her hair packed into a messy bun, her eyes dark and her lips stained with red. She'd look magnificent.



"Do you wish to get it for Marta?" Nerion asked beside me. It was all I could do not to roll my eyes at him and ask if he'd lost his mind. When have I ever gotten things for Marta myself?


Whenever she wanted to shop, I only gave her the card and let her do the rest herself.


I turned away from the show glass, resuming my walk out of the building with my entourage behind me. But as I did, I got an idea. The only time Lyric had gone shopping was for the mating ceremony.


Taking out my phone, I dialed Kael who I knew was in Darkspire.


"Kael. I need you to do something for me."


****++****



LYRIC



Jace kept me company through the morning.


We were in my room, him casually lying in my bed and talking random stuff after we just had breakfast.Someone knocked on the door, interrupting us. "I'll get it."


I stood up and opened the door, and on the other side was Kael. His eyes traveled past my shoulder,landing on Jace. His shoulders grew tense at once.


"Hi." I cleared my throat, bringing his eyes back to me.


"Lyric." Just like that, his serious expression was back. "Please, dress up. I've been asked to take you somewhere."


My brows furrowed. "Can I...know where? And who asked you?"


"Alpha Jaris. You can dress simple. I'll wait in the car."


He was gone before I could ask any question.


I closed the door, turning to Jace wth a look of 'this is what I have to go through in his hand.'


"He told you to dress simple. I don't think it's somewhere serious," Jace muttered, not looking at me.


His eyes looked distant, like he was thinking about something.







I met Kael in the car and got in the backseat.


"Can I know where we're going now?"


But the grumpy ass still didn't say a word.


We drove for some time and into a large shopping complex.Okay...


"The Alpha wants you to shop for new dresses," Kael finally said.


My brows shot to my hairline.


Okay.Was he kidding me?


"I don't... understand. Why? Are we going somewhere?"


He shook his head. "He just wants you to have them for other occasions." Getting out of the car, he opened my car door for me.I was forced to get out.


Now, I understood why he didn't tell mne about this in the pack. He knew I was likely to kick against it.


"I didn't even come with the black card!" I grumbled when it suddenly dawned on me on our way in.


"Don't worry. I have a substitute."


Right.


I had my arms crossed over my chest as we walked into the place. Two sales reps were quick to welcome me.


Kael stood back while they led me into the deeper part of the store, showing me their really pretty dresses.


They looked too expensive! How many could l possibly get from here? And why was Jaris doing this?


My stomach tightened when I thought of my last dream. Him sending me on this shopping spree wasn't helping at all.






For over an hour, I tried different dresses and ended up leaving with more than five bags. I'd wanted to stop a long time ago, but Kael showed up and told the ladies to get me more until he thought it was enough.


I was amazed.


I thanked him in the car, a part of me excited that I actually got the clothes. They were quite pretty.


I guess I'd have to thank Jaris later. As hard as it'd be.
###Chapter 83

LYRIC


Among the clothes I picked, corporate wears were among. And as I got ready to go to TCH,I wore one of them.


It was a grey knee-length dress, and I didn't think I'd ever been more in love with the color.


I went to TCH for my nightshift, my heart feeling lighter and warmer.



I wasn't new to this feeling. I was happy, and each time I was, there was always something to ruin my joy. This frightened me more than anything.


The warmth was quick to diminish when I ran into Marta on the ground floor. Right. What an awesome way to start my evening. Fortunately,she looked like she was leaving.

We walked past each other without saying a word,but that was until I recalled what I had in mind.


"Congratulations, Marta." I faked a smile as I turned to her.


She was on me in seconds,her face cold.


"I was told you have been performing a lot of wonders in the ward lately. First, it was Mr. Owen.Now it's Pete." I clicked by tongue. "You're a genius."


I didn't miss his uneasy she became. But it was Marta. She'd combust before she let someone see her guilty she was.


"Thank you. I've always been good at the game.It's the reason I've lasted in TCH and became a head doctor." She shrugged defiantly.


I forced my fake smile to stay on, even though all I wanted to do was tell her how much of a liar she was.Did she know I was the actual one behind the glory?Hopefully,not.


"That reminds me, Lyric," she stepped into my line of sight. "I've noticed your growing attachment to doctor Guinevere and would like to remind you that Guinevere is simply our supervisor. Over here, in our department, I'm your head, Lyric. So, I'd advise you start running things through me. You'll get your assignments through me, and if you have any questions, I'm the one to ask."


I bit the inside of my cheeks, forcing myself to stay calm.



"Do you understand, Lyric?" HHer gaze was piercing.


Ugh.I hated that bossy look in her face.


But I didn't give her the satisfaction of replying to her stupid words. So, I walked out on her, feeling her burning glare on my back.







Guinevere must have been keeping an eye out for me, because not long after I got into my office,she arrived.


We talked warmly for sometime before she told me about the patient demanding for me. It was enough to make my stomach drop.


Oh,gods.


I tried to bid my time with Guinevere, but it was impossible when she was hell bent on taking me to the man.


I felt a little assured that he hadn't told my secret yet.Otherwise, Guinevere's tone would have been different.



Maybe it was better I talk to him to know what he wanted and see how I could avoid him.


I was beyond nervous as I walked into the room.The man was awake, sitting up and eating. There was a woman before him. Judging from her age, I guessed she was his wife.



The man's eyes lit up the second he saw me. "It's her!"



I glanced at Guinevere, not missing the surprise in her face. "Did you treat him?" My stomach knotted with nerves. I licked my lips as l shook my head. "Let me talk to him."


The man dropped his plate. And to my greatest relief,he dismissed Guinevere and the woman before him,saying he wanted to speak to me in private.


I noticed his face lolked much better. On our way to the room, Guinevere mentioned he could be discharged the next day.


"What's the name?" He asked, his eyes raking over me.


I hesitated, then realized he could easily get it torn Guinevere if he wanted.



"Lyric."


"Lyric. I'm Pete." He sighed. "I wanted to thank you for saving me."


My throat ran dry. "I think you're mistaken, sir. 1wasn't-"


"You're a Siphon." He cut me off, the confidence in his tone chilling. "I saw your face.I know what you did."


I glanced at the door. We were alone. I could feel safe.


I didn't want to believe this man would be a threat in any way. He'd have exposed mne already,right?


"I know because, sixty years ago, my sister was one."His countenance fell, sadness marring lines on his forehead.



My eyes lit up, my brows scrunching.


Oh.



"Maelisa." His eyes were on the floor now,thoughtfully. "She was my little sister. My bestfriend.But our parents, the moment they knew what she was," his face grew tighter. "They handed her over themselves."



What?



My jaw dropped, a gasp slipping through. "They said she was a curse and meant more harm to them. They gladly took her to the King, and she was... she was..." Ye shook his head, unable to get the words out.


She was executed. There were no two ways about it.


In our world, Siphons were the greatest form of taboo. We've never been accepted. A weapon that could cause so much harm from mere touch.


The thought sent shivers down my spine.


"Before Maelisa was killed," he smiled. "She used to play with her gift a lot. She'd heal me each time I hurt myself or got sick. We didn't even know what she was yet. We only knew she could take ailment away by touching you."


Gift. I didn't miss that detail. He saw it as a gift, not a curse.



The gloom returned in his eyes when he looked at me. "What you carry is special, girl. But the world sees you as evil. You shouldn't be here. If Maelisa and I were grown enough to know better, we'd have run for the heels when we had the chance. Too bad our own parents betrayed us."


A tight ball formed in my throat. It was a difficulty to swallow.


I should run. Everyone keeps telling me. Yet, here l was, held back by something I couldn't explain.


"I didn't know there's been another Siphon in recent years,"I murmured.


"It's been sixty years. The King and his Alphas made sure to bury the truth. They didn't want the public to know and panic."



"I'm sorry about your sister." My eyes dropped to the floor. "I didn't ask to be this. If I could,I'd just want to be normal like everyone else."


"We can't really choose our fate, can we?" He shrugged. "You should take my advise, child. Run as fast as you can. These people, you might think you're helping them, but the moment they learn the truth, they'd treat you worse than a slave."


His eyes darkened. "I was there. I remember what they did to Maelisa. Nobody deserves to go through that for being something they could not control."


A cold liquid touched my cheek. I sniffled and realized I'd been crying.


I was in danger here. My kind would never be accepted.I should leave.


But Xylon... He was only getting better because of me. I didn't want to imagine what would happen if l abandon him.

###Chapter 84

LYRIC


Moments later, I left the man's room feeling more troubled. Guinevere was waiting just around the corner and watched me with beady eyes.


"Did you cry?" She looked confused.



I sniffled, shaking my head. "The man and I...we just had a light talk."


"So, what did he say? Did you treat him? I'm confused because Marta insisted it was her."



This was so difficult. But I needed to start clearing my tracks if I wanted to live.


"It was Marta. Yesterday, while going on my rounds,I briefly checked on Mr. Pete. I didn't know he was already regaining consciousness. That must've been when Marta already... you know? Worked on him. was the first doctor he saw. So, he just concluded it must be me." It was getting easier to lie by the day.


Definitely not a good thing.


"Oh. I see." Guinevere nodded. "Did he say anything else,though?"


I swallowed hard. "Yes. Just about how lonely it was when he was in coma. He's fine now."



We started walking, heading to our offices.


"Are you fine, Lyric? I noticed you've been trying not to limp," Guinevere asked, making my heart skip a beat.


Has it been obvious? How did I not notice?


"I...." I licked my lips. "It's nothing. I just hurt my leg this morning.But I'll be fine."


No. I was not fine. I needed to understand why my dream was having a physical effect on me. I got home by morning. I was exhausted and desired nothing but a warm bath and some sleep.


I got a text from Juan, asking me if I had plans for the evening or could spend time with them. I was distracted texting her back and didn't realize the person coming before me.


By the time I noticed and decided to look, my bag nearly fell from my hand.


Jaris.



He was so close. If I hadn't looked when I did,we'd have bumped into each other.


And that was what confused me. He was coming my way, knew I was distracted, yet didn't try to step out of the way. Did he want me to bump into him?


I adjusted the strap of my bag, lowering my eyes to the floor.


"Good morning, Alpha." I noticed his eyes lingering on my face.Well, there was nothing to look at. I was as exhausted as anyone could be.


He simply nodded and walked past me, not breaking his stride.



Kael was behind him and gave me a curt nod.


Seeing Kael,I realized I was forgetting something.


"Alpha!" I spun around.


He stopped walking and turned to him. This time,l was forced to look into his face. Geez. I was really hoping I wouldn't have to stare at him. It was killing;especially with the sexual memories flooding me.


"I-I wanted to thank you for yesterday. The clothes."I took a dry gulp when I finished.


I still found it a little strange that he did that. He was always so grumpy toward me that his acts of kindness felt suspicious.


Like the first time,he simply nodded and continued on his way. I was forced to roll my eyes. Grumpy ass.


It sent shivers down my spine at the thought of having sex with this man in the dream.



＊＊＊＊十



I bathed, ate and slept for a couple of hours.When I was well-rested, I headed to the kids' roomn,knowing I had something important to do.


Thankfully, the nanny I was hoping to meet was there. Mrs. Bastina had been taking care of the kids since they were born. If anyone could give me answers on their birth, it was her.


The kids, like always, were happy to see me. I helped them with their homework and chatted with Mrs.Bastina afterward.



Xylon was feeling much better. In no time, he'd be completely healed and I'd be free to go.


I was still surprised that my powers were yet to completely siphon his sickness away. When the kids were busy playing games,I confronted Mrs. Bastina with my very important question.


"Were you here when the kids were born?"


She replied without hesitation. "Not at all. But I was here even before Marta returned from Oryndor where she had the twins. I was already here and waiting to assist her."


I took a nervous gulp. Jace was right. She didn't have the twins in the country.


"Okay... But did you know when Marta was pregnant?"


"Of course," she chuckled. "I'd been working here as the head maid for six years before then.I was here even before Marta met with the Alpha. So,I know everything about her relationship with him. Including when she became pregnant."


She gazed up at the ceiling, a small smile touching her lips as if replaying the memory. "I remember everyone being so happy, then. It was a good time in Darkspire."


Yeah,I could imagine.


"And when did she leave the country?"


My question brought her down from her haze."Oh.When she was about four months gone. She and Luna Isolde were always having issues, you know?The Luna never really liked her despite being pregnant with her grandchildren. Marta was exhausted and insisted on having the kids in a calmer environment with her mother. Alpha Jaris did not object."



At four months, it was normal not to have a bump.So, if Marta wasn't pregnant, they wouldn't have any idea since she left at four months.



"Did anyone...actually ever see her with a bump?"


Mrs. Bastina's smile dropped. She finally realized my questions were heading in a specific direction.


"If you don't mind me asking, Luna, is there a problem?"



I bit the insides of my cheek for a second.


"Actually, no. I was just curious."


Okay. This was it. I had to stop here if I didn't want to look suspicious.



"Thank you for your time, Mrs. Bastina. I'l just get some rest."



I started toward the door.


"Of course, we all saw her pregnant." The woman's voice stopped me at the door. "From time to time,she sent pictures."



Right. Pictures of her possibly wearing a bump.


But she added. "There was even a time the Alpha had gone to visit her."


I bit my lip. For a moment, I thought this was it.The Alpha would have noticed it was fake if he was there,right?But what if she had been careful enough not to let him close enough to notice it was fake? Someone with a scheme like hers would undoubtedly be very smart.



I managed a smile at the woman. "Thank you."



＊＊＊＊十



To my horror, by the time I got to the room, a pack of pills was already there,waiting.


Whoever it was, they didn't just send one of them this time. They sent a whole pack. Like they expected me to keep taking it.


There was a small note beside it. 'Our little secret.'


This had gone beyond creepy. These pills don't just magically appear. Someone keeps dropping them here.


Yet, when I checked the cameras, I couldn't find anything. For Moon's sake, who was doing this to me? 

By nightfall, I was still staring at the pill, untouched.


What if none of this was a dream? And this stupid pill was only meant to convince me otherwise?


I gave it a long hard thought. There was only one way to find out if someone had been messing with my head.


I took the pill from the table but didn't swallow.I held it tight in my palm as I laid in boed.


Tonight, I'd understand if someone had been sneaking into my room or not and making me feel these things I think are dreams.


Tonight,I'll catch the culprit.

 ###Chapter 85

LYRIC


Sunlight streamed through the window, resting on my face.


I stirred awake from the discomfort, turning away from the sunlight and yawning.


My head was a little light. It took a moment longer for the memory to flood in.


Only this time...there was no memory.


I slept peacefully through the night.


He didn't come. Nobody made love to me.


Looking at the side of the bed, I found the pill there.


I brushed my fingers into my hair, completely down.


The dream didn't happen because I didn't take the pill. Did this mean all the memories truly did happen in my dream? None of it was physical?


＊＊＊＊十十



I was so disoriented that even Jace noticed while l was having lunch with him.


"Do you need a bigger spoon to turn your meal with?I could get one from the kitchen, you know?" He taunted.


I rolled my eyes, snapping out of my thoughts.


"I'm serious, Ly. For the past one minute, that's all you've been doing on this table. Now, are you gonna tell me what the hell is wrong with you?"


I finally took a bite from my fries. It was tasteless on my tongue.


I couldn't blame myself for not eating when my mind was plagued by these sex dreams.


"It's fine," I murmured.


He tried some more to get it out of me, but there was no way I was admitting to him that I'd been having sex dreams of a man who disliked me. It was too embarrassing.


"When are we telling the truth about the kids?" He asked a while later when he's given up on trying to get my problems out of me.


Here we go. Another problem.


"l-We just need time." I stabbed the mushroom with my fork.


"Time? Okay, how long sweetie? Five more years to match the kids' age? Or maybe we should wait until they're of legal age. That'll make it better won't it?"


"Jace..."


"I understand that you love the kids. Trust me, I could never mean harm to those cute little things. But we're talking about deceit, Lyric. Even they are being deceived into thinking they're with their family.Have you thought for once that their real family might be out there, mourning their loss? Marta must know where they come from. Wouldn't you want them to be reunited with their loved ones?"


Now, he did hit a sensitive spot.


I very well knew how much it hurt to lose a child. The children's parents might have been mourning their loss. Unless, they willingly gave the twins out. But we might never know if we don't try.


I just felt really bad for Xyla and Xylon. Their lives could take a drastic turn. Even Jaris might never forgive Marta. And worse, what if he grows to hate the kids? That man could be very unpredictable.


"You're right," I murmured, staring down at my plate.
"We should tell the truth."


Seconds passed.


"Goodness, Lyric. Are you crying?"


I lifted my gaze from my plate and realized I was. Oh,what is wrong with me?





 
In the end, even Jace had a hard time choosing a date to reveal the truth. But we concluded we'd get it done within the week,at least.


After lunch with him, I went for my appointment.


I was on a day off at TCH which was why I had the luxury of time.


I walked into Nivia's room and was warmly welcomed by her.


Nivia was one of the best psychological doctors.I was never really a fan of her type, but at this point,I didn't have a choice. I feared I'd lose my mind if l didn't get to understand what was wrong with me.


She offered me some tea and made me give her a brief history of what the problem was.


"Tell me all about it, dear. How did you meet this man?"



I stared at the space between my legs as I spoke."Five years ago. He took care of me when no one else did. It was just one night," a smile tugged at my lips. "But it was the best night I'd ever had." The memory was still very fresh like it happened yesterday. I still think of the very moment Jaris had taken off his mask and get goosebumps. And the magicaI moment he took mine off and called me 'Princess' when I'd expected him to mock me.


"But he hurt you." Nivia probed, her eyes studying me. "Didn't he?"



A tear slid down my cheek as I nodded. "He fixed me,then broke me."



"Okay, darling. Keep going. Now, you two met again and you think you're still in love with him?"


The question prompted me to hesitate and reflect.Was I still in love with Jaris wvhen I saw him again after five years?



I tried to remember my reaction the first day we met at his Pack. Of course, what was I saying? I'd been in love with Jaris every single day for the past five years.


I watched his lives grow inside me. I spent everyday wishing and hoping he'd find me. He never did.


"Yes," I whimpered. "I still do. But he doesn't love me anymore.He keeps hurting me."


Nivia nodded, scribbling down in her book.


"And now," I sniffled. "I keep having these dreams of him. They wouldn't stop. I don't even know what to do anymore."


"What kind of dreams?"


I nervously Fiddled with my fingers. "S-Sex dreams."


Nivia took down more notes.


"I wake up, feeling like it was real. Like I could still feel his touch on mne. I don't know what is wrong with me."


Nivia was silent for a while as she took in more note in her book. When she finally looked up at me again,she had an opinion.


"Darling, I think you're truly obsessed with this man.It's the only reason you'd be having these dreams of him.Have you considered telling him how you feel?"Huh?


For the first time since I walked in, I laughed genuinely.


Tell Jaris Dreadmoor how I felt? Not even if I get the instruction from the Moon goddess herself.


"It's not possible." I shook my head. "Both of us...we are always at a disagreement. I think we were cursed never to be together."


*+****+



I felt better by the time I left Nivia's place. She tried to convince me to open up to 'him' about how I felt,but in the end, I refused. There was no telling what Jaris would do to me if he gets to know I liked him.Our issues were probably going to escalate.


She also advised me to find a distraction so I could stop thinking of him. She advised me to hang out with friends, see a movie, read books. Just anything to take my mind off it. I thought I'd give it a try.


But when night came and I was alone in my room, I stared at the pack of pills in my hand.


Maybe the first step to healing would be to flush these down the toilet. But a strange part of me couldn't bring myself to do it.


How could I let go of the tiniest part I had or Jaris?These pills might be a mystery, but at least,they helped me satisfy some of my fantasies. Wouldn't it be foolish to just let it go?


Besides, none of it was real. I'd never do this physically with Jaris. It was all a dream.


Taking one out of the pack, I popped it in my mouth,and like the first time, the sensation came. I was at the brink of consciousness, aware of my surroundings but still not aware at the same time.


Then,he came.


He touched me and made love to me in one of the sweetest ways.Made me feel so good. How could I ever stop having these dreams of Jaris Dreadmoor?
###Chapter 86
JACE



What were the chances of bumping into someone you didn't wish to see?


For Jace, it was ninety.


He was at his father's complex, reviewing sales when a particular client walked in with a young, fine woman.



A client he hadn't spoken to in days.


Kael.



After the awkward incident at Jaris' party,Jace had been doing all he could to avoid meeting with Kael.It was stressful that everyday at Darkspire, he had to pray not to run into him.


He was sitting at the sales desk, the big book open in front of him. But his mind totally left the book and was occupied with Kael making his way into the shop with the beautiful lady's hand around his.


They both tensed when they locked eyes on each other.



The sales girls approached them immediately,offering them a warm welcome. But the woman beside Kael did the talking as he was busy staring at Jace.



It took all of Jace's willpower to end the awkward stare and rise to his feet.



"Kael. I'd love to say we're glad to have you here but,this is the women's section." He tried to sound as grumpy as he always did, only it wasn't too effective at the moment.


"I have eyes, Jace. I'm here for her."


The woman stopped talking with the sales girls to look at Jace. "Hi! Do you own the place?"


"You could say that." "Okay, cool. We're here to change my wardrobe, and I heard this is one of the best places for that."



She went with the sales girls to make some selections with Kael accompanying her.


Her hand remained around his. And somehow,Jace couldn't get his eyes off it.


It was none of his business. She was beautiful, and any man would be lucky to have her.


Of course, an asshole like Kael was capable of love.He was lucky to have someone like her.


He returned to his seat, going through the reports. A minute later, he was still stuck on one page. Of course, why wouldn't he when he couldn't stop staring at the couple in front of him.



His throat suddenly felt dry. He requested water from one of the girls, and the clumsy girl accidentally spilled some on him.



"Oh, my! I'm so sorry!" "What is wrong with you, Camille!?" Jace roared at her, thumping his fist against the table. "How many times will you keep making these stupid mistakes!?"


The lady startled, her hands shaking slightly."I'm sorry. It won't happen again."


She quickly grabbed a napkin to dab the water.


Looking at the couple again, Jace found Kael staring at him. Somehow, that infuriated him.


"Why don't you keep your eyes on the clothes?" He rasped.


Kael cocked a brow. The other girls in the shop looked at him with surprise.


That was when he realized. He was overreacting.


Damn it. He was never one to get easily angry. What was wrong with him today?


Concluding he needed some air, he angrily left the shop.


Just outside, Camille was wringing the napkin she had used on the water inside. She looked very sad.


Jace realized he was wrong for what he did. Camille was one of his best staff. He shouldn't have yelled at her like that.


"Camille." He placed a hand on her shoulder, making her look at him. "I didn't mean what I said,okay?I just got mad and-"


He paused when her eyes widened like she had seen something shocking. She was staring past his shoulder.



"Sir!" She screamed just before she flipped them around, trying to bring them both to the floor.


Gunshots rang through the air. Repeatedly. Then everything went blank.


****+****+



LYRIC



"Prepare hin for triage!" I shouted at the nurses as we wheeled him on the stretcher.
"Clear the space! Make way!"


Blood.


My hands were covered with Jace's blood.


It wasn't the first time I was dealing with blood.But it was the first time it was someone closest to me. My bestfriend.


Jace was dying. The lady that had been shot alongside him was already dead on arrival. She was unlucky as the silver bullets had penetrated deep into her heart.


Jace got some in his chest, but his heart must be mildly wounded as he was still alive. But he was bleeding to death. We were losing him.


Guinevere came in to assist me and the nurses.


"We've administered some fluids but his vitals aren't stabilizing," I said, my heart racing as I prepped the equipment.


Guinevere accessed him. "The bullets must have penetrated his heart. We need to perform surgery to have them removed."


She was right. Without the surgery to remove the bullets, my powers won't work on him. I couldn't siphon physical things. So, there was no way he'd heal if I tried to siphon the pain away while the bullets were still physically stuck in his heart.


My hands shook as we rushed him to the surgical ward.Kael was waiting outside and came to us.


"How's he? Just tell me the truth!"


He was covered in blood. He had rushed into the hospital carrying Jace on his back.Considering how heavy Jace was, I knew it must have required a lot of strength.


"He'll be fine," I threw at him without a glance.


Reaching the surgical ward, doctor Guinevere prepared to perform the surgery.


"I'll do it." I doned the normal gloves. "I can do it." This was no time to hide my powers. It was Jace. It didn't matter if I got caught or not. I wasn't losing him.
###Chapter 87 

LYRIC


After an hour, the surgery was successful.


As soon as the bullets were out and my hands continued touching him, I felt him getting better.


The other doctors didn't know what was happening.Didn't know I was making everything faster with my powers.


"He'll be awake soon. He just needs some rest now,"I told the other doctors before leaving the ward.


I rushed to the restroom to wash my hands.I was still shaking, and before I knew it, I was in tears.


I almost lost Jace. If I hadn't been here to save him,it'd have been a whole different story.


Who would dare do this to him? Jace never stepped on people's toes. Why would anyone want him dead? 
I spent a long time in the restroom until I was calm enough to leave. Jace had been moved from the surgical ward to a normal room. He was still asleep,Kael beside him.


"Are you sure he'll be fine?" Kael asked in a raspy voice the moment I made my way in.


"Yeah. You don't have to worry."


I paused, actually taking the moment in. Kael being worried about Jace. It was strange. Though, it was a beautiful sight.


"Can you tell me what happened?"I inquired.


Kael took his time, going over the details. He was sure they'd come for Jace, because, had his late staff not flipped them over, he'd have been the one dead.


I felt so bad for the lady who didn't make it.


Just as he finished the narration, Jace stirred awake.

I gasped, running over to meet him."J-Jace! Are you alright?"


He let out a small grunt, his hand going to his chest,his eyes fluttering close.


"Tell me. Do you feel pain anywhere? Just tell me."


He hesitated for a moment before shaking his head.Then, he opened his eyes.


"I'm fine, Lyric. What happened?" He looked around."Camille..."



"You're fine." I breathed. "That's all that matters,Jace."


"You need to be stronger than this, you know? You gave everyone a scare," Kael said, making Jace to look at him.



"I didn't ask you to be here. Go back to your girlfriend, wherever she is." Jace was in pain, yet he couldn't miss the chance the talk back at Kael, even as he spoke weakly.


"What the hell? She's not my girlfriend. That's my sister,dummy."


I noticed Jace's surprise. His Adam Apple was visible as he swallowed."Whatever."



He looked at me. "Camille. Was she brought in as well? How's she?"


My countenance fell, the words too heavy to let out."I'm sorry. Sh-She was already dead on arrival."


"What?" His face crumpled up.


"I'm sorry, Jace."


He forced himself to sit up, even though I triedto stop him.


"Camille is dead!?" A tremor ran through his voice."Damn it!"


He buried his face in his palms, his shoulders shaking. She must have been a really good staff. Of course, she saved his life.


"It should have been me," he lifted his face from his palm to say. "They came for me,but Camille took the bullet instead."



His eyes smoldered with rage as he looked at me."We know who did this."



"Jace..."



"What're you talking about?" Kael stepped forward.

"You know who wants you dead?"


"Yes. And as a matter of fact, you know her too."


"Jace, no." I put a hand on his.


"No. Let me be, Lyric! If you had let me done this when I wanted to, maybe Camille wouldn't be dead.At least, she wouldn't try to kill me when everyone would have eyes on her."



My hand dropped from his, pain stabbing at my chest. He blamed me for this.


"Who are you referring to?" Kael insisted. "A life was lost here. You shouldn't hold back."


There was silence for a heartbeat."Wh-What're you doing?" I panicked whenever he rose from the bed.



"I'm going to Darkspire. I'm telling Jaris the truth."


Oh,gods.


"B-But you can't be on your feet already.You have to-"


"I feel perfectly fine, Lyric. I believe you also know that," he snapped at me.


My heart just kept getting hurt. It was the first tme Jace was really angry at me.


Well, maybe I deserved it. I stopped him from telling the truth and now his friend was dead.



He stormed out of the room with Kael following.And a minute later, I did the same.







Marta was on her off day. She was at Darkspire when we arrived. Jace went right to Jaris' office. Unfortunately, he was also home.



My eyes were swollen from how much I'd cried during the ride home. The kids were about to get heartbroken. Even Jaris was about to get heartbroken.Why did Marta have to do all of this?


I followed Jace to Jaris' office where he requested an audience.



"I have something important to share, but I need Marta present."


When Kael added that it was important, Jaris gave the go-head to send for Marta.


The Alpha kept staring at me but I couldn't even meet his gaze. He must probably be curious about me crying.


A while later, Marta walked back in with Kael and also Luna Isolde.



Goodness, this was about to get very messy. Marta couldn't hide her nervousness when she looked at Jace. I watched her try and fail to put on her mean look.



No. Today, she was fully terrified.


"She's here. What is it you have to share?" Jaris leaned back on his chair, but his expression was beyond curious.


"Marta here tried to kill me," Jace began. "My staff died trying to save me." He looked at Marta as he said this part. "Camille was a good girl. She didn't deserve that."


Marta held his stare until he looked away, taking them back to Jaris.


"She tried to kill me because I discovered something interesting about her."


"Stop this madness!" Marta finally spoke for the first time, her voice shaking.



Jace didn't even glance her way. "Alpha Jaris, Xylon and Xyla are not yours. Marta was never pregnant for you."
###Chapter 88

LYRIC


The room fell into heavy silence. Heads turned to Marta.



Luna Isolde sprang to her feet. "What!? What nonsense is this!?"



Jace continued with his narration. "Five years ago,on the thirteen of June, we met in Oryndor. I didn't know who she was, neither did she. But when I got to the Pack, I noticed she had been avoiding me. lt wasn't until I met her that I realized why." He looked at Marta. "When we met in Oryndor, she should have been eight months pregnant. But she was not. Her stomach was as flat as that of a model's."


My pulse quickened, like I was the one who just got exposed.


"No." Marta shook her head, going closer to him. "You are a bloody liar from the pit of hell.I have never met you before now. I'd never have anything to do with you!"



"Are you sure?" Jace tilted his head, his expression taunting. "Take a look at what you did to me, Marta.Too bad you missed."


Tensed silence filled the room as Marta and Jace engaged in a heated glare challenge.


"Marta!" Luna Isolde rasped. "What is he talking about? You better start explaining yourself. Tell me this is nonsense!"


"Of course, it is!" Her eyes glistened with tears as she whirled around to face the Luna. "I don't know this guy. He's just some worthless human trying to ruin things for us! Everyone saw me pregnant! I kept sending pictures! Even one time," she turned to Jaris."You came to visit, didn't you? You saw me pregnant.So,how could any of that be fake?"


I looked at Jaris. The Alpha remained eerily silent, as if he were carved from rock. He'd been like that sinceJaris made the revelation, and even if he was quiet, I knew better than to underestimate that kind of look.It was a mood that depicted how furious he was.


"Please!" Marta was in tears now. She too must be terrified of Jaris' mood. "He's lying."


She suddenly turned to me. "Is this you? Are you looking for a way to kick me and my kids out? I can understand if you're desperate, Lyric, but coming after my poor kids? How shameless can you be?"


Wait, what? My jaw dropped, and it took me a moment to get myself together.


"Have you gone crazy? You think I'd come up with something this huge just to sabotage you? You think I'd risk everything for a lie?"


Now I was mad at her. How could she try to pin the whole thing on me?



Jaris stood up, and the tension in the room amplified.Even Marta seemed to hold her breath as she watched him walk from his table. He pinned her with his stare, his jaw set on a hard line. Time seemed to stretch, until finally, he stood toe to toe with Marta.



More tears spilled her cheeks, her breath unsteady.


For a moment, he simply looked at her, his eyes dark and unreadable.



"Do not lie tome, Marta." His voice was like ice when he spoke.


I couldn't help but shiver from where I stood.This wasn't looking good. Jaris was mad furious and was only trying so hard to control it.


"Is he telling the truth?" He completed his question.


Marta shook her head so hard I thought she'd get dizzy. "I swear to you, they are all lies! I'd never lie to you, Jaris. Xylon and Xyla are ours."


Jaris nodded, but anyone could tell his calmness was deceptive. "You wouldn't mind a DNA test, then,would you?" The sudden fear that crept onto Marta's face was evident. It almost gave her away.


"...I..." She wiped tears from her face. "Jaris, that isn't necessary. We don't have to waste any time on what this nuisance said."


Jaris lifted his hand to her cheek, gently stroking it."Marta," he called calmly. "If I find out you're lying to me," he shook his head. "It'll not just be the worst mistake of your life. It'll be the one that ends you."


I noticed her shiver. She was too scared to say another word.


Moving away from her, Jaris met Jace. "And you, if |find out all of these were a lie, you'll regret you ever knew me."



Jaris looked too threatening. He looked every bit like the terrifying Alpha he was. The ruthless man who killed people without second thoughts. The one who ripped out that poor boy's heart at the club months ago because he thought they were forcing themselves on me. At this point, I was scared for Jace. I really did hope he was telling the truth.


"You have nothing to worry about. I have a reputation and wouldn't come up with something like this if it were a lie," Jace replied.


Jaris held his gaze for a moment before he moved away from him.


"Call Beatrix," he said to Kael on his way out."Tell her I need her here to take my samples and that of the kids."


Marta covered her mouth with her palms just as Jaris left the room. She was visibly shaking.


This didn't look good.


****+****+



MARTA


She ran into the living room and found her parents and grandmother together.


They looked at her in surprise, obviously from how

 teary she was.


"Marta,what is-"


"Who did you hire?" She cut her grandmother off from speaking, her voice raw with pain and age.


The old woman looked at the others in surprise."What is the problem? He's dead."


"No, his staff is. She was the one who ended up dead, while the son of a bitch survived! And now,he's gone to Jaris with the truth!"


"What?" Her mother rose to her feet. "Wh-What did you just say?"


"Jaris knows?" Her grandmother's eyes rounded in panic.


"Yes! And he just took the kids' sample for a DNA.What am I supposed to do?"


Her bag slipped from her hand to the floor, followed by her burying her face in hrr palms.


"Jaris knows," she sobbed. "He knows the truth. A-

 And in a couple of days, the result will be out and I'll be fully exposed. I'll be done for! He'll kill me!"


She sobbed profusely.


Her grandmother stood up, marched toward her, and before Marta knew it, she was struck hard across the face.


"This is your fault, you shameless whore!" She spat."If only you had closed those things you call legs. If only you didn't go sleeping around when you were supposed to be pregnant, we wouldn't be in this situation."



Marta wept more as she straightened, yer hand over her hurting cheek.


"Now, who are we supposed to get out of this one?After everything we've done! How hard we've worked! You had to ruin it."



"I didn't know! Oryndor was far away! How was I supposed to know that the one the stranger | was going to sleep with would end up coming to Darkspire five years later!?"


Her grandmother struck her again, harder this time.She whimpered as her head reeled from the impact.


"That's the point, stupid child! You are not supposed to know. You are supposed to be careful!"


She angrily placed her hands on her thighs as she turned away, pacing the room.


"W-We need to come up with something," Marta's mother brushed her fingers through her hair."Who took the samples? Maybe we could get to know who this doctor or nurse is?"



"It's not possible," Marta shook her head. "She's Jaris' aunt. She'd never go against him."


And that was when the Monroe family knew they were truly fucked.
###Chapter 89 

LYRIC



Things were not fine. The aftermath of the situation was exactly why l'd been scared of revealing the truth.



Since the previous day after the samples were taken,Jaris hadn't been home. What bothered me the most was the fact that the twins were very sad and worried.



They didn't exactly know what the problem was, but they knew their father was mad about something and hadn't been home because of it.



"Aunty, do you think daddy will come home today?"Xyla asked, lifting her head from her drawing book to look at me.



I stuttered for words. "He's not taking our calls. And we were supposed to show him some pictures," she made a pout.


Xylon nodded, showing his agreement.


My heart clenched painfully. Jaris hadn't been taking their calls? Was that necessary?


This-This was exactly what I feared. The whole thing affecting the kids. I was scared Jaris would stop loving these kids.


"Don't worry. I'm sure he's jau very busy. Daddy will be home, okay?" I ruffled their hair.


Xylon took up his writing tab, and after a few seconds, showed me what he wrote on it. "Can you take us to him?"



"Do you know where he is?" Xyla asked.


My mouth opened and closed for sometime, unable to come up with a response.


"I uh...I don't really know if-"


"Please, aunty. We're worried about him." "I'm sorry, honey, but I don't know where he is."


The kids exchanged glances.


"We think we might do," Xyla whispered. "Daddy has a private vacation home. We think that's where he goes to when he's mad."



Oh.


"B-But we don't know where it is,". Xylon spoke with difficulty.


Against my will, I found myself asking around for Jaris' vacation home. I was actually scared of what his reaction might be if I showed up with his kids, but I think he was wrong for ignoring them. They didn't have a hand in any of these. He shouldn't let them suffer for the mistakes of their mother.



I had to contact Kael to get the truth. He was reluctant, of course. Then I reminded him of when I helped him with Jace and made him understand he owed me a favour. Turned our the guy was more reasonable than I thought.Although he did warn me never to mention to Jaris that I got the info from him.


I wore a simple pair of jeans and a black top. Just before I left the room, I slipped the scan out of my drawer to look at it.


A longing smile painted my lips as I traced the edges with my fingers.


My babies. Our babies.


Perhaps, if they were alive, things would be different for Jaris. Maybe he wouldn't feel much like a loser.


I tucked the picture back into my drawer before leaving the room.







Marta wasn't home-she hadn't been since morning and nobody knew where she was. So, I couldn't tell her I was taking the kids to Jaris.


Hopefully,the nanny would when she asks.


It was about two hours drive to get to the location Kael had given me.The place was so quiet and private, with numerous flowers and trees decorating the pathway.


When we reached the gate, the securities fortunately let us in after recognizing the kids and me.


I drove through for a couple of minutes before I reached the main house. The mansion,actually.

I took out a moment to admire the beauty of the place. It was beyond stunning! Who would've known that Jaris had something like that just wasting around as a vacation home?


I exited the car with the kids, my eyes still darting around the place. There were four cars in thelot,cars that weren't in Darkspire. So, obviously,aside the numerous cars in Darkspire, he had extra ones just waiting here.


In the corner of the compound was a huge waterfall,the a coming out of the mouth of a built-up wolf.It was magnificent.


The mansion looked like a vacation home indeed, because it looked so peaceful.


Holding the kids' hands, I walked to the front door and knocked.


A young woman in an apron opened up almost immediately.


"Good evening, ma'am." She dipped her head. Her eyes beamed when she saw the kids. "Xyla! Xylon!How're you,dearests?"


"We're fine Ms. Reyes," Xyla answered while Xylon nodded.


"Is Alpha Jaris in?" I brought the woman's attention back to me.



"Oh. Yes, he-does he know you're coming?"


Just as she asked, I noticed a movement behind her.Then,Jaris appeared.


He stood behind the woman, his impressive height towering over her.

 
I'd do anything to see the expression on my face.I'd bet I looked like a child drooling at her favorite snack.


The Alpha was wearing simple black pants with a black turtleneck top. His hands were casually slipped into his pockets, and if it wasn't the most simple,yet charming sight I'd seen.


I tried to shut them out-the memories-but failed woefully. They hit me like a storm, filling my every senses.


I felt his lips on mine, his hands all over my body, his sweet scent, his moans.


I cleared my throat and dragged my eyes to the floor.What was wrong with me?


"Daddy!" Xyla and Xylon chorused as they ran to him.


The woman had stepped out of the way, giving them access to the grumpy-looking Alpha. To my relief, he welcomed them with a bright look.


Thank goodness. I'd been scared he'd push them off or something. "Hey. How're you doing?" He dropped to a crouch,tousling their hair.


"We're fine, daddy. We were worried about you."


He smiled and straightened up. "Why don't you go with Mrs. Reyes? She'll give you some milk in the kitchen."


When he looked at me, his eyes were hard. "With me,Lyric."
###Chapter 90

LYRIC


Okay...why was he sweet with the kids and not with me?


Adjusting the strep of my bag over my shoulder, I went after him.


The inside was more beautiful than I imagined with a black theme.



I didn't want to imagine the amount of money that must have been put into this place.


I continued walking behind Jace until we reached an office. Oh. So, he had a home office here as well.


"What're you doing here?" His voice was icy.


I couldn't hold his stare and was forced to lower mine to the floor. He didn't look like the man that had been happy to see his kids a while ago. "I asked a question," he clipped.


Fuck this,Lyric. Stop showing him your weakness.


"The kids wanted to see you." My voice came out stronger, my eyes snapping to meet his.


"I came here for a purpose. To be alone."


"W-Well, I'm sorry, but you heard them.They were worried about you."


"And you think it is in your right to be the one to bring them to me?"



His words touched a nerve."Marta wasn't home. And maybe if you were taking their calls, this wouldn't have happened. I understand that you're angry and all, but you shouldn't take it out on the kids. They don't deserve this."



"Stop trying to lecture me. You know nothing!"He yelled at me, making me yelp.


Fear and hurt ran through me. I was only trying to help.What exactly was my offense!? I'm sorry," I gritted. "It was a mistake coming here.I'll just take them and leave."


I started for the door.


"Damn it. Stop right there!" He sounded less angry.


I forced myself to stop moving.


My fingers tightened around the strap of my bag.1didn't turn around to face him.


"You know me, Lyric." He was calmer now but sounded frustrated. "I love them. The last thing l want to do is ignore them."


I turned to him, and the look in his face made me worried. For the first time, I saw beyond his ruthlessness and grumpiness. No, he didn't look like any of that right now. Right now, he appeared very sad.



It was a first.



"I have been through a lot of shit, you know? But paternity fraud has never been one of them. And it's never been something I thought I'd get from Marta."He brushed his fingers through his hair.


"When the twins came, I felt beyond happy. They're the most important to me. Getting to learn that they might not actually be mine... I have the right to be fucking upset, Lyric. And I don't want to be alone because I'm avoiding them. I want to be alone because I don't even know how to deal with them right now."


I shrugged. "You handled them pretty well out there."


"I could barely try," he scoffed.


He leaned against his table, pinching the bride of his nose.


"I don't know. I don't wanna hurt them."


Wow. Seeing Alpha Jaris like this was actually a rare sight. It was quite sad too.


For a moment, I was speechless. I didn't want to say anything that'd make things worse. "T-The kids don't even need you to do much. They just want to be around you-that's all."



He said nothing.


"Please, Alpha. Until the test is done, they're still your kids at least. Don't do this to them when they know nothing about it."


He swept his hand over his face, and he was back-the mean,ruthless Alpha.


He pushed away from the table, walked past me and out of the office.



I released a deep breath before going after him.







Fortunately, Jaris heeded my advise and tried to act naturally around the kids. Mrs. Reyes-who I got to know was the house help and had been the one taking care of the house even when he was away-already made dinner and served the table for all of us. The kids joked about their birthday choices at the table. Xyla was a talkative and would argue for minutes whenever her brother countered one of her ideas.



My heart warmed at the sight of Jaris laughing a few times when the kids said or did something funny.



I was surprised when Mrs. Reyes came down and said she was leaving. I'd thought she'd be sleeping in or something. Jaris meant it when he said he wanted to be alone.



The kids,however, had a different plan in mind.


"Can we sleep over, daddy?" It was Xylon who asked.



"Yes! Tomorrow's weekend, daddy. We don't have no school! We could sleep!" Xyla was ecstatic.


"l-I love the vacation home."



I glanced up at Jaris, and at the same time, he was staring at me. The kids looked too happy and hopeful.How would he turn them down like this? "Of course. This is our home." His smnile did not quite reach his eyes. I had a feeling the statement 'our home' must have gotten to him.


It'd stop being their home when the DNA result comes out in a couple of days and the kids turn out not his. I was so afraid of him hating them.


"Ye!!!" Xyla jumped on her feet. "Thank you,daddy!"She touched my hand on the table. "You should stay,aunty.Stay!"


What?


I withdrew my hand from hers. "N-Not at all, darling.I'll just leave after this."


"You can stay if you want."


I froze.It was Jaris.



Our eyes locked.


"There are a lot of rooms here. If the kids want you around..." He shrugged.
###Chapter 91
LYRIC



My lips parted but no words formed. Jaris was asking me to stay. He might not be straightforward about it,but he wanted me to stay.



When I still didn't say a word, Xyla started another conversation. And fortunately, the conversation drifted from me.




····


So,I did stay.


The twins and I spent some time watching a movie in the home cinema. Yup. Jaris had a freaking cinema built into his mansion.



The twins slept off before the end of the second movie. I had to carry them one after the other to their rooms.



When I was done laying them both in beds and tucking them in, I turned to the door and startled when I found Jaris leaning against the doorframe.



Geez! That gave me quite a stare. "Good job." He tipped his head toward the kids.


I glanced back at them, not helping the smile that spread on my lips. Well, wwhat could I say? | enjoyed taking care of them.


"How has Xylon been of recent?" He asked.


"He's great. He hasn't had any of his epistles of recent.In no time,he should be completely fine."


His eyes lingered on the kids on the bed."Thank you,Lyric."


"Oh, it's nothing. We had an agreement, remember?was supposed to take care of him and-"


"For bringing them over," he clarified.


My heart fluttered.


Oh, Jaris! You need to stop doing this! Stop playing with my emotions! You can't be sweet when you want to be, then go on to hurt me after and make me conflicted.



I blinked rapidly and smiled. "It's my pleasure."


He stepped away fromn the door.


"There are some clothes in the closet of your room.They belong to Marta, but you can pick something from there."



I nodded, listening to my heart race as he walked out the door.







In my very large and well-furnitured room,I stood in front of the dresser, helplessly staring at the pills in my hand.



Yes, as stupid as it looked, I did come with them.


I don't know, a part of me had expected this would happen and I would somehow need to sleep with the kids. I didn't want to be stranded without the pills if that happened.


I was getting addicted to these dreams, it was starting to bother me. But there was only little I could do when Jaris was so hot and the only time I got to be with him was in my head. In these dreams.


With slightly shaky fingers, I popped one into my mouth.



****	＊＊＊本十



JARIS



I watched the footage from my phone. When she took that pill-I couldn't explain what I felt. I had my suspicions that those pills would be with her and she might want to take it. That's the reason I installed a camera when she was in the cinema with the kids.



It was the same thing I did with her room back in Darkspire. It was how l'd gotten to know she didn't take the pills four nights ago and was hoping to see if it was all a dream or not.



I had to install the camera to know when she took the pills or did not. Because the last thing I wanted was jumping into Lyric's room in the middle of the night while she was awake.



The cameras were so tiny, she couldn't see them.And the only time I looked at them was at night to know if she'd taken the pills or not. As much as I'd love to look at her at other times, I wanted to give her some privacy.



The joy I felt when she took the pill could not be overemphasized.I needed the distraction.



Lyric Harper might not know it, but she had been making me happy in a lot of ways of recent.


I kissed her in bed, enjoying how happy she was to have me here. She moaned into my lips,running her hands through my chest. 
She was always so responsive to this. It made me wonder if she'd ever do this without the pill. Did she like me in reality? Or does everything end in the dream?


I had a feeling she'd never forgive me if she ever gets to know about this, though. I just didn't know how bad it was going to get.



I undressed her in no time, got her on her hands and knees, and thrust into her.



She had the best moan. The way she screamed when I went balls-deep inside her sent blood rushing faster in my cock.


"Oh, Jaris...!" Her fingers gripped the bedsheet tight.


"Yes?" I gritted, hardly able to recognize my own voice. "Do you want me to stop, Lyric?"



"No! No! Never!"



I took her savagely, as hungry as I was.


For a long time, I satisfied the both of us. In the end,we came multiple times.







I woke up late in the morning. Not that it mattered.The office didn't open during the weekends. I felt better like I always did after my time with Lyric.I couldn't believe I'd be managing to live without this for years.



I freshened upo in the bathroom and went downstairs to see what was happening. From the staircase, I could already hear the aroma and laughter coming from the kitchen.



I slackened my steps as I got close, listening to my kids laugh.



My kids.



By tomorrow, that was likely to change. 2


For a man with my position, I'd seen a lot of things.But Jace's accusation was bigger than I'd ever expected. Not even in a million years would I have thought Marta would dare play the paternity fraud on me.



Plus, I had actually seen her pregnant.



But maybe that was the problem. I only 'saw'. I never touched her. And the whole time, she always had clothes on.



What if Jace was right? What if she had been careful enough to deceive all of us? The dark thoughts of what I'd do to Marta had taken a temporary spot in my mind. But most importantly what would I do with the kids?


My thoughts came to a pause when I reached the entrance of the kitchen.



Lyric was frying something in the pan. Xyla was sitting on the kitchen counters playing with a spatula, and Xylon was sitting on one of the stools facing the kitchen island, just before Xyla.


A foreign feeling tugged at my heart as I took in the sight. It was the first time I was having something like this-a woman cooking in my kitchen, surrounded by my kids who laughed at whatever she said.


Right there, I looked like a man watching his family make breakfast. I knew this wasn't new to a lot of people who had lovey families, but I'd never given a thought to it and had no idea it could actually 'look good.'

###Chapter 92


JARIS



"Daddy!" Xyla screamed when she noticed me from the counter.



I didn't miss the color that crept onto Lyric's nose the moment she saw me. Why did she always have this reaction around me?



A dark thought settled in my mind: Did she also have this reaction when she let Zarek touch her?



I pushed the thought aside, deciding to enjoy the moment.



I went closer to the kids, taking Xylon into my arms while I planted a kiss on Xyla's hair.



"Good morning, Alpha." Lyric dipped her head,her nose still pink.


I was starting to grow irritated with her calling me 'Alpha.' In her dream mode, she always called me by my name. I think I liked that better.


"How was your night, Lyric?"| regarded.


I noticed the color reached her ears as well. But now. I think she was embarrassed about something. About having those 'dreams,'maybe?


"It-It was fine." She quickly went back to stirring what was in the pan.


"Daddy see! We are making breakfast!" Xyla said excitedly.


I glanced at the pile of waffles and pancakes.


"I thought you didn't like waffles?" I drew my brows at her.



"Yes! But aunty promised I'd like hers. So, I want to give it a try."


It was still amusing to me how well Lyric handled the kids. I've never seen them this free and happy around Marta or even their nannies. What was it with Lyric?


"So, what did you learn? Can you make waffles on your own?" | teased.



"Yes,daddy! All you have to-"


"Liar!" Xylon cut her off, laughing.


"I'm not lying! I can make waffles!!" Xyla glared daggers at him. Then, she went ahead to state the recipe. "Is that correct, chef?" I looked at Lyric who was already laughing. Even I knew the answer to my question. I didn't need to hold a spoon in the kitchen to know my dear daughter had just said gibberish.



"Yes! Yes, of course, I'm right!" Xyla clapped for herself.







Thirty minutes later, we all ate on the table.


And just like that, the burden from two days ago was gone. I didn't worry about the DNA but focused on the precious moment before me, which was all thanks to her.



If she hadn't taken the bold step to bring the kids to me,none of this would've happened.



I was starting to get confused about Lyric. She could make everything feel good one minute, and the next,she was ruining it. Why did she have to go sleep with Zarek? Why... why did she have to ruin the perfect moment we were building?



No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't forget that. It was the constant reminder that she could do it again to another man.Somneone else would get to see her smile, see her laugh. Her her moan. While none of that should bother me,it did.



The sound of my phone ringing interrupted the moment. I'd been getting a lot of calls since two days ago,most of which lignored, but when I saw the name on my screen, I knew it had to be important.


"Hey, Patrick." I dropped my fork.


Patrick was a Deputy for the Packs. He oversaw inter -Pack crimes and mostly helped to keep everyone in check.



He never called for pleasure, only when there was something important.


"Alpha Jaris. I think you might want to come down to Willow Way," he said.



Willow Way was not too far from my Pack. As a matter of fact, every member of Darkspire had to travel through that road before getting to the Pack.



"Why? What happened?"


He hesitated. "It has to do with some of your guys.Just get down, please."


I dropped the call, breakfast already tasting sour in my mouth.



"Did something happen?" Lyric's eyes were filled with concern as she asked.


"Yes. I'll be back."



I went upstairs, changed and was soon out of the house.







Five of my people had been killed. They all seemed to have been in one car as there was only one found by the side of the road while the bodies littered everywhere.



"We think they must have been driving in this car,"Patrick said as he walked me to the car which was turned upside down. "Then, something must have hit them. Although, there is no sign of a car crash anywhere. So it's possible someone or a group of persons must have lifted the car off the road while they were driving."



"While they were driving?" I knitted my brows in his direction. "It shouldn't be possible for a wolf to do something like that. They'd have been run over by the car. Unless the car wasn't in motion."



"That's the only possible explanation, Alpha Jaris.Because as we can see, the car was turned over. Then,the men were dragged out and murdered. And that's where the problem is." He led me to one of the bodies, squatted and tilted their head for me to see. "Take a look at this. Bite marks. It looks like someone had sucked on them.Those bloodsucking creatures are a myth and do not exist, and to further prove it, these claw marks indicate that this had been done by a wolf." He pointed at the claw marks on the victim's hand.


He was right. Those were wolf claws.



"So, a wolf clearly did this. But why would they bite another wolf? We only bite humans when we want to kill them, but the bite of a wolf can't kill another wolf.And strangely," he frowned, his eyes lost staring at the corpse. "It's the only marks they have on them.There's nothing else indicating how these men were killed."



The atmosphere suddenly became uncomfortable for me. I adjusted the neck of my shirt, the fabric suddenly choking.



I didn't like this one bit. Majorly because it was looking too familiar. But it shouldn't be possible.



"I need to know who did this, Patrick. These are my men." I looked at the faces of the victims on the ground and named them. They were born into Darkspire. I couldn't begin toimagine how devastated their families would be. "I'm working on it, Alpha J. I also want these bastards found."



I made arrangements for the bodies to be taken to Darkspire. But | couldn't go back there. Not yet.


On my way back to the vacation home, I called 'her'again.Margaret.


She didn't take the first call. So, I had to call again.


"Alpha J-"



"Where was your phone, Margaret? You know how much I hate waiting." I couldn't help the irritation that filled my voice.


"I-I'm sorry, Alpha. The first call ended before I could get to the phone."


"My brother." I adjusted the neck of my shirt again.Why was it so tight. "I want a photo."


"Oh." She hesitated. "Is there a reason, Alpha?"


"I need to see him and be sure he is in there."



"I see. O-Okay,Alpha. Unfortunately, I am not at the location right now.But-"


"Margaret, I need that photo within the hour. Not even a second late." I dropped the call, my hand tightening around the steering.
###Chapter 93 

LYRIC



I was reading a book on my phone when a text popped on my screen, freezing the air in my lungs.


'Hi, Lyric. Have you missed me?'


It was from Roderick, and it was accompanied with a photo of me at the airport from when I newly came into the country.



What the hell? He had taken a photo of me that day?


But most importantly, why was he texting me?



The doorbell ringing interrupted my thoughts.



I scrambled off the bed and into the living room to check who it was. The kids were in their room, playing a video game.



Who could possibly be visiting Jaris?



I opened the door and was met with surprise when l found Marta.



Unlike her, she didn't have any makeup on. Her hair looked like it had been hurriedly brushed and parked. Her eyes were swollen, indicating she had been crying.


Wow. Marta Monroe looking pale. It was a rare sight.


She looked at me from head to heel with disgust. In her state, that didn't look good on her.



"Where are my kids?" Her voice came out croaky



"They're-"



"What're you even doing here?"


I looked away. Gods, I wasn't mentally prepared for this.



"And how dare you take my kids without my permission, Lyric? Have you lost it? If you need kids to control,go get yours."



My eyes snapped at her.Seriously?


"That's dumb coming from you, Marta. And I don't think you're in any position to make such remarks.You know, considering the fact that these kids are not even yours."



Her eyes darkened just before she slapped me. This time, I didn't hesitate. I hit her back and pushed her so hard she almost fell on her butts.



"I thought I was clear when I told you never to lay your filthy hands on me!?" I yelled.


She chuckled as she brushed her fingers into her hair.But I could see tears glistening in her eyes.


"Oh, Lyric." She laughed. "Dear Lyric. How bold you have become."



I was about to retort something when a car pulled up behind Marta. It was one of Jaris' cars. Marta also turned around for a look, and we watched as Jaris stepped out of the car.



He paused for a moment, his gaze lingering on Marta.Then,he continued walking,wearing a frown.



"Jaris..." Gone was the feisty look on Marta's face.Now shw looked pathetic.



"What're you doing here?" Jaris asked coldly as he stopped before her.



"I-I'm sorry. I just came to see the kids."



Jaris nodded, then looked at me. "Bring the kids out to her."



"What? Jaris, come on. I can see them inside."


"Let's be clear, Marta. The only reason I'm not kicking you out is because the kids are here and you have the right to see them. Don't ever make the mistake of thinking you can come anywhere near me."



Her eyes glistened with tears. "This isn't fair,you know?Just letting a random guy ruin our lives."



Jaris' gaze was colder when he looked at me again."I told you to get the kids."



He huffed and walked past me before I even went into the house. He went into the kitchen and Marta didn't dare come in with us.



I got the kids and left them with Marta outside the house before going to meet Jaris in the kitchen.He seemed really pissed. He'd been that way since he exited his car. Did it just have to do with Marta?


"Are-Are you alright, Alpha?" I leaned against the wall,remembering he'd gotten an urgent call that made him leave the house.



"I am," he grumped.



"Are you sure? You don't look-" I stopped when he sighed.


Okay. Maybe I was bothering him.


"There was an attack on some of our people," he mumbled, going back tos to stirring what was in the cup. Ooh. Jaris was opening up to me.


But did he say an attack?



"How? What happened?"



He went ahead to tell me about a Rebel attack that happened in a strange way. He sounded really pissed about it. Well, of course. Jaris hated when people messed with him.



"I'm sorry. I'm sure they'll be found and justice will be served," I assured him.



I heard the door opening and returned to the living room to find Marta bringing the kids in



Oh,seriously.



"Marta, come on. He told you not to come in."



"Get out of my face, bitch. I'm only bringing my kids in."



My mouth dropped open, shocked at the fact that she used an unfiltered curse word in front of the kids.I don't even think she noticed.



She stepped closer to me, speaking in a lowered tone so only me could hear.-"1won't let this happen. This whole thing you're trying to do-stealing my kids' trust and attention and wanting to play the boss of Jaris'home." She scoffed. "I'll die before I let youI take my place,Lyric. Let this sink."


I shook my head in disbelief. "With everything going on, that's all you're concerned about? Position? Do you even care about the well-being of your kids? Are you concerned about how all of these would affect them?"



"Please, shut up. Stop trying to play mummy here."



"Seriously, you need help, Marta. I wouldn't be surprised if you really bought these kids to claim your position beside Jaris. After all, that's all that matters to you."


Her eyes turned darker. She looked like she was about to hit me, but Jaris' voice rang through the air.


"Marta.Out."



She balled her hands into fists as she looked at him."Jaris-"



"Don't make me do something nasty in front of the kids."



The kids looked so confused. They kept sliding their gaze from one face to another, probably wondering what was going on.


Okay. They've seen enough. "Come on, now," I took their hands. "Let's go play games."


I took them upstairs, leaving Jaris and his baby mama to sort themselves. Although, considering who Jaris was, I was sure it wouldn't take him anything to kick Marta out.







The evening went pretty smooth.



The kids demanded ice cream, and instead of ordering one,Jaris suggested we all go out to get it.


I was surprised and enthralled when he asked me to come along.



I sat in the front seat next to him while the kids played with their tabs in the backseat. Along the way,they got into an argument over a headset. They had identical headsets and only one was in the car. Xyla claimed it was hers, but Xylon insisted it was also his.



Before we knew it, Xyla was already crying as Xylon was the one holding strongly to the headset and wouldn't let it go.


"Come on, honey. It's okay. The second one must be at home. When we get back, you can use it." I turned partially to rub her legs. "No! This one's mine. I wvant it!" She tuned the volume of her cry.


Jaris simply sighed and shook his head.


"Seriously, I think it'd have been much better if they'd gotten different colors," I whispered to him.


"Not my fault. The store only had one color left when I went to get it," he answered without taking his eyes off the road.



I thought real hard on a solution. Neither of them was sure who owned it, and one would be hurt if the other got to use it.


Gently, I took it from Xylon.


"There. No one is using it, okay? When we get home,I'll give it back."


Xylon made a pout but didn't protest. Xyla stopped crying.



Geez! Kids could be really dramatic.



Settling back in my seat and staring out the window,I thought of the ones I lost. I imagined them being Xylon and Xyla. I imagined us in this very position-Jaris driving, me in the passenger seat, and the kids fighting in the backseat. A small smile touched my lips

 at the realization of how beautiful my life would've been.



Unfortunately, we couldn't always get what we wanted in life.







We reached the ice cream truck and the kids ended up ordering for more things.



We spent some time in the park, which was really fun.I almost didn't want us to go back.



Later that night, I took the pill and Jaris came to me in my dream. He made sweet love to me, completing my day.



****十



We were having breakfast when Jaris got a call. I noticed him hesitate before taking the call.



"Beatrix."



I knew that name. That was the doctor performing the DNA test.



My spine straightened, my curiosity going to its peak.


"Good. Have it delivered here." Jaris ended the call.


"Is that..." I glanced at the kids. He simply nodded before returning to his meal.


A while later, Beatrix arrived with the result. She said hello to the kids before leaving, because Jaris asked her to leave.



I stood alone at the dining with him as he opened the envelope. For the first time, I saw Jaris Dreadmoor nervous.



He took out the result, and I watched as his eyes moved around the paper.


For a long moment, he was quiet, his eyes still on the paper.


"Wh-What does it say?" I couldn't believe my voice was almost shaking.



His jaw clenched as he folded the paper and fixed it back into the envelope.



"Get the kids. We're going to the Pack." His voice was like ice as he spoke and walked away.
###Chapter 94
LYRIC



Jaris wouldn't say a word the entire ride home. But he looked pissed. Very pissed.



Did that mean the result wasn't good? Were the kids not his?



When we reached the Pack, he asked for Jace and Marta. But while Jace was in, Marta wasn't. He called her and ordered her to get to the Pack House immediately.



"What's going on?" Jace asked when we were alone on the balcony.



"| don't know. The results are out, and he's been acting all weird."



My mind went to the kids who were already in their room. Was this the point where their lives went bad?Gods. What would Jaris do about them not being his?



After waiting for a long time, Marta did come. We all met in Jaris' office.



Luna Isolde, Kael, Nerion and some other guards were there as well. Marta looked so scared. Jaris, seated in front of his table, had his hands clasped together. It took him sometime before he spoke.


"The results are out."



The tension in the room rose.



He stood up, his eyes pinned on Marta as he walked toward her.



A small whimper left her lips as she took a step back.She was nearly shaking.



"Jaris,please..."



Jaris stopped in front of her, tucking his hands in his pockets. "I'm sorry, Marta. For doubting you."



Time froze in place. Confusion filled the faces of everyone.



"You were right. I never should've listened to him." He looked at Jace.



Okay. What was going on? What was the result?



"Jaris, talk to me. What is the result?" Luna Isolde demanded impatiently.


  
"The kids are mine." Jaris kept his heated gaze on Jace."The result was positive." I didn't miss the shock and confusion that covered Marta's face. Jace's mouth dropped open in shock. My heart flipped in both relief, surprise and fear.



I was scared for Jace as much as I was confused. Did he lie about the whole thing?



In a split second, Jaris was onto Jace, punching him in the face. I ran to them immediately, holding Jace back from retaliating in any way.


"Fuck, don't touch me like that!" Jace growled,his lip bleeding.



Jaris was still pissed. "You dare lie to me."



"I didn't. Okay?! I don't know how the hell the test came back positive, but I know what I saw. Marta was never pregnant."


"Jace, you keep lying and I'll do things that'll mnake your father weep."



I put my hands on Jace's chest, trying to calm him down. This didn't look good. I didn't even know how to feel.



"Lock him up!" Jaris ordered the guards in the room



They were on Jace in a minute, dragging him away



Oh,goodness."Alpha Jaris, please!" | quickly went to Jaris who was already walking back to his seat.



Marta burst into tears, burying her face in her palms.Luna Isolde shook her head and walked out.



"P-Please. I think this was all a misunderstanding," I pleaded with Jaris.



I knew it wouldn't mean well for Jace if he was locked up here. Jaris could hurt him in a lot of ways. And the Alpha wasn't a good man.



"Everyone, out!" Jaris ordered, angrily grabbing a file from the table.



"Thank you," Marta whimpered. "Thank you for giving me your trust again, Jaris. I am so glad you finally see the truth."



She hurried out of the office. Nerion went next, but Kael stayed behind with me.



"Alpha,please..."



"Your friend is not getting away with this, Lyric." Jaris glared at me. "Do you even know what I went through for the last four days? I was torn between liking and avoiding my own kids. Do you know how hard it was to avoid their calls when they called because I didn't know what to say to them? Because I was conflicted?" "Iknow,Alpha! l was at the house, remember? It's just..."I huffed. "Jace wouldn't do this. It's... It's not like him to lie about things. He's never lied to me."



"Well, it's obvious you don't know your friend."



"Please.J-Just get him out and we can talk about this."



"And what makes you think I want to talk about this?"His stare turned serious.



He looked too cold. Gone was the sweet man I'd been with for the past two days. This one didn't care.



"Please-"



"I asked everyone to leave, Lyric!" He rasped.



I shuddered from the hostility in his voice. I finally turned and left.



****十＊＊＊＊＋



MARTA



Marta was home again. She was with her family when she got called by Jaris, demanding she came over.



She had contemporary running away, but her grandmother forced her to go answer to him, lettìng her understand that Jaris would come after the entire family if she did run. 
They assured her they'd come up with an excuse to rescue her from Jaris' wrath.



What Marta never expected was for the test to come out in her favour.


No. She knew something was wrong.



Jace hadn't been lying. She was never pregnant for Jaris but had gotten the kids from someone in Oryndor. That result should've never been a match.


"What did you do?" She asked her parents as soon as she found them in the living room. Her grandmother was just climbing down the stairs.



"How're you here? I thought you'd be locked up or something?" The aged woman asked.


"Did you do something,Grandma?"



"Something like what?"


"Like... manipulating the result or something. Did you find a way to get to the doctor?"


"What're you saying? We all agreed that was impossible."


"What the hell is going on? Talk to us!" Her father urged. Marta brushed her fingers through her hair as she started pacing the room. The whole situation was making her lose her mind.



"Marta..."



"The result was positive!" She shouted, stopping to look at her. "T-The DNA. The kids belong to Jaris."


A heavy silence blanketed the room. They all looked at each other in awe.
###Chapter 95

"What?" Her mother murmured. "How's that-How's that possible?"



"They can't be his, Marta. We bought them,remember? Or did someone manipulate the results?"


"Beatrix is Jaris' aunt. She'd definitely want to know if her nephew was being deceived, and if he was, she'd expose it. She wouldn't cover up for us for any reason."Marta pulled at the roots of her hair. "This isn't right.Something isn't right."



"Hold on," Her grandmother took a seat. "Are you trying to say the kids we arranged for and bought in a far away country are actually Jaris' kids? How in hell is that possible? Who's their mother,then?"



"I-I don't know, grandma. But this can't begood."Marta's eyes were wide with panic. "How did I end up with Jaris' kids? How is another woman pregnant for him and...and he knows nothing about it?"



"More importantly, who's the mother of the twins?How could she possibly let go of them when they belonged to someone like Jaris?"



"We need to find her." Marta pinched the bridge of her nose, frustrated. "We need to understand what's going on. Grandma, we need to find the woman that sold the twins to us."



"Well, we've all been trying to find Penelope for the past four days, right? There's still no sign of her."


"Okay. But we need to find her so she can tell us who the mother of the children is."



She stood in front of the window, fisting her hands.



Now, to Lyric and Jace. She was going to make them pay. They almost ruined her life. If she hadn't been this lucky, Jaris would've probably killed her by now.


She was going to make them regret trying to ruin her.


＊＊＊＊十＋＊＊＊＊十



KAEL



Kael walked through the rows of cells. As he did, the people locked up stretched out their hands to him through the bars, teasing him to touch them.



Behind him were two maids, carrying trays of assorted foods and drinks.



He stopped in front of the cell he came for, where there was a guard guarding it. "Open it."



The guard was hesitant. "Beta Kael, I'd love to, but the Alpha specifically said no one should bring him food or water unless he permits it."


For some reason, that seemed to infuriate Kael even more.


"Don't make me ask again, Michai. Open the damn gate."



"But what am I supposed to do when the Alpha finds out about this?"



"Well, who's going tell himn? You? 'Cause if you don't,then he's not going to know nothing."


The guard glanced at the maids behind him.


"They won't be saying a word, either. You have my word for it."



Taking a deep breath, the guard got the keys and opened the metal gate. Kael went in with the maids.



Seated on the floor was Jace, head in his hand. Kael paused for a moment. He'd never seen Jace look that way before. So frustrated. He must have overheard him talking with the guard, yet he didn't even try to lift his head as he made his way in.He wordlessly ordered the maids to drop the trays on the floor and leave.



"Jace." He called when they were alone.



Reluctantly, Jace looked up at him. He released a deep breath as he leaned his head against the wall.


"What're you doing here, grump? Come to mock me?"



"Shut up and start eating," Kael's voice was serious."Have you had anything to eat since yesterday?"



"What are you now? My mum?"


"Don't make me hit you in the head, Jace. I'm being serious."



"Hit me in the head and there'll be blood on this floor.And trust me, it won't be mine."



Rolling his eyes, Kael sat on the floor, facing him. Jace gave him a surprised look. The floor was dirty and all.He didn't think Kael would go so low for him.


He looked at the trays of appetizing meals. Well, he was starving.


"Thanks," he mumbled before drawing them closer to himself. The first thing he grabbed was the pack of apple juice. It wasn't until he was halfway that he regarded Kael with amazement. "Hold on, how did you know this was my favorite? Or is it mere coincidence?"



"Go with mere coincidence." Kael tipped his head.



Jace scoffed and grabbed something else from the tray to eat.



"What happened, Jace? You sounded so sure that Marta was guilty of what you accused. How did you turn out to be the liar?"



"Honestly, I don't know." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "I don't-I don't understand any of this. I could swear on my life that Marta was never pregnant.Or...did she really have an immature birth?"



"Nah. Marta gave birth in the month of July. At the right time."



"You see? Exactly!" Jace opened his palms to him."So,when I met her in June, she was supposed to be pregnant. But she wasn't, man. I'm telling you.Something-Something is wrong here."


Silence blanketed them. Then, slowly, Jace continued eating.



"I know you must think I'm a clown," he mumbled,not looking at him."Go on. Call me names. Tell me I'm a liar. I'm a-"



"You know if I wanted to do that, you wouldn't be the one to tell me." Kael flicked his gaze at him. "As much as I know you're an asshole, I know you'd never stoop so low. You must've been sure before you made the accusation."



Jace looked at him astonishment. "So, you... believe me?"



"Look, right now, we should be more concerned about getting you out. I'm still trying to talk to Jaris.You know he's very pissed as he thinks you lied to him.But one way or the other, we'll get to him."


****十十****



JARIS



I angrily paced my office, my phone in my hand,listening to the beep.



She still won't pick up. The damn woman was ignoring my calls.



I called her two more times and when I still didn't get a response, I went for my second plan.


I called the second number, and after a few seconds,it was answered. "Hello?" The little girl's voice came on the phone.


"Hey, Jamie. How're you doing?”


"I'm fine. Who's calling?"


"I'm trying to reach mummy. Is she with you? Can you give her the phone?"


She hesitated before shouting an"Okay!"



"And Jamie, tell mummy that this uncle is going to take all your candies if she doesn't take the phone from you." She should know what that means.



The child doesn't say anything in response, but soon after her, I heard her talking to her mother.


"He said he'll take all my candies away, mummy."


I heard Margaret mutter some curse words before taking the phone, finally.



"A-Alpha Jaris-"



"While I laid in bed, did you know the thoughts I had of you?" I cut her off. My blood was flowing faster,my need to kill growing stronger.


"I thought of traveling all the way to burn down your house,Margaret. I also thought of just taking you out and hanging you on a cross. I wanted to watch you suffer. I wanted to do so many things to you, Margaret And trust me, I still will-if you don't tell me why the hell you've been avoiding my calls, and why I haven't seen the pictures I asked for."


"Please," she was sobbing. Oh, to hell with her tears "I'm so-I'm so sorry, Alpha Jaris. I just didn't know what to say to you."


"What do you mean you don't-"


"He escaped!" She let out at last.


And that was when I really saw it-red. Everything snapped.
###Chapter 96

JARIS



I stopped at a spot, my fingers going into my hair and pulling at my roots. I was trying-trying so hard to remain calm. Because I knew if I had to really snap,only the innocent ones around me would get to suffer.



"What did you just say, Margaret?" I could hardly even hear myself.



"I'm so sorry. It was one of the women that was supposed to keep an eye on him. She was one of us,and we trusted her. We were just as shocked when we discovered she had him released." She was still sobbing. She was scared. And oh, she had the right to be. Because right now, I was really thinking about going over and doing all the things I imaginedlast night.



"How did she release him unconscious? It's impossible for him to get out of his condition."



"| know. But she got help. We were just as surprised,Alpha. This strange lady, she was able to heal him in mere minutes. We-We suspect she's a Siphon."



My ears rang. A Siphon!? No. No way.



"What're you saying? Siphons don't exist anymore."They were forbidden. Only death awaited a Siphon.


"They do, Alpha. At least, this very lady does.The Executioners have been secretly looking for her for some time now. She's the reason your brother escaped."


"Margaret,how long has this been?"


"It's-It's been over a year, Alpha."



"And you're just telling me!? Are you stupid?!"



"I'm so sorry," she whimpered. "We just didn't want to face your wrath. We've been trying so hard to find him."



Oh,the fools!



"Where's she? The woman that betrayed you."



"She's dead already. We killed her as soon as we discovered what she did."



Oh,now I wish they didn't. I'd have loved nothing more than to make her suffer myself.



"Your move was stupid, Margaret. As soon as he was out,  you should've told me!" I kicked the table. "I know. I'm sorry, Alpha. I'm so sorry. I thought we could handle it on our own."



Damn it, I need to punch something. Or someone.


"I need the details of the Siphon. Give me every single thing you have on her. And don't think I'm done with you. You and your incompetent people are definitely going to pay for this."



I ended the call with an angry huff and sent for my mum. She needed to know what was happening with her son.



＊＊＊＊十十＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC



For three days, I'd been trying to get Jaris to have Jace released. But he wouldn't even listen to me anymore.


So, I did something I knew would get him upset but was necessary.I reported the issue to Jace's father.


As soon as the Chairman heard that his son was imprisoned, he rushed over.


I stood at the balcony, watching Jaris and the Chairman argue.


"Get him out, Alpha Jaris. I'd hate to say it again." Jace's father was naturally intimidating, and right now,he was furious. But Jaris didn't seem to care.



"Your son committed an offense in my Pack. He gets punished by my rules, Lyon. You of all people should know this is how it works."



"Well, I don't care, Jaris. He's my son! And he's been there for days.I need you to get him out. This instant."


Jaris shrugged, nonchalantly. "I'm afraid I can't really do that."



"Jaris, let him go,". Luna Isolde said, walking into the group. "Come on, son. The boy was foolish,yes. But let's respect the fact that he's Lyon's son. Just let him go."



It took three more elders to come talk to Jaris before he finally decided to listen. Goodness, the boy was stubborn. It was a miracle he was actually a good leader to the Pack.



As soon as Jace was brought out, his father went to him,holding his shoulders.


"Are you okay, son? Were you hurt?"


"I'm fine." He grumped.


I also went close and gave him a tight hug. I'd been visiting him everyday since he was locked up, but seeing him out here was different. Relieving.


"I'm so sorry you went through this," I whispered before pulling out of his hold.



I didn't exactly know what went wrong, but I've known Jace long enough to know he wouldn't just lie with something that serious.



Jaris stepped up to him, the look in eyes her making it obvious he wasn't happy that Jace was free. He probably wanted him to suffer more.



"Take note, Jace Ashford, this is the last time you'll set foot in my Pack. The next time you do, there'll be no one to save you."



Jace clenched his jaw. He looked like he had something to retort, but his father's hand on his shoulder stopped him.



I felt cold liquid on my cheek, and when I touched it,I discovered I'd been crying.



This didn't go the way we planned. Now, Jace would no longer be here with me in Darkspire.


"Come on," his father urged. "They'll bring your things to the car."



Jace turned and started walking away. Then, he paused and looked back at Jaris. "I understand you're mad and all. Maybe I'd be too if somebody lied about my kids and gave me a scare. But I. Didn't. Lie." He shook his head. "You need to look deeper, Alpha Jaris.If the DNA result accurately said positive, then it's possible those kids came from someone who was truly pregnant for you. But it was never Marta."


My heart lodged in my throat. I expected Jaris to snap.Jace was still crossing the line.


But to my surprise, Jaris didn't. Instead, his brows furrowed, as if he was surprised.



Jace continued walking with his father, not sparing another glance back.
###Chapter 97
I walked out of the patient's room, carrying the chart in my hand and going through it.



I instructed the nurse beside me on what to do to one of the patients in the chart.



I came to a pause when someone stopped in front of me. I was forced to lift my head from the book, and in front of me was Marta.



Oh,great.



"Do you need something, Doctor Monroe?" | resisted the urge to roll my eyes.


"Yes." She had a dubious smile on her face. "How has life been without your best friend being close to you?"



I widened my eyes at her. Was she really going to do this in front of a nurse.



Turning to the nurse beside me, I dismissed her.



"What is wrong with you, Marta?" I shook my head.



"Why don't you tell me? I mean, it's been two days since he was kicked out of the pack. How do you think that makes me feel?" Her smile stretched. "ReallyI walked out of the patient's room, carrying the chart in my hand and going through it.



I instructed the nurse beside me on what to do to one of the patients in the chart.



I came to a pause when someone stopped in front of me. I was forced to lift my head from the book, and in front of me was Marta.



Oh,great.



"Do you need something, Doctor Monroe?" | resisted the urge to roll my eyes.


"Yes." She had a dubious smile on her face. "How has life been without your best friend being close to you?"



I widened my eyes at her. Was she really going to do this in front of a nurse.



Turning to the nurse beside me, I dismissed her.



"What is wrong with you, Marta?" I shook my head.



"Why don't you tell me? I mean, it's been two days since he was kicked out of the pack. How do you think that makes me feel?" Her smile stretched. "Really good."



I didn't have the time for this.



Shaking my head, I walked past her.


"If I were you, I'd be very careful, Lyric." I stopped walking. "I'm not one of those bitches who would attack you without warning you. Right now, I'm telling you to watch your back. Because you and your stupid friend will pay for what you did to me."


"And what exactly did we do?" I snapped at her."All we wanted to do was reveal the truth."



"Which turned out to be a lie. You almost took my kids from me. You almost took Jaris from me!" She came forward, her feet nearly touching mine.



"I'm going to make you pay. I'll make you regret trying to cross me. You'll see."



I had mixed emotions as I watched her leave. I was angry, but I couldn't deny being uncomfortable.Marta could be crazy sometimes.I know it.







I spent extra hours at the hospital trying to arrange some things. Before I knew it, I was exhausted and passed out on my desk. The nap was so sweet and peaceful.


When I finally woke up, I gasped at the time.


What the hell?! It was past ten! How did I sleep for so long?


I quickly gathered my things and left the office.


On my way to the car, I checked my phone and found several missed calls and texts from Jaris.



JARIS: Where are you, Lyric? Do you even know what the time is?



It was sent thirty minutes ago.



I rolled my eyes. Funny how he was concerned when he'd ignored me for three days when Jace was locked up.


I tried to call him back but couldn't reach him.


Settling in my car, my phone lit up with a text.


My face went from cool to mad when I saw the sender and the message.



Roderick: How was work today, Ly? Do you need someone to tell all about it?



Why was the asshole texting me? Like the first time, I didn't reply. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction.



I started my car and hit the road.


I vibed to a song as I drove with ease.


Everything was peaceful.



Until it wasn't.



I came to a halt when I noticed two cars in front of me that were turned upside down. Beside them were people on the floor.



It looked like an accident.



But then, I looked closely, and what I saw made my blood freeze.



No.



On the victims were other people that had their fangs in their necks. They seemed like wolves judging from the yellow glint of their eyes.



But what unsettled me was the fact that they seemed to be sucking from the necks of the victims on the ground.


What were they sucking off? Their blood?My heart thundered in my chest as I watched the terrific scene. This wasn't normal. None of it was.Wolves shouldn't be sucking from other wolves. What was the meaning of this?


In seconds, a million thoughts crossed my mind.I contemplated calling Jaris. But before I could reach my phone, one of the strange wolves turned his head at me.



My eyes rounded, my heart stopped working and my lips parted without a sound coming out.


I didn't think. I shifted into gear, turned the wheel and made a quick u-turn. But from the corner of my eyes,I saw them coming after me.



No. No. No.



I drove as fast as I could, but they were also fast,and in no time, they were ahead of me.



What were they doing? They shouldn't be in front of a moving car!


My hands shook on the steering as I stepped on the gas pedal. Maybe I could run over them.


But I didn't have the chance as, to my surprise, they flipped my car over when I reached them. I screamed so hard as I landed roughly with my car. My entire body crashed along with it, heavy pains hitting me everywhere.


For a moment, I thought I'd pass out. Or worse, die.Not having a wolf was terrible. There was no backup for me.



My car was turned upside down when it stopped moving. They kicked my door open and dragged me out to the ground, but not before I managed to grab something from the back of my seat.


"No..." I whimpered, sharp pains still shooting through my body.



Who were they? How could they be this powerful to do this?



"Wow. She's a fine one," one of them said.



I was laying on the ground while the three of them stood hovering over me. They didn't look familiar in any way, and they had blood on their lips. Clearly,they'd been sucking the blood of those people on the ground.



Did the same fate await me? Were they going to suck my blood as well? Kill me?


The thought brought tears to my eyes. This whole thing was terrifying. No wolf should be able to do this.


"You should taste her first," one said to another. "I doubt I'll be able to stop when I start."


They chuckled and the one that had been spoken to started coming closer.

###Chapter 98
LYRIC


"No, please." I tried to sit up, but they kicked me on the shoulder, forcing me back down. I landed with a painful grunt.


The other got on top of me, his legs on either side of my waist. I felt disgusted immediately.


He grabbed my neck, and as quickly as | could,I pushed open the silver pocket knife I'd taken from my seat and stabbed him in the neck.



He growled as he stumbled back, away from me.



"Fucking bitch!" One of the other two rasped and kicked me in the belly.



I curled into a ball, my hand flying to my midriff as a low growl left me.



"Please! Please,I don't want any trouble," I whimpered,but they weren't listening.


The one I'd stabbed was writhing on the ground. No doubt he wasn't going to make it.



One of the two guys remaining grabbed my hair and dragged me to my feet. He punched me in the ribs this time.



My face contorted in agony as the pain radiated throughout my body.



Tears fell from my eyes, and in that moment, I thought of using my powers.



Like Jace said, being a Siphon, I could do a lot of things-including siphoning someone's oxygen. I could kill these men right now and save myself.



But aside the fact that I never wanted to use my power to harm people, I also didn't know how to do it.All I knew was siphoning illnesses. I knew nothing about siphoning anything else.



I decided to give it a try. I grabbed the man's hand in my hair and wished I could take his oxygen away. But I didn't even know what I was doing. It didn't work.


The second wolf punched me across the face, making me to release a painful cry. I'd have dropped to my knees, but the other still holding my hair wouldn't let me.



He was about hitting me again when a car pulled over in front of us.



I wanted to cry in relief. This had to be some sort of help.Right? I was right. It just wasn't who I'd have ever expected.


Coming out of the car was Alpha Zarek and three guards. They looked at the scene with confusion and shock.



The two wolves with me most know that they were outnumbered because they tried to get them to leave."Keep driving. I won't say it again."



I whimpered at the thought of Alpha Zarek actually leaving me in their hands. He had no reason to help me.



His brows tightened as he took in my beaten form. My hand was still holding my midriff and I was sure there might be bruises on my body.


"Let her go. Now." His voice was like steel when he spoke.



The boy shoved me to the ground, making me bruise my elbow.


"I tried to warn you," he shrugged, looking at Zarek."We'll just go back to her when we finish with you."


The fight started. The strange wolves fought with frightening strength, but in the end, Zarek and his guards managed to defeat them. I was already on my feet before Zarek came to me.


"Are you okay? Were you hurt too much?"He held my shoulders, giving me a thorough look.


I simply nodded, too shocked to form words. I nearly died! If he hadn't done when he did, I'd have died! By some strange blood sucking wolves!



He looked at my car on the road and shook his head."Were you heading home?"



Another nod.



I wrapped my arms around myself, looking around uncomfortably. What if there were more? What if I don't make it this time?



"Come on. I'll take you to the pack."


On a normal day, I'd have never agreed to be anywhere near this Alpha. But tonight, I didn't even hesitate.



I quickly grabbed my bag and phone and hurried to the front seat of his car, still looking around for any danger.



His guards didn't drive with us as he ordered them to take care of the bodies and try to know where those men came from. He also asked them to get my car to someone who could fix it.



He was overly nice. I should've stopped him. But not tonight. Tonight, I was too shocked to speak.


It was the second time I'd been so close to death.The first time was when l'd been burnt on the face with silver. I was so young, and it had been so painful l thought I was going to die.


But the fear I felt tonight was even more than I'd felt that day. Tonight, I really almost died.



"You should go to your Pack doctor as soon as you get home," Zarek said after a while. "But who were those people? What happened?"



It wasn't until I sniffled that I realized I'd been crying.But fortunately, since we were away from the scene,I could find my voice.


"I don't know. They just... I mean, I just bumped into them on the road, sucking off those people. Then,they attacked me and tried to do the same with me."



I could feel Zarek's surprise as he looked at me."What do you mean sucking off?"



I sniffled again. "Their blood."



"| don't understand. How's that possible?"

 "I don't understand either."



My mind drifted to the attack Jaris had told me about few days ago. Back then, he only said they'd found bite marks on the necks of the victims. He didn't mention their blood being sucked. Was it possible the attack had been done by these same people? What if those bite marks were there because their blood had been sucked?



In my whole years of existence, I'd never heard of a wolf that could suck from another. It shouldn't even be possible.



We were soon approaching the gates of Darkspire.I felt more safe now that I was home.


"Thank you," I mumbled. "For saving me."



"It's nothing,Lyric."



The guards stopped him at the gates, but there was someone else out there. Jaris, Kael and two other guards.



I felt so much better seeing Jaris. I couldn't wait to tell him about the attack.



"Thank you. You don't have to go in. I'll just take it from here," I said as I reached for my bag. "Are you sure?"



"Yeah, you've done a lot tonight. Thanks."


I left the car,going to meet Jaris who seemed to have been having a deep conversation with his people. But he stopped as he watched me approach.


I noticed the dark glint in his eyes. He looked pissed.Maybe he was because I was home late and he had been trying to reach me.



"Alpha-"



"Where have you been, Lyric?" He cut me off, his voice like steel.

###Chapter 99 

LYRIC



I hesitated for a moment, trying to think of the best way to handle his mood.



"I've been calling for fuck knows how long! You didn't return any of my calls! I was fucking worried,and this whole time,you were with him?! Are you for real?"



I glanced at the car behind me. Alpha Zarek was still there. His glass wasn't tainted, so we could see him.


"No! It's-It's not what you think. I tried to call back but-"



"What is wrong with you, Lyric? Do you really have no self-control? How can you be this loose?"



His words struck me deep in the heart that my jaw dropped to the floor.



Kael shifted uncomfortably and turned to the guards with him.



"Let's go,"he whispered.



I watched as they walked off, leaving me with the unreasonable side of Jaris. "How can you even say that?" I scoffed. "I don't sleep around, Alpha Jaris! So, you have no right to use those words on me!"



Now that we were alone, I felt that I could finally raise my voice. Although it came more from pain than frustration.



"Oh, spare me!" He scoffed. "You don't even know what you do. You're that desperate for sex, aren't you?It isn't just me!"



For a moment, I feared I'd have a heart failure. What was he talking about?



He sounded like I was a whore. A shameless whore he hated.



"| don't..." | shook my head, tears pouring down. "I don't understand. How can you-"



"Before we signed this agreement, I told you how important my image is," He stepped toward me,anger emanating from his pore. "I told you l didn't give a fuck how loose you were. But I made you understand I didn't want you fucking around while we were together. All you have to do is wait, Lyric! If you're so desperate for men, you fucking wait until we're done!Then,I won't stop you."



"You don't even know what happened!" I yelled at him "How can you just lay these stupid accusations against me? What is wrong with you?!" | didn't mind the fact that I was using a curse word on him. I was so pissed and hurt.



"You know what? Why don't you go back to the car with him? I'm sure you're dying to spend the night with him, huh? Go back, Lyric! You probably have more men you want to sleep with."


Everything seemed to stop. My heart. The air. Time.


For a moment, I couldn't even see Jaris in front of me as everything wvent blank. I thought I was going to pass out.


But seconds later, everything returned to normal. I could see Jaris again. I could breathe again. But my heart wasn't the same. It wasn't beating right.


I looked at Jaris now and could only see a stranger.Since I met him, he had said a lot of hurtful things to me; things that made me cry.



But none of them had been like this. None of them had tortured me this much.



It was as painful as dying.



| dragged my eyes from his face to the ground beneath his feet. So many retorts rested on my tongue. But | couldn't find the strength to push them out.



"You're unbelievable." It was all I could manage to say.


I turned around to leave but stopped dead in my tracks. No. I couldn't leave like this.



I turned back to him. He was still staring at me, his eyes as hot as mine.



"I don't know where you get these speculations from,and I don't even care. Not anymore. But know this,Jaris," Yeah, I called him by his name. To hell with the respect. "My whole life, I have only ever slept with one man, and it's the worst mistake of my life."


I let my hatred burn through as I turned and walked away, going past Zarek's car. I heard him come out of the car.



"Lyric!"


But I didn't turn. I was done with everyone. I was done with everything.



＊＊＊＊十十



JARIS



I felt a bitter taste on my tongue, and a heavy ache in my heart. For the first time, she called me by my name while she was conscious. But it rolled off her tongue with deep hatred.



Rage. Hatred. Confliction.



I felt it all at once.



For hours, the boys and I had been looking for her.I was worried that something bad might have happened.



Yet, it seemed she was with Zarek alI along.



I knew how she sounded. She was clearly trying to deny it. But I knew better. She slept with him before we got mated. Who was to say she hadn't been doing the same after then?



A car stopped by the road to drop off one of our Pack members. I angrily watched as she got inside herself.


For weeks, we've been on an 'okay' level. It was painful to know I wasn't exclusive to her body. That after everything we shared, she still went running to her side lover.



Zarek stormed toward me.



Oh,now that I thought of it, the asshole was still here.He was insane if he thought he'd be getting out of here unhurt.

 I wanted to hurt him. So so bad.



"What is wrong with you, Jaris?!" He growled at me.


I saw red as I looked at him. I balled mny hands into fists, thinking of the best way to hurt him.



"How can you be so unreasonable? Do you even know what happened to her?"



I punched him before he could say anymore.



Oh, fuck the asshole. It was all his fault. If he hadn't set up that stupid bet. If he hadn't tempted Lyric to fall for him, none of these would've happened.



"Look,you need to calm the fuck down," he growled,not even touching the part of his face I'd punched.



I was trying so hard to think straight, but it was extremely difficult with the asshole in front of me.



"I'll kill you, Zarek," I hissed. "I promise you,if you don't get away from me right now-"



"Look, I'd rather pick grass than be anywhere near you But you're being unfair to Lyric. She didn't deserve what you just did!"



"Oh, really?" I stepped toward him. "You think you're in any position to say that considering what you've done?" "Exactly! What 'l've' done. Not what 'she' did." He spoke like I was missing something. But I knew his words could only be a lie. He was an asshole who was going to die by my hands someday.



I glared at him from head to toe, wishing there were no witnesses to see me kill him.



"Get away from here," I spat, just before | turned around to leave.



"Lyric and I never had sex!"



His words froze me.
###Chapter 100
Now what was he playing at?


I turned slowly to look at him, my anger burning hotter.



He shook his head, appearing conflicted with what he was about to say.



"I only wanted to rile you up, Jaris. I wanted to get back at you for what you did with Chloe.Fuck,I never thought I'd actually be doing this-trying to speak on her behalf. But unlike you, I've got a heart, and I just realized she's a good girl and doesn't deserve this. She doesn't even know what happened that night."



"If you're saying something, you speak fast, Zarek."My words dripped with impatience. I was losing it. But it was majorly because he was making me curious.



"I tried to get her the normal way, but she didn't fall for it. She wouldn't even talk to me. So, I lured her to the garden where her drink was poisoned. It gave her illusions. She was supposed to see the face of the man she truly craved after taking the drink. So, when I showed up, she saw your face on mine.



"I was shocked when she called your name. I mean you two had just met. How could she be in love with you already? So, all those times she was kissing me she thought she was kissing you."


I was completely numb. I couldn't utter a word and could only watch as he reached for his phone in his back pocket. Tapping the screen a few times, he turned it to me to display the video on the screen.



"This is the original clip. Unmuted," he said as the video played on the phone.



I could hear her now. All she moaned the entire time while holding and kissing Zarek was my name.



My brows drew together in confusion.



"Why do you think the video was muted in the first place?" He pulled the phone away, tucking it back into his pocket.


"It was because I didn't want to hear that, Jaris. I don't know how she happened to fall for you so quickly, but she's loved you since then. And if it came down to choosing, she'd have never let me anywhere near her.And the worst part, she thinks it was all a dream. She doesn't know anything of it."


The shock I felt was like nothing I'd felt in years. Not even when Jace accused Marta of cheating.

 
I lowered my gaze to the floor and the ground seemed to spin.



"And about tonight," Zarek's voice grew angrier."Didn't you stop to think about the fact that she didn't return in her car? She was attacked on her way home,man! By some bloodsucking wolves! They turned her car over and she'd have died had I not been there to save her. She was so damn scared and only wanted to get home. From the look of things, she was eager to share them with you. But what did you do? You publicly accused her of cheating with the one man that had saved her life. You didn't even give her the chance to explain herself."



He stepped back and tsked, shaking his head as if in disappointment. "You're terrible, man."



Then,he was gone.


I barely even registered it. All I could focus on was the fact that I'd been wrong to Lyric the whole time.



A foreign feeling settled deep in my chest. It took me a moment to realize it was regret.



What have I done? How did this happen?


Everything came crashing down-how I humiliated her at the temple because I thoughnt she slept with Zarek.How rude and cold I was to her. And just now, I'd hurt her in the worst way possible. She cried so hard! "Fuck!" I snapped, pulling at my roots.


Kael and the others came to me.



"What's going on?" Kael asked like a friend concerned



I rubbed my hand over my face, a sudden ache developing in my head.



Lyric never slept with Zarek. She only kissed him because she thought it was me. She'd never cheated on me. She loved me this whole time.



I reached for my phone and tried to call her,but this time,her line was switched off.



Damn it.



"Get the car ready, Kael," I instructed without looking at him. "Now."



****	****



For a long time, we drove down the road, but we couldn't tell wwhich part Lyric had taken. There was no trace of her.



Where could she possibly go? There was no way she'd go back to the hospital. So, that narrowed the search down to hotels.


 
"Check every hotel in the city, starting from the ones closest to the Pack," I instructed. "She's got to be around somewhere. No one is sleeping tonight until we've found her."
###Chapter 101
LYRIC



I sniffled as I tucked some strands of hair behind my ear,my face red.


The maid came up to me with the steaming cup of tea.



"Thanks.," I mumbled as I took it from her.



Father walked up to me. "Your room is ready."



I nodded,taking a sip from my cup


"Do you mind telling me what happened? And for how long will you be here?"


He'd been worried since I came in crying. But I couldn't even bring myself to repeat all the treacherous things Jaris had said about me.



"I'm fine," I sniffled. "I don't know how long I'll be here for now. I just-l just want to sleep for now."


"Does Jaris know you're here?"


"Trust me, he won't be looking for me," I scoffed. But the words made me feel immense pain. He didn't care that his words had hurt me. He didn't care when I was leaving. He's never cared for me at all. How did I even let myself get entangled with him?


I drank from my tea but had a hard time swallowing.Everything tasted bitter on my tongue.



I dropped the cup and stood up. "I'll just be in my room."


That night, I cried for a long time. Sleep was far from me,chased away by my pain.



'You're that desperate for sex. aren't you? It isn't just me!



He sounded like he knew l'd been lusting after him.I don't even know how that's possible, but he made me feel stupid about it.


'If you're so desperate for men, you fucking wait until we're done!'



I cried harder, remembering all the cruel things he said to me. My whole life, I'd never felt more ashamed.More ridiculed. There was no way I was getting over this.



****十十＊＊＊＊十十



JARIS



"There's still no trace of her," Nerion gave me the same report. The same disappointing one they'd been giving me since last night.


I stood up and ambled to the window in my office,loosening the stupid tie around my neck.


"Where the fuck is she?" I mumbled under my breath.But I knew Nerion didn't have an answer.



It's been twelve hours since she left the house. We've checked every hotel in the city, but she wasn't in any of them. I even went as far as reaching Juan and Becky to know if she crashed with any of them since they were the only friends she had. But they didn't know anything about it either.



I asked Kael to reach out to the asshole, Jace. But he was even furious and worried when he learned she was missing.


Even this morning, I called the hospital to know if she showed up to work, but they told me she sent en email,requesting an emergency leave.



Nobody knew where the hell she was, and it was getting on my nerves. Didn't she want to be found?


Now that I've had more time to think, I realized I needed to talk more with Zarek. There were some questioning statements about his revelation from last night. Like how was Lyric lured to the garden? She must've been lured by someone she trusted, and I damn well know she didn't trust Zarek. So, who was it?



Or maybe, Lyric could have an answer to that.



First things first, I needed to find her.


As I paced the room, a thought suddenly settled in mny mind. One I hadn't thought of before.



I turned to Kael with furrowed brows. "Contact her father."



****十＊＊＊＊十十



LYRIC



Nothing interested me today.


Not going to the hospital. Nothing.


I just stayed indoors in my room, managing to eat when the servants brought my meal.


But later in the day, I decided to take a walk around the Pack,just to clear my head.


My father's pack had a fine walkway where you had a row of beautiful flowers on each side. It was very relaxing, and when I was little, I used to spend most of my time running around there. As I walked down the beautiful path, I touched the necklace around me.



Since the last time Jaris seized it from me months ago,I'd learned to be more careful with it. I mostly keep it in my bag and wear it on rare occasions.


Like now, when I know there's no sign of him, I have it on me.



I've always enjoyed having it on me. The last connection I had with my twins.



I was wrong for saying having sex with Jaris was the worst mistake of my life. I hated him for everything he's done to me, but I don't regret having those kids.I only regret that they died.



"What're you doing here?"


I stopped in my tracks when I heard Nora's voice.



Oh.



I'd been so lost staring at the floor while walking that I didn't notice her in front of me.



My retort died in my throat when I noticed the state she was in. Her eye was swollen, her nose broken.There were other fading bruises on her face and neck.



"What happened to you?" The question was out before | could stop it.


Since they could still be seen, I could only assume they must've happened this morning


She looked away, adjusting her sleeves to cover her wrists. "It's none of your business. I asked what you were doing here."


"Hold on, did Roderick do this to you?"



It'd only make sense. They were mated. And if he did beat her up, it'd explain why she was here at home.



"I told you it's none of your business," she snapped,bout I was already going closer to her.


I could spot the bruises on her wrists now. The ones she was trying so hard to cover.



"How could he?" I muttered under my breath.



How could he do this to her? What did she even do to deserve this?



"Were you kicked out of your pack?" She chuckled."Is Jaris suddenly fed up with you?"


My heart hurt from thinking about him.


"Nora, I think you should be more concerned about yourself. If Roderick has been hurting you-" "I thought I told you to leave it alone?! Why won't you mind your own business, Lyric?!" She shouted at me.


It was enough to bring me back to reality.Fine.


"You don't even deserve my sympathy, anyway."I stepped away from her. "Afterall, you wanted so badly to take Roderick from me. How does it feel getting a taste of my medicine?"



Her cheeks burned with both shame and rage. She Looked like she was about to say something to me,but we were both interrupted by a guard.



"Ma'am Lyric, I need you to come with me,please."



"Why? What's happening?"


"Your father. And Alpha Jaris. They want to see you."
###Chapter 102
I thought the guard was joking or wrong. Jaris was here? What was he doing here? I knew there was no way he'd be looking for me. He should be more than happy that I left.



I followed the guard to the living room, and to my surprise, Jaris was there, Kael and Nerion top.



Father was standing beside Jaris, and they all looked at me as I walked in.



Okay. Maybe he's here to terminate the contract.That'd be the best news I'd have heard in years.



Right now, I didn't want him here. I didn't even want to see him. Seeing him only brought back painful memories of what he'd done to me the previous night.


I didn't even bother to greet him as I stood with them,making sure to keep my distance.



"Alpha Jaris is looking for you," Father said,surprising me.



I looked at him but didn't say a word. I noticed he'd been staring at me since I came into the room.


"I'd love to speak with her alone, if you don't mind," Jaris said to those around him.



What?



"No." My voice was firm. "Whatever you have to say you can say it now."


With the good things that's happened with Jaris and I for the past few weeks, I didn't think I'd be so cold toward him.



I was furious. He hurt me and I didn't want him around.


He looked at me with surprise, clearly not expecting I'd to say that in front of all these people.


His voice turned colder when he spoke again. "I asked to have the room."



"If they leave, I'm leaving, Alpha Jaris." I made sure to include sarcasm in the way I called his name.


I could see the glint in his eyes. He was getting pissed.But above all, he looked hurt.



Too bad I didn't care right now. I was beyond hurt last night. I was shattered. And why was he even here like he cared?



"Okay. Since you want to do this here." He tucked his hand into his pocket. "Why are you here?" I shrugged. "Maybe because you asked me to leave.You told me to sleep with other men. And since I didn't hnave any, I decided to come here."


The surprise in Jaris' face was unmistakable. He probably didn't expect me to reveal that in front of everyone.



They all looked at me in shock, father's own being the most obvious. Well, I didn't have any intention of hiding it. They should all know what Jaris was doing to me.



"Go get your things. We're going home." Jaris started toward the door.



He was clearly pissed. Very pissed.



"I'm not going anywhere with you." My words stopped him at the door. "I'm staying here, Alpha Jaris. For now."


Looking at him, I wanted to cry right now. He may not have said the word, but he called me a slut last night.He made me feel so ashamed of myself, for even loving him.


His jaw ticked as he turned around to face me."What did you say?"



I forced myself to remain strong. He looked intimidating right now, but this wasn't the time to cower.



"I said I'm not going with you. I'm staying here for now."



"For how long?"


"| don't know. I just know that I don't want to be near you. Or that place."


Pain flickered across his eyes. But a second later, it was gone,replaced by hostility.



"You seem to be forgetting that we had an agreement, Lyric Harper. As much as you'd want to do what your silly head wants, we have a contract binding us."



"Well, I'm pretty sure the contract doesn't include you calling me names and asking me to go sleep around."I tried to sound and look nonchalant, but only I knew how hurt I was. How I was shaking inside. "Right noW,Alpha Jaris, I don't really care about the contract. The only way I'm leaving here is if you ask them-" | tipped my head toward Kael and Nerion. "-to drag me out of here. They'd have to humiliate me. But it's fine. It wouldn't be the first time you'd be hurting or humiliating me."


My eyelids stung with the heat of unshed tears. But l couldn't let them fall. I couldn't let him see how broken | was. I turned on my heel and hurried away, going up the stairs.



MARTA



There was finally some good news for the Monroes.


Marta happily went home when her mother called and told her they'd found Penelope, the woman they'd gotten the kids from.



She walked into the house and found the tall fine woman sitting on the couch with her head high,looking like she was the boss among them.


She was just like Marta remembered. She'd always had that bossy nature.


"How are you here? I thought you were far from here or something?" She asked the question that'd been on her mind since her mother told her they found her.



"I could ask you the same thing. I didn't know this was the country you resided in," the woman said with slight arrogance in her voice.


"Are you here on a mission?" Marta stepped toward her."Are you here to ruin things for me?"


"Oh, please. You wouldn't have seen me had your family not been looking for me. Besides, I was born here. I only traveled out on business."


"Marta, drop it. This isn't the reason we looked for her,"her grandmother scolded.


She stopped arguing but kept her suspicious eyes on the woman.



"Penelope, where did you get the kids from?" Her grandmother asked.



Now it was Penelope's turn to look suspicious."Why are you asking? We all agreed the mother's identity would stay with me."


"Well, there's a lot at stake, okay? Because those kids themed out to actually belong to the man I bought them for." Marta snapped.


"What?" Penelope's bossy face was crumpled in a frown. "How's that possible?"



"Exactly. That's the reason you're here. How did the kids turn out to be his? Who's their mother?"



"W-Well, it was just a random ugly girl."


"What ugly girl?"


"I don't even know her. I only met her on the streets,heavily pregnant, and took her in. You'd already contacted me for a child before then. I found out she was carrying a set of twins and you were excited when I told you about it. You said the more the better.I took the babies from her when they were born, and it was the last time I saw her."



Marta scoffed, batting her lashes. "So, are you trying to say my man got an ugly girl pregnant? He can't even get me pregnant! I had to lie about the whole thing and was glad he fell for it."



"Who's this girl? Do you have pictures of her?"


Penelope reached for her phone, operated it for sometime before showing the screen to Marta's mother.



Marta rushed over to join them in watching the pictures.


"Eww! She's really ugly!" Her mother made a face of disgust.


"What's that ugly scar?"



They all said mean things about her, but Marta was quiet.



"I know her," she said after sometime, feeling cold all of a sudden.
###Chapter 103 
"Oh, now it makes sense. She's that lady from the hotel!"



"What hotel are you talking about?" Her grandmother insisted.



Marta shook her head, not wanting to narrate the story in front of Penelope. She never told her family the story.



Years before she got the twins, she had to do a lot to stay by Jaris' side. That included getting rid of any bitch that might get his attention.



There were times when Jaris would be really pissed and wanted to take it out in bed on someone, but he had developoed a certain dislike for Marta and hardly touched her. So, he'd go for other girls.


Marta kept a tab on him and knew all about his movements without him knowing. She knew when he met the ugly girl at the bar and took her to his hotel But unlike him, he stayed the night. That was what bothered her.



She was even more surprised when she contacted the hotel and they told her Jaris was booking for another day.



She had to make a quick plan.



Fortunately, something urgent happened in the pack that was enough to make him leave the hotel in a hurry. Then, she bribed one of the staff to get the ugly thing to leave.


Marta didn't bother to know more about the girl. After all, it was the last time Jaris ever saw her.


So, how did she get pregnant from a one-night intercourse? Did she do it on purpose?



"We need to find her," she placed her palm against her forehead. "We must do whatever it takes to find her."



****十十****



LYRIC



I'd just finished from my shift at TCH and was at the ground floor heading to the exit when I heard someone call me from behind.



"Excuse me! Doctor Lyric!"



I stopped walking and turned around to see one of the securities holding a wrapped box in his hand.
"I was just on my way to your office. This came in for you."


I had my brows furrowed as I looked at it. A prosont for me?



"Who sent it?"



He smiled as he answered, "Alpha Jaris."



My heart nosedived. What the hell? Jaris was sending me gifts?



Time seemed to stretch as I stared at the present without touching it. What was he playing at?


It's been two days since I left his Pack. He was no doubt, disappointed with the way I handled things when he came to father's pack, and since he left, I hadn't heard from him again.



I hated the deep feeling of loneliness | felt. But I wasn't ready to forget what happened. I still felt insulted and ashamed each time I remembered his words.



"Tell him I don't need it," I replied with a chill in my voice,then turned and left.


I got into my car and drove off to meet with Jace.


****	**** JARIS



"She rejected it," Kael whispered in my ear before he stepped back.


My hands clenched into fists as I forced myself to remember the fact that I was in a meeting and there were so many eyes on me. I couldn't act out in front of all these people.



But damn Lyric for giving me a hard time.


What exactly did she want, huh? For the first time I was getting her a gift and she dared to reject it?


Fine, I was wrong. I hurt her feelings with my words and did go a litte too far. But what else did I have to do to get her forgiveness?


I even had to go to her father's Pack to try and bring her back. I forgave the fact she was rude to me in front of others. Now I was sending her presents. What more did she want?



"This case looks too familiar," one of the elders tsked,shaking his head. "If they're really sucking the blood of wolves, it only means it's the Feeders. They're back?"


"That can't be. It's been nine years already. I thought they were trapped and could never be released?" I pinched the bridge of my nose, hating this conversation already.


I had to bring it up after Zarek told me Lyric had been attacked by another group of those suckers. It was time to face reality. The threat was back.


"I think they must have found a way to break out," I said to them. "Right now, if it's truly them, we have to find a way to put them in order."


"You speak like it's easy to do. You hadn't been Alpha ten years ago, but I think you should've heard about the destruction they caused, Jaris, and how difficult it had been I put them down."



I was tempted to laugh at the elder that had just spoken to me. They thought I didn't know a thing?They were actualy the ones that didn't know nothing about what happened ten years ago.



Who did they think put the suckers down in the first place? Who got rid of my stupid brother who was always leading them on?


Everyone just woke up one day and discovered their problems were gone, and they thought they went away on their own? I did so much to make those problems go away.


"I understand how serious and dangerous it is," I relaxed even more in my chair. "I wouldn't bring it here if I didn't. But more of our people are going to die if we don't get it handled."


The meetng lasted for almost an hour. Everyone kept throwing in suggestions.


The Feeders were the wolves' nemesis. The reason they were quite strong was due to the fact that they sucked off the blood of other wolves.



They were a rare species that started existing on earth only a thousand years ago. When they were newly discovered, their kind was killed off as much as possible. They went into extinction, but they kept reproducing, and over the years,kept coming back.


They were dangerous to the wolves. Very dangerous.


The elders decided to pass an information to every other Pack, telling them to put out more security measures in place. If most of Feeders got killed,perhaps, it would stop the others from bothering us for now.



These were the kind of situations the Alpha King handled.Now,more than ever, the wolves needed one.


When we finished the discussion of the Feeders,they brought it up to me.


"The second trial is a week from now, Alpha Jaris." Luca said with a smile. "You were amazing on the first trail. I have no doubt you'll do just fine on this one."


I simply nodded. "Looking forward to it, Luca."


Now more than ever, I needed to win this position.With the Feeders back, and my brother, the throne needed someone like me on it. Someone that knew very much about them.


I couldn't help but be grateful that Zarek's stupid ploy had pushed me into the game.


During the entire discussion, I never disclosed any information on my brother. Everyone believed he was dead-I made sure of that.


They all knew how dangerous he was. If they knew he was back and likely controlling this Feeders...it wouldn't end well.



The meeting was already drawing to an end when she walked in. Selestia.



Everyone looked at her in surprise as she made her way in,her eyes on me.


"Selestia? Do you need something?" One of the elders asked.



Shs wasn't supposed to be here. Usually,her pace was in her small cottage where she preferred living. Selestia was a seventy-five year old woman who barely looked fifty. She was the Pack's seer. Although,with age, her sight seemed to be getting limited.


But when she was young, she used to be pretty good.


"Alpha Jaris," she stopped in front of me, her hands on her thighs.



She was wearing a long green dress that covered her feet, her hair stylishly wrapped in a scarf, two big earrings on her ear. Selestia was, no doubt, very hot and beautiful when she was young. It could still be seen even in her old age.



She kept her both hands on her thighs as she looked at me.



"When will you tell them the truth?"
###Chapter 104 
JARIS



I arched my brows at her but didn't say a word.


"You know there's something you're keeping from everyone I may not really know what it is, but I can smell it around you-fishy." She sniffed the air."There is something fishy about you. I have always been able to tell each time I laid eyes on you. And you know if you sit on that throne-" she pointed at the empty throne ontop the stage. "-there would be chaos."


I shrugged my shoulders with nonchalance. "I don't know what you're talking about, Selestia."


"Oh, we both know you do." She turned to the elders."He can't be on that throne. You can't let it happen.I am telling y/ou, if Jaris Dreadmoor rules us all, he'd bring destruction upon us. He is bad for this. Very bad."Her eyes were darker as she returned them to me."And he knows it."



I held her gaze, not giving any expression,whatsoever.


"Selestia, come on," Luca frowned. "You must be stressed. You should go on and get some rest." "Won't you consider a word I just said?" She snapped at him, stomping her foot in anger. "I just told you Jaris Dreadmoor is bad for us. But of course, you won't listen. You won't listen because you are obsessed with him! You think he is our best option! Oh,he will make us suffer!"



I grabbed my phones and lifted myself, absolutely done with her.



"I'll be on my way now." I nodded to the elders."Thank you for arranging this meeting."


And I was off, leaving Selestia seething with rage.


"What do you think that was about?" Kael asked as soon as we got outside and started heading to the car.


Nerion, who had been supervising the place, came to join us.


"Don't know. Don't care. It's not news that Selestia can be crazy sometimes."


I took out my phone to check if Lyric had responded to the text I sent during the meeting.


'Did you have to reject the gift? What' is wrong with you?'


That was what I sent to her. But she hadn't replied. Same way she hadn't returned my calls in the past two days.


She was starting to get on my nerves.


"Lyric is being too difficult." I found myself opening up to Kael. "She still won't talk to me."


"Uh...to be honest, I think she has the right to be,"Kael said to my surprise. "I wasn't there to hear what you told her, but I'm damn sure you were very rude.And if you really asked her to go sleep with other men,you were really really wrong, Alpha."


I wanted to roll my eyes at him. "I didn't ask fora scolding, Kael. If you can't help, just stop talking."


He shrugged and said nothing else until we reached the car. I settled into the backseat while he joined Nerion in the front seat.



Okay.Maybe there was something wrong with me.


I fucked up. And as much as I hate to admit it, I missed having Lyric around. I missed bumping into her on the passage. I missed seeing her with her red lipstick on.I missed watching her with the kids. I missed her smiles.Her daughters. And even that silly frown of hers. 4


"Fucking hell," I mumbled as I pulled around my collar.


I felt hot all of a sudden. Hot and uncomfortable. Why the hell does she have this effect on me? Why do I miss her so much?


"What do you think I can do to get her to forgive me?"The question was out before | could stop it.


Seriously,Jaris? How're you so helpless?


Kael looked at me and smirked. Nerion glanced at me through the rearview mirror.


"I mean,I thought she'd appreciate my presents. They were quite expensive, you know? I'm trying to do some good here."



"Maybe she just needs an apology." Nerion shrugged,cutting into the conversation.



My face crumbled as I looked at him like he'd just said something ridiculous.



"What?"



"You've been to her place, gotten her presents,given her calls. But I don't think you've actually apologized to her."



I huffed, dragging my gaze to the window.


"He's right, Alpha." Kael supported. "You know you're on the wrong here. Maybe apologizing and acknowledging what you did would go a long way." I go completely silent, because I knew they were right.The only problem was, I hated apologizing.


When I apologized to Marta a week ago, it was the first time I'd done so in years. I couldn't even remember the last time | apologized for something before Marta. And I'd only done so because it involved our kids.



I'd doubted her, hurt her, and even distanced myself from the kids. She deserved that apology.



But aside that, I didn't think I could apologize to anyone.But now I have to, to Lyric.


A call coming into my phone distracted me. A welcome distraction, actually.I quickly answered when I discovered it was Margaret.



"Good evening, Alpha Jaris. I just sent the pictures and details of the Siphon to you. Sorry it took this long. It was hard reaching the Executioners."



"Good." I simply said before ending the call.


I quickly went to my email and found the recent one from Margaret. I clicked it open and downloaded the image.When it opened, the phone almost slipped from my hand.


I shut my eyes and shook my head. I opened my eyes again, but the image in front of me did not change.For a moment, I thought I must have been imagining things.



I wasn't.



But how was this possible?



"What the hell?" I mumbled as I zoomed into the picture.



"Boss, is there a problem?" Nerion ahead, looking at me through the mirror.


The Siphon was 'Princess'. The very girl I'd been longing to see again for five years. The one that had abandoned me at the hotel, taking a piece of my heart with her.



How was it possible? She was the Siphon and had helped release my brother?! How could she do this?
###Chapter 105

The weather got bad, so we couldn't fly back to Darkspire that evening. We lodged in an hotel, and I took my time, explaining to Kael and Nerion how important it was to really find the scarred lady now.



I still couldn't believe she was a Siphon. Something forbidden. And I'd slept with her. Fallen for her.



Was it possible she was working with my brother?



It fucking hurt. It troubled me so deeply I couldn't sleep through the night.



The following morning, we flew to Darkspire. It wasn't until we arrived that I got to think of Lyric and the fact that she wasn't here.



Thoughts of the Siphon had taken residence in my head yesterday. Now more than ever, I wanted to find her and understand what happened. More importantly,I needed to find her before the Executioners did.



****	****



How many surprises could I get in twenty-four hours?


First, it was Lyric rejecting my present. Next, it was the old Selestia saying shit about me in front of everyone. Then,I got the most shocking revelation that the lady I'd desperately been looking for for the past five years was a Siphon and was likely working with my brother.



I honestly thought that was the worst and would be the last. But nothing prepared me for the sight I met in the living room.



Right in front of me as I walked into the house was Maddy,my little sister.


Well,not so little since she was twenty-one,but she'd always been so tiny, one could think she was sixteen.



Standing behind was my mother, looking uneasy.



I froze at the door, trying to see if everything was merely my imagination. Was Maddy really in front of me? How was she back?



"Brother Jaris," she was called the name with mockery her lips titling up in a smirk. "I have been waiting for you. For hours now."



Hours. So,she must have returned this morning. And I didn't know about it.



"Mother?" | tried to keep my cool as I looked at her."Care to explain what's going on?"



My control was about to snap. This shouldn't be happening. Handling Maddy's craziness wasn't in my books.



"I'm-I'm sorry. I had to get her back, Jaris. She's been there for too long," Mother said with a guilty face.



"I'm right here!" Maddy squealed. "Why don't you just talk to me?"


I returned my gaze to her. She looked older than the last time I saw her. Well, that was five years ago if we were counting.


But I was glad she looked even more beautiful.


Her brown hair was so long they nearly touched her waist, and her silver eyes-just like mine-shun really bright now.


Maddy had always been a pretty girl. Too bad she lost her mind.



After the death of our father and our brother's disappearance, she went all psycho. Nobody knew what was wrong with her, but mother and I did.


She's always had it in her from birth. It was her own 'effect.' but she's always had it under control. Except when everything happened ten years ago, she finally lost her mind.



She turned on me, blamed me for everything, and was always looking forward to hurting me. Except when she couldn't kill me-because she loved me too much as her brother-she started hurting others.


She was the reason I left the scarred lady at the hotel that day. I'd gotten a call from Kael, telling me to hurry over as Maddy was killing people.


By the time I arrived, she'd killed four people. Though,she was already chained up.


According to her, they tried to kill her and she was only defending herself.


It was chaotic then. The families of the people she killed wanted justice, but of course, I couldn't hurt my little sister.



We truly believed she'd lost her mind and had to send her away to a mental facility to get better.



I got used to her absence and the peace that came with it, that even when the doctors insisted she was fine and desperately wvanted to come home, I refused it.



But obviously, mother found a way around it.


And now, Maddy was right here, giving me that devil stare.



Honestly, I didn't think she was better. "Did you miss me, killer?" She smirked, giving me that creepy look I always hated on her.


To anyone else, she might look intimidating. But she's still Maddy. I fucking held her when she was born.Right now, she was so small I could break her with my bare hands.



"| was supposed to be home more than a year ago."Cold rage bled into her voice as she came toward me."You made sure they didn't let me out. Even when I tried to run, you made sure they always caught me and had me chained.How dare you?!"



She was faster than I thought. Next thing I saw was her hand coming at me with a blade in it. Before I could react, she managed to get me right in the chest,just below my shoulder.


"Goodness! Maddy!" Mother was on her as soon as she could, but her daughter easily shrugged her off.


Okay. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe Maddy had gotten a lot stronger than she was five years ago.


She pushed the blade deeper and I got hold of her wrist, bringing a stop to her movement. With a shove,I pushed her back, so hard she landed on her butts.


Yeah, she might be strong, but she was still too little to me. "Get a grip on yourself, Maddy. Don't make me hurt you,"I warned.


Kael,who had been watching from the door quickly went out. I had no doubt he was going to get Nerion.He was the only one who could ever handle her madness.



"Hurt me?" She chuckled without humour as she got to her feet. Mother was in front of her,putting herself between us. But I didn't think there was much she could do if Maddy wanted to hurt me.



"You've been hurting me for the past ten years,asshole! Since you killed my father and brother."



"Maddy! Watch what you say!" Mother scolded.



I winced from the sting in my shoulder.



Fuck,the little brat must have poisoned the blade.
###Chapter 106
JARIS



Oh,Maddy.If she wasn't my sister right now.


"Why don't you understand me, mother?" She looked at mother with tears glistening in her eyes. "He killed them. And when I kept saying it to his face,he had me Locked up!"



"No. You were locked up because you killed people.We only wanted you to get better, Maddy."



While they argued, I managed to take out the blade myself.The wound was nasty and wasn't healing. Fuck the little thing that was my sister.



"Listen carefully, Maddy." My voice was serious enough to get both their attention. "I didn't want you back, not now. But if you don't get a grip on yourself during your stay here, I promise you, l'll have you dragged back to that facility. This time, I'll make sure they keep you in an isolated room so there are no chances of you escaping ever again."


I flicked my gaze from her head to heel. "Don't make me think you're still mad and need their care." 
"Jaris, please stop." Mother said with exhaustion.


Maddy's lips were parted as if she couldn't believe I'd just said those words. Well, she had it coming.



"Oh, to hell with you, Jaris!" She screamed and was about coming at me when the door opened, revealing Nerion and Kael.


But her eyes settled on Nerion.


She froze instantly and seemed to recoil.


I could never understand the relationship she had with my head of security. She always grew calm around him like he had her on a leash or something.



Nerion was a tall fine man with a straight jaw, well-defined abs and muscles, and deep blue eyes. He had the strength of a dozen men and was always ready to face danger. But unlike Kael, he was gentle and always the peace-maker.



I wouldn't be surprised if my sister fell for him-after all she was human and he looked good-but what did Nerion see in her? The girl was a pure lunatic and didn't deserve him. I'd tried telling him this before.



"Maddy," he calmly called her name.


That was one thing about Nerion. He was always very calm. But it was wvhen he was provoked or threatened that the real him did come out. He was my head of security for a reason.


However,today was different. My sister's expression went from cold to shock to hurt, then rage.


"You!" She growled.



Before we knew it, she was pouncing on Nerion.


I shook my head at Mother whose face was filled with so much guilt. I let her see how disappointed I was in her for bringing Maddy home.



****十


It took the intervention of more hands to finally get the mad girl to stop. She was forcefully taken to her room with mother keeping her company.


"We're going to TCH," I said to Kael as I walked out of the house.



He easily caught up with me, Nerion following closely behind.



"Why?"



I glared at him and glanced at my wound."Can't you see? I need to get treated." Now it was his turn to look at me like I was ridiculous."Um... It is just a stab wound, Alpha. I can just get the pack doctor to-"



I stopped walking halfway to my car, closing my eyes and lifting my head toward the sky. "Don't make me feel stupid, Kael. You think I didn't know about the Pack doctor before I suggested going to TCH?"


I continued walking and he followed.


"Okay. I get that the blade was poisoned and youI're still hurting, but Tiana could easily handle this. You don't need to go to TCH for this."



I ignored him. Nerion was already by the car and opened the door before I went in. He and Kael took their positions in the front seat.



Kael turned to me with an annoying smirk-one l wanted to wipe off his face. "Don't tell me you're going to TCH to meet a certain doctor?"


I expected it from him. The asshole.


"Stop talking and take me to TCH." I took my attention to my phone.


"Well, Nerion is the one driving, not me," he chuckled. LYRIC



I spent my thirty minutes break with Jace in TCH's restaurant. It's actually something we've been doing for some time now since he was kicked out of Darkspire.



I missed having him close. I hated that everything happened the way it did. But I was also glad the kids got to retain their home and position.


"What do you mean you're having dinner with Kael?"I asked with a confused expression, a slice of buttered bread in my hand. "I mean, since when do you and Kael actually hang out?"


"Kids aren't meant to know everything, Lyric." He rolled his eyes at me.



I grabbed my fork. "Call me a kid one more time and I'Ll stab you with this."



"Oh, help! The scaredy Lyric is finally being bad and I'm going to be her first victim." He faked a distressed voice.



I couldn't hold back my laughter.


"| was only scared when I was ugly, Jace." I dropped the fork, holding the bread with both hands. "You should know I don't take shit from anyone anymore." "Yeah, I know. Goes a long way to explain how you're strong-hearted to be away from Darkspire for three days now."


I rolled my eyes as | took a huge bite from my bread.


"So...you said you wanted to say something to me?"


"That's correct." I dropped my bread.


I knew it was about to get serious.



"I want to make more research about-" I leaned in closer to him as I lowered my voice to a whisper, "-being a Siphon."


Jace dropped his cutlery. His reaction was just what l expected-horrified.


"And...why would you want to do that?"


"Well, I was wondering-maybe it'd be nice if I could defend myself with it."


"You're still saying nothing, Lyric."


"When I was attacked by those bloodsuckers, I tried to see if I could siphon their oxygen or something. You know, to save myself. But I couldn't. And that is because I haven't tried to know how to properly use my powers." "Are you out of your mind?" He donned an expression of astonished disbelief. This wasn't Jace joking.He was full-blown angry. "I thought we talked about this?You shouldn't even be here in the first place. If you weren't so passionate about saving that kid-whichI perfectly understand, by the way-we'd have been long gone from here. And now you want to practice more of it? What's your aim? To draw as much attention to yourself as possible?"



"Jace come on," I took my hands up and down in an exhausted gesture. "I love me. The last thing I want is putting myself in danger. But you know I'm not like the rest of you. I don't have a wolf to defend myself.I'm as weak as a human."



I took a deep breath, trying to put a rein on my emotions. "If Alpha Zarek hadn't come when he did,I promise you, I'd have been dead by now. In a horrific way. I'm not saying I'll go around showing everyone what I am. I'm only trying to practice, so if the need arises, I can defend myself."



"No!" He hit the table lightly, it didn't draw any attention to us. "This isn't just about you showing people what you are. It's about you becoming dangerous. Don't you think it's best if you don't even know how to use your powers for the wrong things?"



"How's it the wrong thing if I'm defending myself?" "Well, haven't you seen in movies when people go out of control sometimes? You could hurt someone for real, Lyric. I'm telling you to drop it."


I was about to say something but stopped when l noticed a colleague coming toward our table. The last thing I wanted was anyone hearing this conversation.


"Doctor Lyric, your attention is needed. Right now."



I was already on my feet before Evans finished talking."What happened? Is it an emergency?"


"Kind of. It's Alpha Jaris."
###Chapter 107 
LYRIC



Alpha Jaris.


My chest constricted when I heard the name.


I didn't exactly know what to feel. But I knew I was damn worried about the fact that he was here.



"What happened to him?" I asked the doctor as we hurried toward the elevator.



"He was stabbed. With a poisoned blade."



I furrowed my brows. Who on earth stabbed him?



We got into the elevator and waited for it to take us up.



"W-Wasn't there a doctor around to treat him?"|wasn't asking because | didn't particularly want to be with him. I just thought there were plenty of doctors around that could've attended to him instead of waiting for me. He was likely in pain.


"We tried to," Evans shrugged. "He insisted on having you there." My heart raced in surprise. What the hell?


I looked at the doctor but didn't even know what to say to him. He wasn't the oneI should be staring at like that. It was Jaris. Why would he specifically ask for me?



All heads turned to me the moment I opened the door. The doctor wasn't lying. There were enough of them in here to treat him-his beloved baby mama included.So,why did he ask for me?



I found him on the bed and my eyes quickly searched his body for the stab sound. It was easy to find on his chest. The shirt was soaked with blood.



"Doctor Lyric, hurry up!" Guinevere called.


I gulped hard as | ran to Jaris.


"Wh-What's wrong?" | didn't even know who I was asking.



"I need the room," Jaris said to the others. "I'm about to take off my shirt, and I can't do that with everyone staring at me." There was a smug grin on his face. For a moment, I wondered if he was really in pain.


Guinevere nodded at me before exiting the room with two doctors. Marta stayed back. "I told you there was no need for this, Jaris. I could've had your wound checked already." The hurt in her voice was unmistakable.



When he looked at her, his eyes seemed exhausted."I know you've seen me shirtless, but I think we only need one doctor in the room."



I watched her hands tighten into fists. She glared at me like I was the one who just asked her to leave. But finally, she angrily left.



I was left with two nurses.



"We need to take your shift off," I said without looking at him as I wore my gloves.


I couldn't help the iciness in my voice. I might be worried about him right now, but seeing him was still a reminder of what he put me through.



By the time I turned back to him to take off the shirt,I realized he already did.



I swallowed hard at the sight before me.


Not just the blood and deep stab wound. It was...everything



His chiseled abs were on full display, looking like a full course meal. It was the first time I was seeing him shirtless in daylight, and it was more than an appetizing sight. The man was handsome in every way. Too bad he was a rude jerk.



I took a wet swab and started cleaning the blood.I was curious to know who stabbed him. But I'd rather cut my tongue than ask Jaris that.


I maintained a serious face as I worked on the wound Right now, I was here as his doctor, not the mate he terribly hated.



"I don't think you're of any use here," he said dismissively to the nurses.


I stepped back and furrowed my brows at him.Who did he think he was to dismiss my nurses?



"I'm-" But before I could complete my statement,they were already going out the door.



Seriously?! How could everyone be so afraid of him?



"You're no doctor,Alpha Jaris. It is my right to dismiss them or not," I tried to sound as polite as I could but failed. It was hard to keep my cool around this man anymore.



"You honestly didn't seem to need them" He shrugged,so nonchalant I angrily grabbed a sterile saline to rinse the wound."Maybe it's because the wound isn't that serious to be here in the first place. There's a Pack doctor in Darkspire. You could've used her."



And I wasn't saying this because I was angry. It was the truth. Yes, the blade was poisoned and he bled pretty well, but it was something that could've been handled by the doctor. Why he'd drive all the way to TCH to meet 'me' was beyond me.


"You don't even know if I was stabbed close to TCH.You're not so professional,are you?"


My brows drew together. Was he... stabbed around here?



Well, I'd rather chew stones than ask.


I noticed him staring intently at me the whole time l worked. I tried to be as fast as I could so I could be away from him.


I still felt ashamed around him. The names he called me without remorse. What did I ever do to make him hate me so much? To make him lose so much trust in me?



"You haven't been taking my calls. No replies to my texts either." My hands shook a bit when he spoke. Majorly because I was working so close to his face and could see how he stared right into my face. It was so close it was a bit uncomfortable.



"This is a professional space, Alpha Jaris." I kept my voice as even as I could.



"We're the only ones here, Lyric. Answer me."
###Chapter 108
I sighed as | stepped away from him to get an ointment. "I didn't take your calls because I didn't want to talk to you."



It was a good thing I wasn't looking at his face when I said that. I didn't want to see his reaction.



I got what I wanted and returned to him. I was almost done. Just a few more applications...


The door opened and Evans strolled in, holding an extra saline in one hand and a clipboard in the other.His ever-present grin was plastered across his face.


"Greetings, Alpha Jaris," he said with a slight bow,then turned to me. "How's it going? I was told you might need this." He showed the saline he'd come in with.



"Actually, no. I'm almost done." I returned my gaze to Jaris' chest.



"I can see. Doctor Lyric working her magis as usual."


I laughed. "Evans, it's just standard procedure. No magic involved."



Evans was one of the nice ones. Over the month,you could say we've become friends. "By the way, when you're done here, could you check on Mrs. Lockwood for me? She's convinced her cough is a sign of impending doom. Besides, I think she could really use your magic right now."



Oh,not again.


"Evans, come on," I rolled my eyes. "I'm just like the rest of you."



Evans was one of the doctors that had watched me the day I did my first ever test and successfully treated a rare condition-which was Zarek's father. Since then,he's been insisting I was special.


Although he said i as a joke most of the time.



"Whatever. Will you help me check on her?"



"Sure thing. But only if you promise to stop calling me a magician."



He placed a hand over his heart, feigning sincerity. "I solemnly swear to only refer to you as the 'Sorceress of Sutures' from now on."



I couldn't help the laugh that bubbled from my chest.



"I didn't ask for a second doctor in here," Jaris suddenly said, killing our laughter.


 
I turned to find his mean look back on. The mean look everyone always wanted to avoid.



"Right. UJm-"



"You should get out this instant, Dr. Evans," he cut Evans off from talking. "Besides, I don't think your supervisor would be happy to know you were joking around with a colleague while she was working."



What the hell? I took my hands off his chest.


The look on Evans' face was glum. "You're right. I'll go now."



"What was that for?!" I asked soon as the door went closed behind Evans.



"I could ask you the same question." He angrily stood up. What? I wasn't even done dressing the wound.


"What do you think you're doing, Lyric? Flirting with a colleague right in front of me?"


Woah! "Flirting is a big word. Evans and I are just friends."



"Well, tell me. Did you come here to make friends or just work?"



I closed my eyes to take in a deep breath. "You should stop it, Alpha Jaris. You're starting to do that thing again.Accusing me when you know I'm innocent." I angrily walked to the tray to dispose of my gloves.


"You know," I turned back to him, my voice up a notch."If only you trusted me, it'd have been a lot better!"



I turned around again, and for sometime, I didn't hear anything. I was about to turn to face him again when I heard him speak.



"I'm sorry, Lyric."



I froze.



"Fuck, I was wrong, okay? I have these anger issues that make me act before I think most of the time, and I did so in your case. I didn't know you were attacked that night. You don't-You don't understand how hard it was to see you with Zarek. I hated that you were near him. I thought you liked him and let him touch you."



The more he talked, the more I got confused.



"I was too blinded by rage I didn't notice you were in pain.I shouldn't have said those hurtful things to you.I promise you, I didn't mean them."



My heart was racing too fast. But this time, it wasn't from fear. It was from how shocked I was that Jaris Dreadmoor just apologized to me. He was feeling regretful about what he did to me. It was the most I'd heard him say at a time. I could never have imagined Jaris explaining himself to me.I was beyond stunned.



I turned slowly around to face him and his face was just like his words. He really looked regretful.


Oh, gods. Jaris apologized to me?!



It took me a moment to gather my thoughts and think of something to say to him.


"Wh-Why would you ever think I liked Alpha Zarek?"I couldn't help my face from twisting as I asked.


I'd been completely shocked and unsettled when he made mention of it. Zarek was not even a friend.From all I know, he was a shady man who I never wanted to have anything to do with.



"I got the wrong information," he sighed, like he was exhausted.



Well, he just explained himself to me-something he rarely did. I wouldn't be surprised if he was stressed out.



His apology didn't change anything from that night,but I didn't know, my heart wasn't so strong around him anymore. It was as if the strong walls I'd built around it had suddenly been brought down. "Why would you ever think I'm a slut?" My voice wasn't scolding in any way. It was soft, coming from someone that only wanted to understand.



"I know you didn't know me before we got mated,but I've never slept around, Alpha Jaris. I'm not trying to brag, but no man can come out and boast of ever taking me to bed." I held his gaze as I said the words.I needed him to see how serious I was.



He scoffed. "Lyric Harper, you told me you're not a virgin."
###Chapter 109
LYRIC



Yeah. And that 'disvirginer ' was you, Mr. Arrogant.I wish I could tell him. I rolled my eyes instead.


His eyes seemed to dance with delight now, like he was having fun or something.



"You haven't told me if my apology has been accepted or not."


I bit my bottom lip as I dragged my gaze to the floor.Geez! So much for trying to be tough,Lyric.



"Do you need some privacy to keep chewing those Lips?"



My gaze snapped up to meet his, and a red hue crept up my cheeks in an instant.



What was wrong with me?


"|-" I cleared my throat. "I'm only going to accept your apology on one condition."


His smile was gone in an instant. Ooh. Jaris Dreadmoor clearly didn't like conditions. But he didn't try to stop me anyway. So, I went on. "I need you to promise me that you'll never call me a slut again,because I am not one."



He chuckled.



My heart stopped beating for a second.


I couldn't help how cute he was each time he did that.



"In my defense, I never called you a slut," he said.


Oh, seriously? "You didn't need to say the word.Your words defined it."



He chuckled again. But it was lighter this time.



"You have my word, Lyric. No matter what happens,I'll never call you names again."



That calmed me instantly, as much as it's spread warmth through my chest, down to my belly.


All of a sudden, I felt a deep, comforting kind of peace.





"Thank you," I muttered, my eyes returning to the floor.





Geez. Why was I thanking him for promising not to call me names? Well, I guessed Jaris would always be Jaris. He'd always have this dominant effect on people, even if he was wrong to them.



Someone knocked on the door, and when I granted entrance,Kael came in,holding a small bag.


"Hi, Lyric." He nodded at me while Jaris took the bag from him.



"Hi." I smiled at him before he left.



Funny how I disliked Kael in the beginning due to his grumpy attitude. The guy could actually be chill to the people he wanted to be chill with.


"So," Jaris said as he pulled out a brand new shirt from the bag. "I want to believe you're coming home today?"



I simply nodded, tucking some strands of hair behind my ear.



"Say it, Lyric." There was an echo of impatience in his voice.



Geez. What was his problem?



"Yes!" I rolled my eyes. "Yes, I'll be back."



His lips twistedin a smile.



"Good. I'll see you, then." He started toward the door. That was when it registered on me.



"I-I'm not done with the wound!"



Oh,how professional, Lyric. You were so busy blushing in front of him you forgot the reason he was there in the first place.



He scoffed. "Don't worry, doc.I'm perfectly fine now.Like you said, it wasn't that bad."



I could feel my cheeks getting hotter.



He reached the door and opened it.



"Wh-What happened to you?!" Finally, I could ask.


Standing at the threshold, he shrugged. "Just my crazy little sister."



Then,he was gone.



For minutes, I simply stood staring at the door, unable to understand how | felt.



Within minutes, Jaris had made me feel intense emotions, made me blush from it, and I didn't know what to do wíth myself anymore.







Since I'd made up my mind to go back to Darkspire,l needed to go to my father's Pack one more time to grab my things. One of them being my 'necklace.


I was in my room, gathering up the few things I'd bought and used over the last few days when the door opened. I thought it'd be father or my sister who had been here as well for the past three days. But when I turned to the door, it turned out to be Roderick.


I was startled, the last dress I was trying to put away hanging in my hand.


"What're you doing here?" I arched my brows at him,trying to stop my heart from raging.


He wore one of his dubious smiles as he leaned against the doorframe, crossing his legs.



"If I'd known you were here, I'd have come visiting."


I glared at him from head to toe. For goodness sake,how did I ever find this guy attractive?



No doubt, Roderick was physically hot. Anyone who didn't know him personally would definitely fall for him.



But that was the point. His personality was shit. He used people and treated everyone around him like slaves. I was his victim. Too bad Nora was as well.


"Well, it's a good thing you didn't know." I angrily turned around to resume my arrangement,hoping he'd leave me alone. But who was I kidding?



"How have you been, Lyric?" He sounded calm, and by the Moon,I wanted to punch his throat for it.


He had no right to act concerned. I knew better than anyone that it was all a facade.



"Why don't you just stay away from me,Roderick?Like you've been doing for the past weeks?" | sounded exhausted when I looked at him again. And I truly was.



"And please, please, I beg you, don't ever text me again. Make sure the last time you did was your very last."



"Are you sure?" He chuckled, and to my surprise and horror, stepped into the room and closed the door."There was a part of me that hoped you must've missed me,Lyric."


"What're you doing? I didn't ask you to come in." I did my best to keep the fear out of my voice.


Calm down, Lyric. He can't possibly do anything.There are guards everywhere.
###Chapter 110 
 
LYRIC



He must sense my fear because he smirked. "Calm down, will you? I just want to talk."


He leaned against the wall, crossing his arms like this was a normal conversation.



"Remember those times you were upset that I hadn't taken you to bed?"



I gulped hard at his question. Why was he bringing it up?



Instead of letting him rule the conversation with my fear,I forced myself to play strong.



"Yeah. You mean all those times you'd bring different women home and make me listen to their moans?Sure,I remember."



He chuckled. Like this was funny to him?!



"I just wanted to say I'm sorry, Lyric."



I scoffed. "Sorry for what? For not wanting to have sex with me because | was too ugly to be looked at?" "Well, you can't blame me, can you? Your face was nothing to write home about, Lyric. I'm sure you wouldn't have wanted to be with me if I were ugly."



I shook my head at his shallow mindedness. The asshole actually thought everything was about looks.


"Honestly, I wish I could turn back the hands of time,"he shifted from the wall. "I'd have made you feel the best kind of things in bed."



"Please, Roderick. Cut it. Don't flatter yourself,thinking you're actually that impressive in bed.I mean,definitely, you must've known those moans were faked."



His smile slipped. Seeing that I've hit a sensitive spot,I continued. "You should be good at this. You should know when moans are being faked or real. Unless,sadly, you've never heard real moans before."



"Come on,Lyric-"



"One day, you slapped one of your bitches when she didn't even moan at all. It wasn't until you threatened her that she got into the role and started bringing out her cries." It was my turn to smirk. "I heard it, Roderick.It was quite shameful."



Finally, I got Roderick Fletcher where it really hurt.Because right now, there was no trace of a smile on his face.



"Get out of my room, Roderick. Or better still," I grabbed my bag. "I'm done here. So you can have the room."



But when I reached the door and tired to open it, he roughly grabbed my arm. It was so rough it made me wince.



"You think they fake their moans, huh?" He taunted."Well, bear this in mind, sweet Lyric, sooner than you think, I'm going to fuck that cunt of yours. Then,you'll tell me if those moans are being faked or not."


All I felt was repulsion and the need to break his nose.But I knew that'd be impossible with someone like Roderick.



"Let me go, asshole!" I jerked my hand free. "Don't ever touch me again. Ever!" I spat at him before rushing out of the room.







I felt better by the time I drove back to Darkspire. To hell with Roderick and his stupid words.



I couldn't help the feeling of calm that hit me as |stepped out of my car. I miss being here. I wouldn't even deny it. The guards and servants dipped their heads at me as l made my way in. The first room I went to wasn't even mine,no. It was the one room I'd missed the most in the entire Pack.



"Aunty Lyric!" The adorable twins jumped on me the second I opened the door.


"Hey pumpkins!!! Which of you missed me?!" I pulled them into my arms.



"Me!"



"No,it was me!"



"I missed you more,aunty Lyric!"


While | was away, they kept calling and asking when I'd be back. I missed them so much and felt bad that l was away from them. But I was too angry at Jaris to come back.



"How have you been? Ooh, you're trying on new dresses!" I stepped back to admire what they had on.Goodness,they looked magnificent!



Their designer was by the side of the room,smiling at uS.



"It's our birthday outfit. What do you think,aunty Lyric?"Xyla beamed. "Hmm. What do I think?" I placed my index finger under my chin like I was really thinking. "I'd say you're the cutest kids I've ever seen. Trust me, if any other kids were to try on these clothes, they wouldn't look as good as you two right now."



They giggled. Oh, such cute sounds.



I spent some more time with them, discussing how the preparations for their birthday was going. It was just five days from now.



On my way to my room, I found Kael coming. He was wearing a suit-which was a very rare sight. So, 1remembered he was supposed to have dinner with Jace.



"Ho, Kael. How did your dinner go?" I asked with a warm smile.



He didn't look surprised that I knew. Of course, Jace and I were best friends. He should know he'd tell me everything.



But | didn't miss the sadness in his eyes. "It was okay."



No,it wasn't. Everything about his tone said that.



But I knew he wouldn't want to talk about it with me.I'd just ask Jace on my own. I proceeded to my room-gods, I missed it-showered and changed.



I stood in front of the mirror, wearing my pyjamas as I stared down at the pack in my hands. For several minutes,I'd been this way-conflicted.


While I was away in Father's pack, I missed so many things about Darkspire. The people, the kids, and no doubt,Jaris.



I missed the dreams I had of him.



But right now, staring at the pills in my hands, despite the temptation, they felt so wrong to consider.



I couldn't do this. I couldn't continue letting a stupid dream detect my nights.


Jaris made me feel like a slut. And what if I was by always having sex dreams of him? What did that make me,huh?



Sniffling, I put the pills back into my drawer and simply laid in bed.



A knock broke the quiet.



I got the door and my heart that did skip thingy when I found Jaris in front of me.
###Chapter 111
LYRIC



I wished this guy didn't have this effect on me. Why do I seem to lose my composure when he was near me?I'd feel hot and cold all of a sudden and start imagining him in my dreams.



It was a sad way to live, truly. Especially when I knew he could never be mine.



"Hi," I lowered my eyes to the floor, my hand holding the door open.



Well,staring at Jaris in the eyes was an extreme sport



"You're back."



I simply nodded. It wasn't even a question.



"I hope your room was the exact way you left it?" He sounded so calm, so different from the arrogant Jaris I experience most of the time. He reminded me of the Jaris I'd experienced in the vacation home.



"Y-Yeah. Thanks."



There was a short silence. "What do you say about having dinner with me tomorrow?" My eyes widened like saucers as I dragged them up to meet his.



Wait,what?!



My lips parted in shock, my tongue unable to form any words. Was Jaris Dreadmoor asking me to dinner?That was impossible.



"What do you say, Lyric?" I didn't miss the spark of amusement in his eyes. He must enjoy watching me struggle.



"I-I-" My eyes darted around, unable to meet his face again.



What was wrong with me? Stay calm, Lyric!



He chuckled.



My breath froze as I looked at his face again. He fucking chuckled!



"Are you mocking me, Mr. Dreadmoor?" | crossed my arms, forcing a frown.



This time,he laughed.



By the moon, I could swear my heart stopped beating.Jaris' laugh was always the cutest. It was always deep and dark and so rich enough to savor. I didn't miss the way his Adam's apple always bobbed when he did. It was so adorable.



"Mr. Dreadmoor?" He repeated. Though, he'd stopped laughing, but the mirth remained in his eyes. "Did you seriously call me that?"


I rolled my eyes, but a smile slipped through in the end. "You were mocking me!"



"Well,tell me,doctor Lyric. What did you expect when you were stuttering over a mere invitation to dinner?"



I twisted my lips, wishing I could stop the color making its way to my cheeks. What was I saying? They'd already been there from the second I opened the door to Jaris.



"Well.. I'd love to, but I'm supposed to be at the hospital from four to nine p.m tomorrow. I think that's past dinner time."



He scoffed, like I'd just said something meaningless.



"Worry about taking an extra dinner dress to work tomorrow. Your work time isn't an issue," he spoke with so much nonchalance.



I scoffed. "You really have TCH wrapped around your little finger,huh?"


 
"You'd be surprised what people are willing to do for someone like me."



Geez.Such pride.



'Like it doesn't send a swarm of butterflies dancing in your belly.



"See you tomorrow at seven. Exactly seven. I'll be there to pick you up." He started walking away, then paused to glance back at me. "I hate waiting, Lyric."



＊＊＊＊十



I slept with a smile on my face. Don't blame me, l couldn't really help it.



Since I had free hours before my shift at TCH, I researched on something I'd been desperate to do.l knew Jace would be furious at me if he learned I was still doing this. But I couldn't help it.


Before I told him about it at lunch yesterday, I'd already gotten the books from Botanical Bliss.



I trusted myself. Once I've learned to use my powers,I was only going to use it for my protection. And that'd be once in a while. Or it might never even happen if danger doesn't come my way.



When it was time for TCH, I got ready and left. Work at TCH was going smoothly. Marta was here,but fortunately, I didn't get to see her.


On my schedule, I had to inject four of my patients with Calmizol. It was a powerful wolf drug that was meant to bring them instant relief.



I watched as they peacefully went to sleep.


Before I knew it, it was quarter to seven.


I quickly changed into the dinner dress I'd brought along with me. I still couldn't believe I was having dinner with Jaris.



I went to the staff Quarters where there was a mirror and applied light makeup on. I smiled at my reflection in the mirror. Well, I might look simple, butI definitely looked beautiful.



His text beeped into my phone.



JARIS:Where are you?



That butterfly thingy happened again. Geez


I fixed my bag and hurried out of the room. But of course, I had to meet one she-devil.


One of the rude doctors-Kayla-was at the door and gawked at me "Why are you this dressed up?"


But I didn't even stop to talk to her. This night was going just fine for me. Far be it from me to let anyone ruin it.



It was easy to spot Jaris' Zenith Glide among the numerous cars in front of TCH. I thought he'd be in the backseat as usual with Kael and Nerion in front.But to my surprise, he was the one driving.


I tried to suppress my smile as I settled in the front seat.I guess this was just about us.


"Hi," I said as I fixed my seatbelt.



"Hi, Lyric. You look good."


Oh, to hell with suppressing my smiles. "Thank you."

###Chapter 112
LYRIC



Dinner was beyond fine with Jaris. It wasn't the first time a guy had asked me to dinner, but it was the first time I was ever having dinner with someone. Well,other than Jace.



Jaris and I discussed light topics while we ate. I was surprised he actually knew how to hold a conversation.







JARIS



"Tell me more about yourself, Lyric," I suddenly said as I used my knife and fork on my steak. "Like, what were you doing before you returned to Nyxvale?"


If someone had told me months ago that Lyric and I would be having dinner in a fancy restaurant someday,I never would've believed it.



But here I was, hopelessly enjoying her laughter and every single thing she said.



I didn't even know what I was thinking when I asked her to this dinner last night. But well here we were.And if I had to, I wouldn't mind asking her all over again.



I guess I had Nerion to thank for this. All I had to do to get her home was swallow my pride and apologize. It wasn't so difficult.



"Uh..." her smile faltered. Didn't she want to discuss her past?



"| actually worked as a doctor in Mystopia."



Mystopia. That was where my brother was imprisoned.


"I see." I put some steak into my mouth.


"It was a good experience. I didn't have a lot of things to worry about."



"You sound like you have a lot of things to worry about now," I huffed, drawing a small laugh from her.


I found it cute that it was easy to make her laugh. And man,she had one of the cutest smiles.



"Actually, I do. If you think of it." She rolled her eyes.



Hm.I'd definitely have to do something about this eye -rolling. She was too used to it.



"So,you were a doctor there until your father called you home?"



Her next response came after a slight hesitation. "N- Not really. I had problems at work and had to leave."


My brows furrowed, my interest piqued. "What kind of problems?"



She took a deep breath. "It's a long story."


I gave her a long stare. I wish I could get it out of her though. It was crazy how I was getting fascinated by her.



"That woman you chased after in traffic the other day,can you honestly tel me who she was?"



Unease glimmered subtly in her eyes. For a moment,I thought she'd actually get up and run.



"I-" she struggled for words, unconsciously playing with her cutlery. "She's just someone I used to know.She um...she took something that belonged to me.Something important."


Now I was even more curious.



"And...this thing isn't replaceable? It's so important you had to run after her in traffic and nearly lost your mind?"



"Yes!" Her voice rose a notch.



Realizing her mistake, she sighed to calm herself. "You don't understand. It's a long story."



And just like that, I knew she was closing the topic.



Nerion had done all he could to get information on her, but it's been impossible. It was as if Lyric Harper never existed until few months ago. How was she shadowed in her family?



"Why do you always have that necklace on?" | tipped my head toward the one on her neck. "Remember that night I took it from you? I checked the pendant.It was filled with ash."



It was impossible to miss the new anxiety on her face


"But from what I know about you, Lyric,you haven't lost anyone important. So, who does it belong to?"


Her reply didn't come swiftly. She chewed her lips for some time before getting something out.


"It isn't real ash. I just-l just came across it and liked it."



And you were so obsessed with it you had to wait outside my lodge for hours to get it back.



But I didn't say that to her. The lady was filled with too many secrets. It made me wonder if she could actually be trusted.



We continued eating with a calmer topic. Gradually,she got to ease up and her genuine smiles were back.


"Thank you for the treat," she said with a smile as we walked back to the car.



"It's nothing. You can just pay me back."


"What?" She chuckled. "You didn't tell me I'd be owing you a favour, Alpha Jaris."



"Nothing goes for nothing."I shrugged.


Walking side by side, I stared down at her hands. I'd missed holding them. The only times I got to was during the 'dreams.' But she didn't take the pills last night. I didn't know why.


Right now, I couldn't help but wonder if she'd react to me taking her hand in mine. Would it be too strange?Would she become dramatic?



"Lyric," My voice came out softer.



We were by the car now, and as she stood face-to-face with me, I had a hard time concentrating.


She was too damn beautiful. I'dacknowledged that from the first day I saw her. But the stubborn me had always been bent on pushing her away.



"There's something you need to know." I tucked my hands into my pockets and watched her brows rise in curiosity.



"Okay?"


"There's a reason I suddenly grew cold at the mating ceremony. And why I always thought you slept around.
I was misled into believing you were that kind of a person."


The furrow in her brow deepened. "Misled? By who?"



I went ahead to tell her. All about Zarek. The video,his confession.



By the time I finished, she was so shocked her face could be used as an illustration for the word.



"What the hell?!" She panicked. "This happened and I had no idea?! How could he? How could he do this to me,that son of a bitch?!"



If the situation wasn't too serious, I probably would've Laughed. Seeing Lyric this angry and swearing was a funny sight.


"I judged you because I thought you consciously slept with him.l-"



"No! I'd never!" She recoiled. "I'm not some cheap whore. I don't just go around-"


"Lyric," I took her hand. Fuck, I was finally touching her.



But it was under the disguise of trying to get her to calm down. She was clearly panicking



"I believe you. Right now, I just want to know how you were lured to the garden. Who lured you?"


Her brows knitted together as she seemed to think about it.



"It was-"



Her phone vibrated in her bag.



She released her hand from mine to get it and appeared confused when she checked the screen.



"Guinevere?" She called as she placed the phone over her ear.


The call wasn't on speaker, but I was close enough to hear Guinevere's panicked voice.



"Where are you, Lyric? Come here this instant! They're dead. All the patients are dead!" 
###Chapter 113 

LYRIC



My hands were shaking as I ran into TCH.


If Jaris wasn't with me and I had to be the one to drive here, there was no doubt I'd have gotten into an accident somehow.



I was so damn nervous,Guinevere's words tormenting me.



'They're dead! All the patients are dead.'


What did she mean by that?



While I was all shaky and panicking, Jaris was the opposite. He remained calm and collected, clearly trying to tell me to do the same. But I could see the concern in his face. He was worried for me.



As we waited in the elevator, he took my hand,squeezing it tight.



"It's going to be fine. Calm down." His voice was honeyed



Goodness, I had no idea how badly I needed to hear those words until now. But was that even true? The elevator doors opened and we rushed out to the floor where Guinevere and a team of other doctors stood. There were nurses and a lot of people everywhere, most of them crying. And to my horror,two covered bodies were being rolled out of a ward.



My heart sank into the lowest pit possible.



No.



"What did you do,Lyric?" Guinevere's voice was cold as she came toward me. "Tell me. How did this happen? How did you inject them with Thilax?"



What?



"You murderer!" One of the women crying suddenly pointed at me. "You killed my husband.You killed my husband!"



"You'll pay for this!" Another shouted, a younger girl this time. "Did someone ask you to do this? Was it Jerry? Are you working with him?"



"My sister was getting better!" Someone else from a different corner sobbed. "We were supposed to be discharged tomorrow. How could you do this to her?How could you kill her?"



There were so many voices being raised at me. So many accusing fingers. I couldn't breathe. It was too much to handle. I couldn't breathe.



One of the women rushed at me. Another man followed her, their faces looking so threatening. Yet,I didn't even have the strength to move. I simply stood there,jaws dropped as they came at me.



"Touch her and lose those hands." Jaris stepped in front of me, stopping them from reaching me.



He sounded so threatening, using his Alpha authority.They stopped instantly, but their hateful glares didn't stop.



One of the doctors came close. "Lyric. This way." She gestured at the path leading to the elevator.



My legs moved on their own. Right now,they could be leading me into a pit of fire and I wouldn't even know or be able to help myself.I felt so numb.



I didn't even realize Jaris' hand was on the small of my back. I couldn't feel a thing


We got into the elevator, went up to the next floor and into her office. It didn't take long before Guinevere and three other doctors joined us.



"What in Moon's name happened, Lyric?" The woman before me asked. She was a superior in a different  department. But all the same, she held a lot of power."I was told that those were your patients. They reacted to Thilax which should not have been ingested in the first place! What happened?!"



My heart was racing too fast. There were so many judgy eyes on me. Even Guinevere that always admired me now looked at me with anger. They were all so disappointed.



I looked at Jaris beside me. Gods, I wouldn't know what to do if he wasn't here right now. These people would've likely swallowed me whole.



"I didn't give them..." I managed to say.


"What're you talking about? They're your patients,Lyric. We found Thilax in their system."


"No." I shook my head. "It-It can't be.l-I only injected them with Calmizol. That was all I did. I didn't administer Thilax to them."



I heard their huffs as they looked at each other.



"Are you trying to lie to get yourself out of this situation, young lady?" The superior said in a strict tone.



"No! Why would I lie about this?"



"Because we never Calmizol in their system. All we found was Thilax which was wrongfully administered.It's the reason they're dead."


What? My brows furrowed in confusion as tears leaked from my eyes. Something was wrong.


"I didn't do it," I muttered, shaking my head as I stared down at the floor.



"Is it possible you picked the wrong bottle?"


"No!" This time I shouted. I was losing my mind."know what I took. It was Calmizol. I've used them long enough to know their differences. Plus the label was clear enough. I couldn't have made such a mistake."


But it didn't look like they believed me. They gave me those judgy looks like I'd just committed mass murder.


And maybe I had.Four people were dead. I knew their names. Aaron, Jasper, Carys, Elena.


How could they be dead? Just a few hours ago, they were all fine. They shouldn't be dead.



And not just that; everyone believed it was my fault.


"| didn't do it." | sobbed. "I don't know how it happened. But I didn't."


I felt a hand on my back. Jaris. "Well, maybe you should explain that to the families mourning out there!" One of the doctors pointed at the door. "This is a grave mistake, Lyric. You should've been more careful."



Gods, they were not listening! They didn't believe me.



"That's enough," Jaris' voice was cold. "She said she didn't do it."



"Uh... pardon us, Alpha Jaris. But we're clueless here.A lot of people are dead, and it is obvious she made a mistake."



"No..." I whimpered, shaking my head.



Everything came crashing down on me-the pain of those people actually dying, the fact that I was being blamed, the fear that no one believed me.



"This is too heavy to be swept under the rug,"Guinevere sighed."The board will need an explanation.She'll have to answer for it."



Oh,gods. Oh, gods. Oh,gods. I chanted repeatedly in my head. This was happening. It was my downfall.


They were right. I'll need to get punished for this.And judging by the number of deaths, it won't be easy.I might lose my license and get kicked out for good. I'll never be able to work as a doctor again. Gods,no. Please, no.Please,no.



My whole life had been centered on this. This was what I've always wanted to be. How could I lose it?



The door opened and went shut. It was me. I was running.



I heard my name from the office I'd just left, but l didn't stop running. I couldn't.

###Chapter 114
LYRIC



I didn't stop running until I was outside by the parking lot. I was about running to my car when I remembered I'd arranged for someone to drive it home since l thought I'd be going home with Jaris from our dinner.



I had to go to the road, then. I could board a cab or something.



I was a crying mess. Even my vision was blurred with tears. I hoped I wouldn't bump into someone.


Just as I turned around, I did bump into someone.



"Lyric." Jaris held me.



Everything came on me at once. Shame. Guilt. HHe must think I was incompetent. Even if he'd been supportive of me in there, a part of him must be angry at me. A part of him must doubt me at least.


"Let me go," | whimpered, struggling against his hold.I didn't want to be with anyone right now.



His grip on me was relentless. "Hey, calm down."



"Please. Please." I kept crying. I'd never felt so broken in my life. People were dead,and everyone thought I was responsible.


"I didn't do it," I finally stopped struggling and just whimpered. "I don't-I don't know how it happened but I didn't do it. I'll never be that careless."



"I know," he uttered to my surprise, then pulled me into his arms.



Everything was overwhelming. If this was under a normal circumstance, I'd have expressed my shock over Jaris' actions. He supported me in there when everyone was against me, he believed me when everyone thought I was lying. And now, he was hugging me. Jaris Dreadmoor was hugging me.Someone that had said awful things to me just four days ago, and in return, I'd wanted to stay away from him.Now, I was finding comfort in his embrace.



"I didn't do it. I didn't kill them,"' I continued sobbing,my whimpers muffled against his shoulder.







If someone had told me Jaris had this side to his personality, I'd never have believed. He treated me way better than an egg that night. Kept asking if I was okay and needed anything throughout the ride.



When we got to Darkspire, he put his arm around me as he led me to my room.


"Are you sure you don't need anything?" He asked one more time as he stood on my doorway.



If it wasn't for how comforting he had been, I was sure I'd have been crying the whole ride home.


"I'll be fine. Thanks." I sniffled.



Although,I wished I had a friend to keep mecompany.

If only Jace was still here.



"Okay." Jaris took a step back.



Maybe it was just me, or did Jaris look hesitant to leave?



Unfortunately, he'd have to. We didn't have that kind of relationship yet. I didn't mean enough to him to get him to stay.



"Goodnight, Lyric." He said and was gone.







I woke up to an email from the HR department,telling me not to report to work for now until I received further instructions.



Well, I expected this. I knew there was no way l'd simply walk back into TCH like four people didn't die last night because of me. Or so everyone thought.



Still, it hurt to see the email. It hurt so badI cried.



I was going to lose my job. After everything, I was going to be kicked out of the hospital. I felt cursed.


A knock on my door snapped me out of my anguish.I sniffled and wiped my face completely before going to get it.


My heart skipped a beat when I came face to face with Alpha Jaris.



"G-Good morning." I darted my eyes to the floor.



He was wearing a suit pant with a white crispy top, the top two buttons undone. No doubt, he was going to work. But he looked way too hot for that.



I wondered what kind of a boss he was at the office.I imagined all his female staff crushing on him.



"Lyric." He seemed to take in my form, slowly. "How was your night?"



"Okay."I nodded.



I'd developed a terrible headache from crying too much. So, when I showered and changed, it was actually easy falling sleep. Although, my dreams were filled with nightmarish images of the people dying. "Going to TCH today?" He asked.


My heart clenched from the question. "No. They uh...sent me an email this morning, telling me to wait for further instructions."



It felt sostrange sharing my problems with Jaris. But l wouldn't deny that it actually felt good.



"Don't worry," he sighed. "It'll all be fine."


He stepped back, and I realized he was about leaving.


"Alpha Jaris." I hesitated. "Please don't... Don't try to use your influence or anything to get involved. It's possible I made a mistake. Maybe, I did confuse the tags. Those people might have really died because of me. So, if the hospital thinks I should be penalized..."I exhaled deeply. "...Then, maybe I deserve to be."



His brows furrowed, like he was surprised I could utter those words. He probably thought I'd be one of those people who would happily use connections to get out of shitty situations.



Well, not this. Not when lives were involved.



"I'll keep that in mind." He gave a clipped nod before walking away. I told Jace what happened. He was so worried and bent on seeing me. He went as far as saying he was ready to defy Jaris' order and come to Darkspire.



But since we didn't want that to happen, I had to find my way to him.


It had been long since I visited his Pack.Plus,I needed to clear my head and all. So, I decided to go to his place.



I was busy on my phone while climbing down the staircase and didn't notice someone standing at the end of the staircase.



Fortunately, I looked just in time before I'd bump into them.



"Goodness! So sorry, I didn't see you."I put a hand on my chest, taking a deep breath.


Then, I took a proper look at her, realizing she didn't look familiar.



She looked quite young but fierce, a hair that went all the way to her waist, and cold familiar silver eyes



"Lyric Harper." She folded her arms."Or do you prefer Dreadmoor?"



My brows furrowed. Who was she? "You're so pretty," she shook her head. "When they told me, I had no idea it'd be this serious. Which makes me even more curious; what the hell are you doing with my brother?"
###Chapter 115
LYRIC



Realization dawned on me at once. My jaw dropped open.


Oh! Now it made sense. She was Jaris' sister! The mad one! Or the one that used to be mad. Or maybe she still was. I didn't even know.


It was easy getting to hear about her from the twins 'nannies. They all had a lot to say as apparently,they'd been around when she went crazy and killed four people five years ago.


"HI, Maddy." I tried to wear a smile.



"I didn't ask you to play nice." She rolled her eyes like this was some game she was tired of playing. Hell, I was in one of my worst moods and didn't even want to talk to anyone.


"Why are you with my brother? That was what l asked."


Okay. So, she was really serious about this?



I took a deep breath, pushing some strands of hair behind my ear. "As much as I'd love to have a conversation with you -" Lies. "-I really have to go now."



I continued my descent down the stairs, going past her. But she wasn't letting me go easily.


"You don't know who he is," she said with disappointment in her voice. "If you had even the slightest idea, you'd run as far away from him as you can."



I stopped walking, chuckling as I turned around to meet her. "Don't worry, I've had a fair share of your brother's bad side."



"You think I'm talking about his character alone?" She huffed. "Jaris has always been a heartless, arrogant bastard. But that's good compared to what he really is."



I gasped at the foul word she used on him. How could she hate her brother so much? And how could she be so disrespectful?



"I think you should watch what you say about him," I couldn't help sounding harsh.



But she didn't seem a bit affected by my warning.


"He'll kill you. One day. You won't see it coming. He'll simply end you. That's what he does." Her words brought a crease to my brows. But before | could say anything, she was gone, running up the stairs in anger.


****+****



"Hey, baby. Come on in." Jace cooed as he led me into his room.



His room could be mistaken for a small living room. It had two sets of chairs, a large TV screen, game station,so many art designs, then his King-sized bed behind all of this.



It was the size of three average bedrooms.



Jace's father didn't own a pack as he was only the Chairman,but they were extremely rich and respected.So,their house was quite big.



"I thought I'd see some tissues or something. You know, wiping your eyes continuously," he teased as I took a seat on the L-shaped couch.



I couldn't help the laugh. "Jace, please."


"So, what can I get my guest? What would you like to eat?"



I shook my head. "I don't really have an appetite."



"Oh, come on, Lyric. Stop doing that humble thing guests do when they pretend they don't really want to eat so they don't look hungry."


I threw my head back and laughed so hard. Goodness,this was the reason I wanted to be with Jace last night.He sure knew how to lighten up my mood.


"Stop being silly, Bee. I could eat your balls if I wanted.I'm just telling you, I'm not hungry."



His mouth hung open. I broke into another laugh as l watched his eyes widen in comical shock.


He probably didn't know which offense to reply to-the fact that I used the nickname he hated, or the fact that I threatened to eat his balls.


"First of all, Lyric Harper, you've become a rotten egg!Saying I'm disappointed in you would be an understatement. But what I won't take is you referring to my golden balls! How dare you?!"



He picked a pillow from the couch and tossed it at me.I laughed so hard tears spilled from my eyes.



***



Moments later, Jace and I climbed down from our laughing battle. I was laying on the couch with my head on the armrest and my legs resting on his who sat lazily at the end of the couch. He was playing with my toes, giving them a playful massage.



"You know, your Alpha would kill me if he sees us like that." He winked at me.



I rolled my eyes and chuckled. "Please, leave Jaris out of this."



"Hm. Someone's being defensive. Well,does he know I've seen you naked?"



"Jace!" | sat up to slap his arm. "You're such a jerk!That was when we were kids! And I saw you naked too!With that tiny thing of yours." I pointed between his legs.


"Shut it, silly girl! You don't expect someone my age to have matured genitals, do you? That'd have made me look ridiculous."



"Whatever." I rolled my eyes and laid my head back on him.



Seconds passed before we broke into another laughter. It was insane how free Jace and I were with each other. If I hadn't met Jace, I wouldn't have believed it was possible for someone to have a simple platonic friendship with a man.



"So, how did your dinner go with Kael?" That seemed to change the mood.


He stopped playing with my toes as he brushed his fingers through his hair."Cool."


"Hm. Funny how he had the same reaction when l asked him."



"Why would you ask him? What are you,my mum?"



I rolled my eyes at him. "Why don't you just tell me?What really happened? And...why did he even invite you to dinner?"


He hesitated for a moment. "Well, he uh... actually just wanted us to talk. Said he felt like having dinner with a friend."



"A friend," I repeated with a nod. A few months ago,who would've thought that these two would ever refer to themselves as friends?



"The dinner was going quite well, until he uh..."


Now this was interesting. I had to sit up to give him a full look."He what?"



He shrugged. Whatever he hays to say must be quite heavy for him.


For a moment, I thought he was actually going to say it. But then he sighed and shook his head. "You know what? Forget it."



"Jace, come on! You can do this to me! What did he do?!"



"Well, the asshole kissed me!" He let out an exasperated huff. 2



My eyes widened as my mouth dropped open and refused to go shut.


For several seconds, I was too stunned to even say anything. But finally, I found my voice.



"What the hell?!" | sqealed. The next second, I was laughing so hard I felt tears around my eyes.


"This isn't funny, Lyric!" He glared daggers at me.



"My goodness,Jace! Did Kael really do that to you?!"


"Yes. And I punched him right after."



My laughter seized, my eyes growing thrice their size."Y-You what?!" I was trying so hard to hold it-the renewed laugh that was forming in my lungs.



"For fuck sake, will you stop laughing?" He threw a pillow at him.


That was it. I couldn't hold it anymore. I exploded  into more laughter. "Jace! The gentleman kissed you and you answered with a punch? What the hell?" I wasn't even sure he could hear me due to how I pronounced every word with laughter.



After a few minutes, I was calm enough to talk reasonably.



"So, do you really hate it? Or is there a different reason you hate what Kael does?" This time,my head was on his thighs.


When he didn't say anything, I kept going. "Just know you've only dealt with women your whole life, but remember you never last with them. What if...what if this is it? What if the reason you don't last with women is because you're only forcing yourself to be with them? Why don't you consider giving someone like Kael a chance?"



"Don't be ridiculous, Lyric." He pushed my head off his legs. Ouch! "I feel nothing for that jerk. That is why l hate it when he touches me."



"Or... you hate it because it makes you feel good when you don't want it to feel good." I said in a sing-song tone. His gaze hardened,but l ignored the threat."Kael is a fine man, Jace. It wouldn't be-"



"Please, stop talking." He got off the couch. "If you actually like him, go be with him!" "Jace!" I called in shock while trying to hold back my laugh. He ignored me as he walked toward the door.


"Wh-Where are you going? You can't leave me here!"


"I'm only going to bring a drink from the bar, idiot."And then he was gone, giving me enough space and time to laugh out my lungs.







The rest of my time with Jace was quite peaceful since I didn't bring Kael's name up again. We had so much, for a moment, I forgot alI about my worries.


As night drew near, I decided to leave. Jace saw me off to my car while teasing me as always.


"Don't worry about TCH. I'm sure everything will play out fine," he said something serious when we got to my car.


My countenance dropped as I shook my head."In this case, I don't think so."


"Ugh... Do you want to go in with me again? Looks like your mood just got bad."


I laughed as I hit him on the chest.


"Bye, Jace." I gave him a small hug. "Thanks for having me." We separated from the hug and I was about entering into my car when something gripped my attention from the entrance of the house.



It was far from where Jace and I stood, but | could see his parents walking out of the house with a group of people. It was obviously the visitorsJace mentioned his parents were having.



But there was something about them that gripped my attention. One of them in their midst looked familiar.


"Who are they, by the way?" I asked absentmindedly as I continued staring at them.


They were making their way to their car now.



"Oh. That's elder Mathias and his wife."



His wife. The woman, wearing a white pristine suit. She stopped to shake hands with Jace's mum and that was when it became clear to me.



"Penelope?" My voice quavered as I pronounced the name.
###Chapter 116 

LYRIC



My breath froze in my lungs as I stared wide-eyed at the scene.



No, I wasn't mistaken. It was very clear to me now.That was Penelope.



"Uh... Do you know her?" Jace asked in surprise,his eyes darting between me and the woman.



But I could hardly even hear him. Before I knew it, I was moving toward the group.



"Hey, Lyric!" Jace caught up with me, holding my wrist."Calm down now will you? What's going on? Did she offend you or something?"



"No! l-" | closed my eyes and took a deep breath.I was trying so hard to think straight. It was hard to do that when I was reminded of the kids | lost.



"I just need to talk to her. Right now."



I fred my hand from his and continued toward the group.



I've been looking for her for five years. One might say it's been a long time and thne kids were already dead,but I didn't care. I needed to know where my babies were buried. I deserved that as their mother.



Penelope had been a nice woman. She took me off the streets, gave me a place to sleep and fed me Although, I didn't understand why she suddenly went missing after I put to bed. But she had been a nice person.



"Penelope," I called when I reached the group. She was laughing about something Jace's mother had just said, and the moment they saw me, their conversation died down.



"Lyric, darling. Is there a problem?" Jace's mother asked sweetly.


But I didn't even look at her as I kept my gaze pinned on Penelope.



She looked better than she was five years ago.Prettier,hotter. She was holding hands with a man l assumed must bethe Elder. He looked way older than her.



She must have gotten married to him of recent,because when I met her, she told me she wasn't married.



"I need to speak to you." It was all I could to keep my voice even. She didn't seem shocked. Then it dawned on me. She clearly didn't know who I was. She only knew me as the ugly girl.


"Uh...who are you? And why would you want to see me?" She asked politely.


"She's my friend." Jace settled beside me. "Don't worry, she doesn't have any evil intentions. I'm sure she's just...curious about something."



I swallowed hard. I wouldn't know what to do if she refused to speak to me. The last thing I wanted was to break down in front of all these people.



"Okay." She nodded.



She followed me to the garden which was very secluded.



"So, what is this about?" She raised her brows.



At that moment, I was out of words.


For five years, I'd tried and failed to get over the death of the kids. Seeing Penelope now didn't make it any better. Instead, I had to feel the pain all over-my panic when I didn't hear my babies cry after I put to bed. I remember asking the doctor what was wrong.I was in so much pain I couldn't stay awake, and when l woke up, they told me I had a stillbirth and Penelope had taken them to bury.



I remember going to her house but she never came.At a point, I was even worried that something bad might have happened to her.



"Where did you bury them?" The question came out without proper thinking.



She furrowed her brows, clearly confused.



"Are you crying?" She asked with surprise.



I sniffled and touched my cheek. Damn my inability to hold back tears.



"It's me, Lyric." Another sniffle. "The scarred pregnant girl.Do you remember?"



Now it registered. She must know who I was by now because the shock that crept into her face was unmistakable.



"Ly-Ly-Lyric?" She stuttered my name.


I sniffled again as I nodded. "You remember me."



She gave me a head to toe stare, her mouth wide agape.



"What the hell," she muttered. "You look..." she shook her head. "How am I sure this is you?" "24th Maple Street?" I raised my brows, stating her address.



I still remembered it. It was the third place I'd gone to when I returned to the country. I was disappointed to find a new tenant there.



"By the hunts!" She covered her mouth with her palm."It's really you! How's this possible?"



"Long story. I've been looking for you, for a very long time. What happened? I never saw you again after the hospital."


"Well, I-" she cleared her throat, her eyes blinking rapidly. "I-I got into some sort of trouble. It came urgently and I didn't want to drag you into the mess with me."



I didn't doubt her. When I lived with Penelope, she always seemed like she was into some sort of shady lifestyle. She kept telling me she had enemies and all.But she was good to me.



So,she ran from the hospital because she wanted to protect me?



"Where did you bury the babies?" It was sodifficult asking this very question, and I hated that I had to repeat it. I didn't even get to hold them in my arms. I didn't get to hear them cry. If only... If only they'd just let me hear the sound of their voice before they passed on.If only they'd given me the satisfaction.



"Lyric, I'm so sorry," Penelope said in a very soft voice.I realized it was because I'd started crying so much."I'm sorry for what happened. After everything,didn't expect them to die."



"Where did you bury them?!" I asked in a more pained tone, my sobs rising a notch.



It hurt. So so bad.



"I kept them somewhere safe." She breathed."actually thought the pain would be less if you didn't see them when you woke up."



"Well,you were wrong.Because for five years, I've been looking for you. I've been... looking for them."


"Gods, I'm so sorry," her voice broke, like she really was. "If I had even the slightest idea, I promise I'd have come to you myself, Lyric." She nodded. "I'll take you to them tomorrow. Is that okay?"



"Wh-Why can't it be today?"



She frowned. "Lyric, it's getting dark already. And I can't just abandon my husband. We have something important to do right now."


Dipping her hand into her purse, she retrieved a pen and small piece of paper. "Here. Call me whenever you're ready. I promise I'll take you to them. They've been in a safe place, Lyric."


She handed the paper to me with her number on it.


I sniffled as I wiped my face. She was right. It was getting dark already. I shouldn't expect her to take me to a cemetery by this time.



"It was nice seeing you again, Lyric. Maybe we can catch up tomorrow." She gave me a hug before parting.


For almost a minute after she left, I stayed rooted to the spot, still imagining everything to be real.


"Hey, what was that about?" Jace asked as soon as l returned to my car.



I couldn't even say anything. I simply shook my head and went into the car.
###Chapter 117
LYRIC



The aftermath of meeting with Penelope turned out to be torturous. I was restless and couldn't even eat when I got back to Darkspire.



I kept shuffling between holding the scan and touching the necklace. I needed something to keep me close to them. It was pure torture having this mental knowledge of losing them.



After sometime, when I concluded | needed a distraction to avoid losing my mind, I took the pills.Might not be my smartest move; I know I promised never to take them again.



But I couldn't help it. I needed something to help me feel better. And only my dreams could help me.


Right after I took it, my dream did come.


Jaris made me love me in the way I liked and always enjoyed it. I screamed so hard as I came, and for a moment, I wished this dream could last forever.


****



And my week just kept getting worse. In the morning, I woke up to an email from TCH,telling me I had been summoned by the board by ten a.m.



I knew what it meant. They were about to penalize me.


My hands wouldn't stop shaking the minute I saw the email. All my efforts at TCH, my passion for saving lives...it was all about to go down the drain.


I was crying when the kids came to visit. As soon as l realized they were the ones knocking, I dried my face completely before getting the door.


Their happy mood put me out of my sad one partially.And I was even more glad when I discovered they were there to ask for my opinion on which jewel they were to use on their birthday.



Ugh. Talk about their birthday. My gifts for them were already being shipped and I couldn't wait for them to see them.The party was in a week's time.



When I was done making a decision for them, they ran off to get ready for school.


As for me, I got ready to go to TCH.


I was having a hard time keeping my composure on as I got ready in front of the mnirror. Real fear gripped me. It was 09:05 when I took my bag and left the room



To my surprise, Jaris was out there, just approaching my door. Or, at least I thought he was approaching my door.



But he was.


"Good morning, Alpha Jaris." I dipped my head as he stopped in front of me.


His masculine cologne hit me in an instant. Cedar Noir and Dark Truffle.



"Lyric. You ready?"


I furrowed my brows. Ready for what?


"I um... I'm going to TCH. I was summoned this morning."


"Yeah, I know. That's why I asked if you were ready."


Oh. "Y-Yeah,I am." Ready and utterly terrified.


"Good. Let's go, then." He started walking ahead of me.





Wait,what? What was he doing?

 
"You coming with me?" I hadn't moved from where I stood. "Looks like it."



Seeing the much distance he'd created between us,I had to force my legs to move.



"But why? I mean, you don't have to." The words came out a little breathy since I was struggling to meet up with his pace.



"I know. But I want to."



His answers were so clipped, making me feel like I was bothering him. But I couldn't shake off the warmth that spread through my belly.



What had gotten into the stone-hearted Alpha? Why would he want to accompany me to TCH?


"Thank you," I mentioned while sliding next to him in the backseat.



He was busy on his laptop but glanced at me and nodded. No words. He just returned his gaze to his laptop.







The ride to TCH was torturously long. I was both curious to know what my judgement would be and also scared of facing the board.


Either way, I had a feeling today would not be a good day for me.


I clutched my purse tight as myself, Jaris and Kael made our way into her ground floor of TCH. It was impossible not to notice the glares people threw my way.


I could even hear the words they said in their minds:"Killer."



"Careless doctor."



"She's not fit to be here."


I imagined them saying even worse. But I didn't deserve them. There was no way I'd been so careless with my application.


The walk to the elevator felt like forever, and when the three of us were finally in, I released a very deep breath.



"It'll be fine, Lyric. You keep going this way and you might pass out before they even penalize you."



It was Jaris.



Stone-hearted grumpy Jaris. He was comforting me.


Goodness,the surreality.


I exhaled deeply before nodding at him. "Thank you." A couple minutes more and we both entered the board room. Kael remained at the door while Jaris and I proceeded.



The large room, filledwith a long table and plenty of chairs, was already filled. I saw the grumpy faces of men I hadn't seen before. Men who were, no doubt,top superiors.


They stood up and bowed as soon as they saw Jaris.It wasn't until he took a seat that they did the same.



Normally, Jaris wasn't supposed to be here. This was a business of the organization,and non-staff weren't allowed.



But I guessed it didn't matter when you were someone like Jaris.



The meeting kicked off. I avoided looking at the faces of the doctors I knew as I hated seeing the disappointment in them. Most of them had faith in me.They believed I was good, but now, it looked like l failed them.



Questions were thrown at me, all of which I tried my best to answer without shaking.


It went on for a long time, and next was the President reading the book of rules to me. That was where it got worse for me. Where I knew my doom was close. "As much as you've been an amazing doctor, Dr.Lyric,this particular case cannot be simply overlooked," The President started his penalty speech. "Four of our patients are dead due to your carelessness. Aside the pain that comes with losing them, this is also a bad name to the hospital. Believe me, TCH wouldn't have its name and respect if such cases occurred frequently."



Please, Lyric. Don't cry. Don't cry.


But I could feel the stupid tears building behind my eyes again. With the way the speech was going, I knew I was going to get fired.
###Chapter 118 
LYRIC



"A lot of people here have thrown in a good word for you," he went on. "But like I said, this simply can't be ignored. And for this-" he drew out a printed paper from the file in front of him. "-you've been suspended from the hospital for three weeks."



I went numb.


My heart stopped beating for a second as I tried to process the words he just said.


He didn't say I'd been fired. He didn't say | was suspended for three years, or three months. But three weeks? Did he really say that or was it just me imagining things?



But when the people whispered amongst themselves,I knew I hadn't imagined anything. I was suspended for three weeks.



The tears I was holding back came flowing. But this time, they were from how shocked I was.


"Effective today, Lyric Dreadmoor, you're not allowed to step foot in TCH for the next three weeks." The President went on talking but I wasn't even listening anymore.


I looked to my right where Jaris was seated and he was staring right at me. Did he do this. Of course,why was I even asking?



I shook my head at him, not knowing what to say.Why did he do this for me? I should've been fired. Or if I was being suspended, it'd have been nothing short of months. Three weeks sounded like a vacation.


When the President was done talking and adjoined the meeting, I stood up with my bag.



"I'm so sorry for those who feel disappointed in me.But I assure you, I didn't do this. I've always been very careful with the patients, and that day, I know I gave them Calmizol, not Thilax. I promise, when I return, I'll do much better. But I'm still hopeful, though, that I'd get vindicated on this very case."



They all stared intently at me but didn't say a word.I nodded at Jaris and he got on his feet and we went for the door together.



Fresh tears streaked my cheeks as we walked outside.I may have gotten the softest penalty, but it didn't change the fact that those people were dead.



As soon as we stepped outside, I came face-to-face with Marta. She was supposed to be in the meeting since she was a Superior,and judging from the hurried steps she was taking,she must actually be on her way in, thinking the meeting was still on.



She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw us. And while she was busy being her dramatic self, something else clicked in my head.


It dawned on me at once-the threat she'd made.She told me to my face that she was going to make me pay for what Jace and I did. How did I forget?


"Jaris." She dipped her head.


Before Jaris could get a response out, I was on her.


"Did you do this?"



She looked at me from head to toe, like I was some mad lady in front of her.



But I wasn't falling for her tricks. Not today.


"Did you swap those tags by any means just so l could be in this trouble?"



She scoffed. "Lyric, please. What is this now? You looking for someone to put the blame on?"


"Why don't you answer me?!" I yelled at her. The door opened with some people coming out of the board room. But I didn't even look at them. I was too furious at the fact that Marta would take innocent lives just to get back at me.



"You told me you'd get back at me for what Jace and I did. You warned he about it. Was this it? Was this your way of paying back?"


"Lyric," Jaris called as he held my hand, but I didn't even look at him. Every inch of me was starting to shake.



"You're insane if you think I'd ever endanger people's lives for a stupid game," Marta snared.



"No. That makes you the insane one, Marta. How could you be so cruel?"


"Stop this, Lyric! Stop trying to pin your foolishness on me!"



"My foolishness?" I took a step back as I laughed so hard. Though tears shun in my eyes. "You think I'm being foolish, Marta? Do we need to tell them how many times you've lied in this facility? Like the time you lied about treating Mr. Owen, knowing fully well you did nothing? Or the one time you lied about Mr.Pete? Remember he didn't acknowledge you as the one who treated him. That was enough to get you in trouble, but I lied and still covered your ass." Her lips dropped open, the shock in her face unmistakable. She looked at the doctors stepping out of the room, then back at me. I didn't need to look at them to know they must be pretty shocked about my revelation.



I stepped closer to Marta. "You can never do the things I can, Marta. You might be good in your own way, but you know I'm way better, and that is what kills you."



"You're insane," she spat at me. "You really need to get your head checked, Lyric, because I think you've lost it."



My hand moved faster than my brain. It went right to her face, striking her hard.



Her gasp was so loud, I couldn't distinguish it from that of the others around us.



"Dr.Lyric!"



"You can't do this here!"



I didn't even know who was talking to me, but the shock and pain in Marta's face was all I needed.


"How dare you?" Her voice shook with rage. "How fucking dare you?!" She tried to come at me, but I was faster than her, pushed her back and slapped her again. This time, she screamed.



The others intervened. Some of the doctors held Marta while some held me back. But it was Jaris' hold that truly mattered.



His hand was tight around my arm as he pulled me away from the scene.


"We're leaving. Right now," he whispered in my ear.


I didn't fight him. It may not be enough for what Marta did,but at least,she got something.


He walked me out of the building and right into the car. It wasn't until I was settled in the backseat that the tears came freely.


"Seriously, Lyric. Did you have to do that in there?"Jaris asked. But there was no reprimand in his voice.He didn't even try to stop me when I hit her the first time.



Nerion was already in the driver's seat, and Kael got in not long after.



"Are we good to go?" He turned slightly to ask Jaris.


He gave the go-head nod and they started the car.


"It was Marta," I whimpered, my arms wrapped around myself,my head turned toward the window. "She lured me to the garden that night. T-Told me she wanted to talk about the kids. I dozed off while I was drinking with her, and when I woke up, she was gone."



There was so much pain in my voice


"It was he. It's always been her."
###Chapter 119
LYRIC



Several minutes passed. When I didn't hear a word from Jaris, I had to look at him to be sure he was even in the car with me.



He was. He just looked... distant. Angry. What was he thinking about?


"Thank you," I sniffled, hoping to bring him back. I did because he looked at me."For helping with the board.Although,I remember telling you not to get involved."


He gave a cold shrug. "You still got suspended."


"For three weeks!" I laughed. My voice was hoarse since I'd been crying.


I looked at the window again and wiped my face.



****十＊＊＊＊



JARIS



I had to give it to those men who were patient and composed no matter the situation they found themselves. I mean, they could be going through shit and still speak calmly to the person that was pissing them off.



I've been waiting for Marta for an hour now and already lost my mind. In addition, there was a broken vase on the floor to prove my impatience.


I picked up my phone and tried not to crush it in my grasp as I called her again. Fortunately for her, she picked.



"Jaris,I'm-"



"If you're not here in the next ten minutes, I promise you, it's going to get a lot more messy," I cut her off,my own voice vibrating with rage.



"I was trying to say I'm here already!"



That calmed me down a little.



"Good." I dropped the call.


A minute later, she was entering into my office.


I didn't care that I pulled her from work. When I called an hour ago and told her to get here,she sensed how furious I was and tried to round things up and come as soon as she could.



She looked so scared as she made her way in. She should be. She deserved it. "Jaris, I know Lyric can be convincing, but I promise you,I didn't do it."


I huffed. She actually thought this was about the hospital stuff? She didn't know it was way worse.


I tried to control it. I promise you, I tried to put a rein on my emotion, but it didn't work. I was onto her before she could blink.



My hand wrapped around her throat as I shoved her back until her shoulder blades slammed against the wall. She tried to scream but it got stuck in her throat.


"Ja-ris!" She struggled to pronounce my name.


I was so fucking pissed I couldn't think clearly.All I could see were images of Lyric kissing Zarek, begging him to touch her, being so hungry for his touch. And the whole time, Marta fucking Monroe was behind it.She wanted me to hate Lyric. I know she'd always been a desperate bitch, but going that far? The asshole Zarek could've fucked her if he wanted.He could've had his way with my mate!



I watched her face as she began to choke. She tried to get some words out, probably to try and beg me, but I didn't let her. I didn't want to hear what she had to say.


 
"How dare you?" | gritted. "How dare you take it this far?"



She couldn't ask questions if she wanted to. I watched as her face started turning purple.



"You knew who Zarek was to me,"Itightened my hold."You knew how much I hated him. Yet, you connived with him to sleep with Lyric. How fucking dare you,Marta?"



It was only when I saw her eyes rolling in that l released her. As much as I'd love to choke the life out of her, I needed her conscious for the moment.


She dropped to the floor and coughed so hard, her hand holding her chest like it could help.



I let her catch her breath for some seconds before l was on her again, yanking her hair.



"Jaris, please!" She cried out, tears streaking down her cheeks.



"If you want me to stop, then you better start talking,Marta.Else,I swear by the sky, I'll kill you here and now."


"Please..."



"Why did you do that to Lyric?!"



"I'm sorry..." "How could you fucking do it?!”


Her body wracked with sobs, tears flowing profusely.


I let her go with a shove and paced the room, brushing my fingers into my hair.


Damn it, I might really kill her if I didn't control myself.


I spent weeks hating Lyric for something Marta orchestrated. The poor girl didn't even know what she did wrong. She didn't even know why I was so cold toward her.



"How did I ever end up with you?" I shook my head,rubbing my thumbs against both sides of my temple."How did I ever get tangled with a bitch like you,Marta Monroe?"



Her sobs grew heavier.


Of course, I remembered. The witch had always been like a cat stalking a mouse in the shadows. We met in high school. She seemed like a pretty nice girl then.So, I kept her as a friend.



No,she made sure she was my friend.


Even when I flew out of the country to attend college,she made sure to follow me and ended up in the same school as me. She was a fucking pest I couldn't get rid of, and now here we were. I was stuck with her!


"Jaris, please don't say this," she whimpered like she was hurt by my words or something.


If only she knew I wanted her to be more than hurt.


I went closer, dropping to a crouch before her."Why did you do that to Lyric?" My voice was calmer,like l was genuinely trying to understand her. "How could you connive with my enemy to rape her? How could you be so shameless?"


Well, she was ashamed right now. She couldn't even hold my gaze as she whimpered on the floor.


"I'm so sorry. I-I didn't mean to." Another apology.


It hurt that she didn't even try to deny it. So, it was true.She did it.



My heart broke at the painful reality that this very woman was the mother of my kids.



"You really want to apologize, don't you?" I straightened and walked back to my table, picking up my phone.
###Chapter 120
JARIS



I kept my eyes on her as I called Lyric. She picked up on the second beep.


"I need you in my office. Now." I dropped the call.


Marta's brows furrowed. Knowing that someone was coming, she tried standing to her feet.


"I didn't say you could get up." My words halted her on her knees.



She looked at me with surprise, her lips parted in shock.



"B-But | thought-"


"If you don't do what I say, Marta, you're getting kicked out of the Pack tonight."



Dread darted across her eyes. Of course that was her biggest fear.Being away from me. I wasn't even sure she was worried about the kids.



She startled when someone knocked on the door. She must already guess who it was because her eyes turned pitiful. "Jaris,please-"



"Come in,Lyric."


She bit her lip so hard I wondered how blood didn't spill.


The door opened. I didn't need to look behind to know it was Lyric making her way in. Her caramel fragrance was impossible to miss.



She must have paused at the door, probably taken aback by the sight of Marta in front of her.Well,Marta did look like a mess. Her hair was ruffled-thanks to me -and her tears had ruined her makeup, smearing mascara all over her eyes.



Plus, she was on her knees. Nothing could be more jarring



Seconds passed.Marta couldn't lift her head anymore,clearly drowning in shame.



"Um...." Lyric cleared her throat, finally closing the door and walking further into the room. She stopped beside me. "You um...you sent for mne."



I nodded. "I did." My eyes were still on Marta. "You know what to do."



She only whimpered, not saying a word. "Don't make me say it, Marta, or I promise you,you'll hate yourself for it."



"Jaris, please!" Her sobs were mixed with frustration now. "You can't-You can't do this to me."



I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying so hard to keep my cool.


It took me seconds but I finally took a deep calming breath.



"You've been with me for years, Marta. If there's one thing you should've learned, it's the fact that I don't go back on my words. Ever. I'm telling you, right now,if I have to pick up my phone and make this call,you're leaving my Pack tonight."


That was enough to send fresh dread down her spine.I watched her lips quiver as she dragged her gaze to Lyric's. Her eyes hardened, she was trying so hard to look tough. But it was impossible with how messy she appeared.



"I'm....sorry." she mumbled.



"If you're apologizing, you do it properly, Marta," I warned.



"I'm sorry!" She almost yelled the words. At least, she was louder. Her frustration was soothing. I caught Lyric's surprise.


"What are you sorry for?" I pressed.


Marta looked at me like I was unbelievable, but she answered anyway, her voice a little shaky."For...For setting you up."


"Setting her up with wvho?"



"Alpha Zarek."



"So,you do realize that what you did was stupid?"


Her eyes closed as she lowered her head, fresh tears rolling down."Y...es."



"Does that make you stupid?"



She said nothing. Only sobbed.



"Marta?"



"Yes! Yes, I'm so sorry!"



I inhaled in satisfaction, folding my arms across my chest.



"Call her name when you apologize," I added.


"Jaris, please."



"Alpha Jaris," this time it was Lyric. "It's okay." But I didn't even look at her.


"Do what I said, Marta. And look at her when you say it."



Seconds passed. Her sobs grew more bitter. But finally,she caved, lifting her teary eyes to Lyric's. "I'm sorry."



I could see it right there. She was utterly broken. Just what I wanted.


I uncrossed my hands, tucking them in my pockets.



"Get out."



She wasted no time. She scrambled to her feet,grabbed her purse from a corner on the floor and scurried out of the office like the place was on fire.



It felt like a suffocating veil had been taken off my face. I could finally breathe again.



Now I could also look at Lyric. She appeared pale,stunned, and slightly terrified.



What? Why was she acting like she was staring at a monster?



"You-You didn't have to do that." She frowned,lowering her gaze to the floor.


"Didn't have to do what? Get her to apologize for setting you up to get fucked by someone else against your consent?"



Her eyes rounded, clearly embarrassed by the raw mention of the word.



"I-I know what she did was wrong, and I hate her for it.I just..." she sighed, out of words.



How do these guys manage to do this? Grow soft on someone that's hurt them? Even I was tempted to kill her when I thought she slept with Zarek.


"Thank you, anyway," she muttered with an eye roll.


Now that was enough to draw a small smile.


"Would you like to drink with me?" I moved from the table, going to the small wine shelf in the corner.


"Seems like you've drained yourself after that exhausting drama. Yeah, sure," she answered, and l imagined her rolling her eyes again.



I concealed my smile at the shelf as I pulled out a bottle.



****十十＊＊＊＊＋



LYRIC



Jaris scared me sometimes. I was grateful for what he did-getting the bitch to apologize. Heck,I deserved more than that from her.


But seeing the way he executed it was what amused me. The guy could be so unfeeling when he wanted to be,and it wouldn't matter if he had any relationship with you.



I spent some time drinking with him in his office.Non -alcoholic, though. He wouldn't let me take alcohol with him.



When I left his office, I tried calling Penelope for the hundredth time.The line simply wasn't connecting.I didn't understand if she'd given me a wrong number or something, because why the hell have I not been able to reach her since morning?



****十



MARTA



If there were words greater than shame, humiliation,disgrace, Marta would take it.



She felt all of them and worse. It still felt like a dream to her, that Jaris could humiliate her in that manner.



But how did he even find out? She hit her head at the thought of it being Alpha Zarek. The coward must have exposed her. How could he? She left the Pack as soon as she was out of Jaris 'office, driving to her favorite hidden bar.


She ordered tons of drinks and wept from time to time.



Right now, there wasn't a single soul he hated more than Lyric. She hated the very air the girl breathed.She hated the sound of her voice, her stupid smile,her stupid fragrance. She hated everything about her and wanted her gone!



Oh, if only it wouldn't make her overly suspicious,Marta would've plotted her death right now. She'd have derived outmost satisfaction in watching her die.



Her phone had been ringing nonstop in her bag, but she didn't pull it out, not in the mood to speak to anyone.



She was too busy thinking of ways to damage Lyric's life beyond repair.


It was devastating that her plan at the hospital didn't turn out the way she wanted. She'd expected her to get fired! Why did Jaris have to get involved and only got her suspended for three weeks? Three weeks!That was a fucking joke!



Marta hated everything. She hated that the witch was seeming untouchable. Oh, she wanted to see her crumble.



Her phone wouldn't stop ringing. With a grunt, she retrieved it from her bag and was even more angry when she discovered it was her grandmother calling.



Why the hell won't they leave her alone? She could've called back when she was done wallowing in pain.



"Grandma." Her voice was hard when she picked.



"You stupid child! Where did you keep your phone?We've been calling for ages!"



Marta folded her hands into fists. She really wasn't in the mood for this.



"I'm sorry. What's the problem?"


"It's Lyric, you fool."



Marta sat up, her brows crinkling. What did Lyric do again?



"What do you mean? What did she-"



"She's the mother of the twins!"
###Chapter 121





MARTA



How bad could a person's life get? How unlucky could one person be?



Marta had these questions running through her mind as she ran out of her car. She had been driving at a crazy speed, she nearly ran into a truck.


But she wouldn't have cared if she did. At the moment, she'd rather be dead than live this nightmare.



Her parents, grandmother and Penelope were at the terrace when she arrived. They seemed to be having a conversation and stopped when they saw her.


Marta wasn't the only one that looked worried. She'd never seen her grandmother more upset before.


"How?" The word fell from her lips with pain. "I saw her yesterday," Penelope started with a sigh."To my surprise, she'd been looking for me for five years. I couldn't recognize her because... she looked beautiful. Clearly, she found a way to get rid of the scar. She wanted to know where I buried the kids,but fortunately, I found a way to discard her. So,when I left her, I did my research and got to know she was Alpha Jaris' mate." She shrugged. "The same man you gave the kids to."


"Seriously, what are the odds?" Her father mumbled.


For a full minute, Marta was as still as a statue,dumbstruck.



Her fingers dived into her hair as she pulled at her roots, frustration kicking in


"No," she muttered. "It can't be."


Her bag slipped from her hand but she didn't even care to pick it up. She started pacing the terrace on shaky legs.


Lyric was their mother. The same Lyric she hated. The same Lyric Jaris had a soft spot for.


The same Lyric her kids preferred over her.


"No. No. No." She shook her head repeatedly.


Tears marked her face. Terrified ones.



She was doomed.



＊＊＊＊十十



LYRIC



I was researching on Siphoning when the kids came to see me. They told me they were bored and wanted to play with me.


Well, I wouldn't say I was surprised. It was crazy how we'd grown close over the months. I'd be lying if l said I didn't like it.


They took their toy airplanes and went with me to the garden. It was night, but the garden had these beautiful lights that were on display at night. The lights were one of the reasons I enjoyed coming to the garden when it was dark. Xyla and Xylon played with their planes, flying it and shouting at each other when one jumped into the other in the air. They could be so funny when they bicker, much like cat and mouse. Xyla did most of the talking while Xylon mostly scowled at her and said a few words.



I had to intervene from time to time before they started pulling each other's hair.


A while later, Xylon's plane crashed a few feet from us. He hurried to get it but stopped when he noticed a pair of legs right in front of him. He trailed his eyes up and shifted back when he saw who it was.


Even I was tempted to run over and grab him when l saw Maddy standing in front of him.


She looked so tiny in the jean shorts she wore that exposed her thighs, and the small crop top that bared her tummy. Her hair was styled in a single braid and rolled at the top. Coupled with her red lipstick, she looked like she was about to go somewhere, but I knew she wasn't. From what I heard,Maddy loved being on makeup all the time. The girl was crazy. I worried she'd attack the kids or something, considering who they belonged to.


She crouched and picked up the toy plane.


Okay, this was it. She was definitely going to destroy it.I knew it. To my utter surprise, she held it out to Xylon. And worst of all, she wore a smile.


"It's yours, right?" She chirped, making her smile seem real.


Even Xylon looked skeptical as he collected the plane from her. The kids must know who she was. But how? Had they seen her pictures or something?


"Aren't you going to say thank you?" She made a playful pout, crossing her arms.


But Xylon said nothing.



"Come on. Don't be shy."


"He doesn't.... speak frequently," I chipped in. Her eyes darted to mine in surprise, then comprehension. When she looked back at Xylon, her smile was brighter.


"That's okay." She placed her hands over her knees as she leaned forward. "I bet you don't know me. I'm Maddy, and I'm your aunt."


"We know you!" Xyla uttered loudly.


"Oh. Do you?"


"Yes! Mummy showed us your pictures and told us to stay away from you."


For the love of the moon, these kids didn't have a filter in their mouths!



Maddy's smile faltered as she straightened. "Of course, she'd say that. She's never liked me.And you know why she's never liked me? Because one day, I told her the truth, that she was a slut who was seeking attention from the wrong person."


What the hell?! My eyes rounded in shock as I quickly reached for the kids. "Slut." Xyla frowned. "What's the meaning of slut?"


But I was already on her before her crazy aunt could answer. "Come on, darlings. Why don't you and Xylon go to the playground? I'll be there in a minute."


They didn't hesitate. They ran off with their toys.


"Are you trying to keep them away from me?" Maddy demanded, a scowl marking her face.


"Seriously, Maddy. What is wrong with you?"crossed my arms. She looked genuinely clueless.


"What do you mean what is-"


"You're not supposed to use those words on the kids!"


She stared down at the floor, seeming to understand.


"I-I didn't know that."


But I still gave her my suspicious stares.


"Listen, that's my nephew and niece, okay? I haven't dealt with kids before. So, I had no idea I was supposed to filter my words or something. But what's the essence when they'll eventually get to know the meaning someday, though?"


That was it. The girl was still crazy. She still thought like a child.



"Maddy, I understand you hate Jaris. But do you think you can keep his kids out of it?"


"What the hell are you saying?" She took a step back. "Hold on, do you think I want to hurt them? Is that the reason you pushed them away?"



She huffed, muttering some words under her breath."I'm not evil, okay? I have an issue with their father,not them. Besides, they didn't ask to be born to him or something. It's Marta I blame in all of this. She knew who he was but went ahead to get pregnant.That girl is too desperate." She shook her head in disappointment.



I wanted to laugh at how serious she was judging others. Well, I didn't want anything to do with her. So,I turned to leave.


"l-I need your help." Her voice halted me.
###Chapter 122 
LYRIC



Okay,what now?


I rolled my eyes as I turned around to face her again.


"The uh...the twins. I'm aware their birthday is coming up this weekend. I've been trying to come up with ideas of things I could gift them. Do you mind helping out?"


I arched my brows at her. Seriously? She wanted to get them gifts?







After spending some time with Maddy in the garden,I discovered she could actually be sweet when she wanted to be. When you hear of 'sweet but a psycho', you could think of Maddy.


She had the innocence of a chick when she talked about certain things and was so excited as we discussed the gifts. At some point, she even made me laugh.


When I finished with her, I proceeded to the playground and met the kids having fun.


"Aunty Lyric, do you also think aunty Maddy is bad?"Xyla asked as they walked with me to my room.


Before my conversation with Maddy, I'd have asked them to stay away. But right now, the girl didn't seem as dangerous as I thought.


"I think she's a nice person. Just be careful, okay?"


They spent some time with me in my room. When I realized they were dizzy, I offered taking them to their room. But Xyla made an odd request.


"Can we spend the night here?"


"Yes, please," Xylon added.


My jaw dropped. Were they for real? They wanted to sleep with me? | was surprised, but there was no denying the pleasure that blossomed in my belly.


"Of-Of course."



****+



A rapid knock on my door forced me awake. The dimness of the room when I opened my eyes made me think it was the middle of the night. But when I checked the time on my phone, it was four a.m.


Well, that was still too early for anyone to be knocking on the door.


Xyla and Xylon were still asleep, thankfully.


I opened the door and was surprised to find Marta.


Well,not just Marta. Furious Marta. The mean bitch l always wanted to avoid.


"Are they here?" She strained her neck to look over my shoulder.


I took in her state. She looked fully dressed, just like she had been in Jaris' office. Was she just coming home by this time?


"What are they doing there?!" The sharpness in her voice brought my attention back to her face."Xylon!Xyla! Wake up!"



"Marta, what're you doing? Let them sleep." I tried to keep my voice low even if she just shouted.


Her eyes were like daggers when they looked at me."What right do you think you have to take my kids away and let them sleep with you? How dare you?!"


Bafflement sketched its signature on my expression.


"| don't understand. What's wrong with them sleeping over? It's not like I took them away from the Pack. Their room is just around the-"



"I don't fucking care, Lyric!" Her voice was a pain in the ear. "You have no right whatsoever to spend time with my kids. I don't want you touching them, I don't want you holding them, I don't want you playing with them. Nothing. Nothing at all! Don't you understand?" | froze.



Okay.Something was wrong.


No doubt, Marta had always been a pain in the ass,but today, she was different. This hatred and insistence to stay away from the kids, it seemed new.


I heard movements behind me and turned to see the twins scrambling away from bed. Of course, she woke them up already.


"What's your problem?" I'shook my head as I looked back at her. "Why do you hate me so much? I never...I never even asked for this, Marta. When I was coming here to become Jaris' mate, I didn't know he had kids. I didn't know you existed. Yet, every time,you sound like I'm some witch who's come to wreck your home."


Her eyes burned with brighter hatred as she pinned them on me. "You have no idea, Lyric. You're worse than a witch."



"Mummy?" Xyla called as she stood beside me at the door.



Marta's gaze wasn't any softer as she glared at her.


"What're you doing here? Huh?Is this your room?!


The twins recoiled from how she shouted at them.



Okay, this was it. Now, she was pissing me off as well.


"Stop it, Marta. If you don't learn to control your anger, I might have to keep them with me for the night."


For a few seconds, her face was blank. Then, she threw her head back and laughed. She fucking laughed like it was funny.



"What did you say?" She raised her brows. "You think you can take them from me? I'll die before that happens,Lyric."


My brows drew together in confusion as I shook my head at her. What was wrong with her? She didn't seem....fine today. She grabbed their arms, roughly pulling them toward herself.When I heard Xylon wince, I lost it.


I pulled the kids back, hard enough to separate them from Marta and got in their middle.


"Stop it! Stop this madness!"


"Lyric, get out of the way."


"I will. But you have to stop acting like a mad woman so you don't hurt them."


"They are my kids!" Her eyes blazed as she shouted at me. "Mine! You don't get to tell me how to handle them. If you need kids to control, then go get yours and leave mine alone. Who knows? You could be barren for all wve know!!"


"That's enough!" A brisk voice sliced through the space.


Marta went slent. Me too. But not the ache in my heart. It was so loud and painful.


We turned to the directionof the voice and found Jaris dressed in his comfy pajamas.



Calmly, he walked toward us.



"What're you doing?" Jaris asked, his eyes on Marta.

"Saying all these in front of the kids?"


Marta looked away, her fear of Jaris overpowering any retort she'd have released.



"You know, sometimes, I wonder how you manage to be one of TCH's best doctors when you act this way.Take the kids and leave."



She didn't hesitate. She grabbed the kids' hands and left. At least this time she was gentle with them.


I sniffled as I brushed my fingers into my hair, forcing the tears back. Marta always knew how to hit me in the painful spot.


Yes, I wanted my own kids. I wished the ones I had didn't die. I wish they were still alive just to help like Xylon and Xyla. Maybe that was the reason I was always so protective of the twins. But did she always have to rub it in my face all the time? Did she always have to mock me as if she knew my past?


"You okay?" Jaris' soothing voice dragged me out of my bitter mood. I didn't even realize he'd gotten closer.


"Y-Yeah," I sniffled, tucking some strands of hair beneath my ear.


I looked everywhere on the floor to avoid looking at him. I was scared he'd see the tears in my eyes.


"You shouldn't take what she said to heart.You know Marta can be silly."


I chuckled. Yeah, she was worse than silly.


"Thank you. Goodnight." I didn't realize how funny it was. It was already four a.m.


He didn't answer until I was already closing the door.


"Goodnight,Lyric."
###Chapter 123
MARTA



She was losing her mind.


She had spent a long time with her family trying to work up something against Lyric.



They'd contemplated killing her but were skeptical as it was risky. If Lyric survived and it's somehow traced to them, they'd be doomed. If they had to kill her,it would need to be done smoothly.



She returned home late and was furious when she checked on the kids and got to know from the nanny that they were at Lyric's.



She'd lost all sense of reasoning. All she could think about was the fact that Lyric was trying to take her kids from her. It rang in her head that the twins were actually with their biological mother. If she hated Lyric before, she despised her now. If there was a word greater than loathe, she'd use it.



She wanted her as far away from her kids as possible. And she was ready to do anything to achieve that.



When the kids were back in their room, she proceeded to hers and put a call through to her grandmother.


In the family, she always preferred communicating with her grandmother because the woman was the smartest and was good when it came to important plans.



"What is Marta? It's late." She sounded grumpy like always.


Marta went straight to the point, her voice cold. "We need to take care of the woman. Penelope."



There was a long pause.



"Why?" Her grandmother asked. "She's a threat. She knows too much already. She even knows Lyric and her being the mother of the twins. How sure are we she won't try/ to snitch on us soon?"



Another moment of silence before her grandmother hummed.


"I think you're right. I'll have someone take care of it as soon as possible."


****+****+



LYRIC


It was the day of the second trial. Another important day in our world.


I finished on time to join Jaris in the car.


Even before I opened the door, his sweet cologne welcomed me, captivating me completely. And when my eyes caught sight of him, I melted. He was beyond charming.


"What is it with you ladies always keeping the men waiting?" He asked with a fake sigh of exhaustion as l settled beside him.



"Are you serious? I was so proud of myself for being early." I rolled my eyes.


"If you call this early, then I think TCH must've suspended you for adifferent reason."



The laugh came out uncontrolled. I had to make sure the tears stayed back as I didn't want to ruin the makeup I had spent hours applying.


"You look good, by the way," he complimented after a while when the laughter had died down.



I glanced at him before lowering my gaze to my thighs, biting the inside of my cheeks. "Thanks."


I felt the helpless blush crawling up my neck.



It was getting harder being around him without clenching my thighs. Everything about him-the sound of his voice, the way he smiled, the way he laughed-it helplessly reminded me of my 'dreams'. I'd taken the pills for two nights, and while I enjoyed the nights like always, I was starting to get really worried.


Was this just a dream? How can a pill be that powerful?


Initially, I'd been blinded by my lust, I couldn't think of anything else. Like the fact that someone had actually dropped those pills in my room. Someone that wanted me to keep having those dreams of Jaris.



I looked at Jaris who was busy with his phone. This time, it wasn't out of admiration. It was out of curiosity. Who wanted me to keep having these dreams of him? Were they even real?


This morning, I spent a lot of time thinking about it and decided I was going to do something to know if it was a dream or not. Tonight, when I took the poill,1already had a plan in motion to know the truth.


When we reached the airport and were heading to the jet, I tried calling Penelope again. It was the third day and I still hadn't been able to reach her.


Hopefully, she'd be at the Silver Citadel. She better have answers for me when we meet.







The place was filled to the brim like the last time.Jaris and I were led in through a backdoor to the stage where the other Alphas and their Lunas sat.


The hall thrummed with lively discussions and racket.


"Good luck," I said to Jaris a moment later.



He needed it. This second trial would be very difficult, according to what I heard. It was based on 'A King's Strength.'


Like the name, it was for the Alphas to prove how strong they were. Thney'd have to endure a very hard task for an excruciatingly long time.


Jaris smiled at me, his eyes warm."Thank you."


He returned his attention to his phone. Being the Alpha King would definitely look good on him. He had the attributes-a strict personality,wisdom,strength and dominance.


He and his Luna would be lucky to rule the world-whoever she'd be in a year's time.


My heart sank at the thought of someone else being in my place less than a year from now.


Alpha Zarek and his Luna were the next to arrive.I glared at him as he took his seat.


The asshole. I'd need to have a word with him at the end of the night.


He might've saved my life, but he was a dick who almost ruined me. How could he connive with Marta to set me up? He could've raped me and I'd have never even had an idea about it.


Moments later, the Chairman came on stage.


I tried calling Penelope again but she was still not reachable. I scoured my eyes through the crowd,through the spot where the Elders were sitting, yet no sign of her.


Goodness, I was losing my mind. And why did I have this feeling of unease?


Chairman Lyon welcomed everyone to the trial.


He went ahead to introduce the term which we already knew was 'A King's Strength.' He talked about the importance and impact in the trial.


He called on the participating Alphas, and when Jaris stood up, I wished him more luck.


"You could take my place, you know? I'd love to see your strength," he joked.


I found myself unable to stifle a laugh. "Even if that was possible, trust me, you wouldn't see me anywhere near that place."


He flashed a smile at me before walking off to join the others.



I took a deep breath. Being on good terms with Jaris Dreadmoor was... exhilarating. I definitely preferred it to those times we bickered. I was terrified of that part of him. Hopefully, we wouldn't have a reason to go back to that again.
###Chapter 124 
LYRIC



The Chairman went over the rules with the Alphas.Each of them would be taken to separate rooms where they'd be given a heavy task to do in display of their strengths. The trial was to last for seventy minutes. Gasps rippled through the crowd when he mentioned that. Seventy minutes was a whole lot of time.



He mentioned that they could give up when they got tired, but they would be the end of the trial for them.



Just hearing about it alone was already making me tired. How were they supposed to hold on for that long?



I couldn't help being worried for Jaris. The trial began. The four Alphas were led to separate rooms at the same time and we could see it all on camera.


My mouth hung open when I saw the task.


They stood in the center of the room with their arms spread apart. Then, a chain was locked around their arms, all the way to their shoulders.


Following the instructions, they pulled, and something pulled from the roof. A big statue-the biggest I'd ever seen. It looked like it'd have the weight of three cars.


It was hanging from the roof, connected to the chains. So, as the Alphas pulled, its weight moved from the ceiling and rested on them.


The crowd murmured when they realized this was what they were meant to carry for seventy minutes.My heart raced in alarm when I noticed the pain and surprise on the Alpha's faces. It only meant it was damn heavy and even they didn't expect the triaI to be like this. There were four Alphas on the screen, yet the only one I focused on was Jaris.



My heart drummed against my ribcage as I took in his features. The trial was just starting. Was he tired already? What if he decides to give up?


The clock kept ticking. The atmosphere in the air was tense.



Twenty minutes into the time, one of the Alphas asked for his chain to be released, accepting defeat.


The hall went a little noisy as people from his Pack grumbled about it.


My anxiety spiked to a whole new level. It was just twenty minutes and someone was already giving up.How would the rest of them make it to seventy?


I looked at the faces of the remaining Alphas to see if they were tired. The other Alpha seemed like he was using all of his last strength to keep pulling.


Zarek was sweaty and had veins popping on his neck and forehead from how hard he pulled. Well, I didn't care about him. He could fail if he wanted to.



When I returned my gaze to Jaris, I felt an ache in my heart. He seemed to be holding just fine. But for how long? They still had forty-five minutes to go.


Fifty minutes into the trial and someone else gave up.But it was neither Jaris nor Zarek. It was the third Alpha.


The hall became noisy again as people grumbled about it. But I didn't look away from the screen.


It was just Jaris and Zarek left.


What if they both failed?


Well, I already knew the answer to that. A fresh trial would have to be organized; a more difficult one.


I kept checking the time. Just a few more minutes...


Please, Jaris, hold on. Hold on.


Zarek moved. The gasps that rippled through the hal were nothing like I'd heard before. Well, the competition was between the two now, so everyone's curiosity was piqued.


We all thought he was about to give up, considering how his legs were shaking.


He tilted his head back. We couldn't hear him, but we were sure he was grunting.


He looked like he was so close to giving up.


I checked the time. Fifteen more minutes.


The clock kept ticking.


Ten more minutes.


A fresh gasp rippled through the hall when Zarek made another move as if his knees were about to give up. For a moment, I actually became scared for him.



Why doesn't he just give up?


Suddenly, something dawned on me. My belly got filled with butterflies at the realization that in all of this, Jaris remained unmoving. He was the only one who hadn't shown any sign of exhaustion.


My heart quickened at the thought. How was he so strong?


Few more minutes.



Three.



Two.



One.



Seconds.


The bell went off.


Cheers erupted from every corner of the hall as we all looked at our two winners on the screen.


While the people celebrated, the chains were pulled off of them with people rushing over with towels and water.



I clapped so hard and only stopped to wipe the tears that were making their way down my cheeks.


I couldn't believe it. Jaris won! In a grand way!


He made it to the final round, and with this, there was a high chance of him becoming the Alpha King! The King of every other Alpha!


Gods, I was so happy for him!






Moments later, they emerged on stage and were given their lanyards.


As Jaris approached his seat, I was so tempted to run up to him and give him a tight hug. In that moment, I felt proud being his. Well, not really 'his,'but at least I was his mate and everyone saw me that way. He was mine in the eyes of the people.


"Congratulations, Alpha Jaris. That was spectacular!" I beamed as he took his seat.


He cocked his brow at me. "You look so happy, I'm starting to think you're the one who will be crowned King."


I leaned back and howled with laughter until my abdomen hurt. Jaris could be annoying most of the time, but he could be really cute and funny when he wanted to be. I liked this part of him.
###Chapter 125 
JARIS



Something was wrong with me.


I might need help for real this time.


Because why the hell was I motivated by the face of just one person when I was up there?


The task had been extremely difficult. It was enough to make even the strongest Alpha give up. Zarek was quite strong to have held on to the end, like me.


People kept praising me for how effortless I made it seem. I didn't show any sign of weakness during my time there. But they didn't know what went on in my head.



While I was pulling the heaviest weight I'd ever had to deal with in my life, I was tempted to give up. But a constant face kept playing in my mind. I kept picturing her large green eyes smiling at me,urging me to stay strong. When the weight seemed too much, I imagined how disappointed those very pretty eyes would be.


I didn't want to disappoint her, and as funny as it sounded, that was the one thing that kept me going.


And when I finished and approached my seat on the stage, the happiness in her eyes did crazy things to me.



It suddenly made the ache I felt in my limbs feel useless. It made me feel like everything was worth it and if I had to, l'd do it all over again just to watch that very happiness on repeat.


She was beautiful. Too gorgeous. Being genuinely happy for me seemed like a rare sight.


So, I needed help. Lyric Harper was starting to do things I didn't understand to me.


When the event came to an end, I had to go meet up with the Elders as they'd mentioned having something important to tell me.


I went with Lyric who was still giddy with excitement,and it was all I could do not to hold her hand.


No. What if she freaked out?



Reaching the door of the meeting room, one of the Elders was already waiting outside.


"Congratulations once more, Alpha Jaris. That was a spectacular move," he beamed, extending his hand for a handshake which I took.


He turned to Lyric. "Uh...Luna Lyric, I'm afraid you'll have to wait out here for him."



I looked at him with surprise. "Why can't she go in with me?"



"I'm sorry, Alpha Jaris, but what we have to say in there is quite confidential."


"It's fine," Lyric said with a smile that was genuine enough to tell me she wasn't offended in any way."I'll just wait by the car," she directed at me. I followed the Elder in as she walked away.


There were voices coming from the room, and I stopped in the middle when I came face to face with Zarek. He was clearly done talking with the Elders and was making his way out. But I stood in the said way.


"Alpha Jaris." His lips lifted in a smirk. "Will you accept my congratulations?"


My eyes held nothing of the fake mirth he had in his.


"It's a good thing you asked, and no."


He gave a casual shrug. Gods, I wanted to punch him. If there weren't so many eyes on us right now...


He might've done the right thing by confessing to what he did, but he was an asshole for going along with it in the first place. So, what if he didn't get to know Lyric and see her to be a nice person? He wouldn't have confessed, and I'd have spent my whole life degrading Lyric for something she didn't do. "It's just the two of us now, huh?" He chuckled."Why don't you just do us both a favour and step down for me, Jaris? You know what the last trial will be about.It'll be bloody."


"And I think we already know whose blood will be on the floor."



He scoffed, but I could see he was getting pissed.


"You know," he stepped closer to me. "I won't go soft on you in any way. From birth, I've been meant to sit on this throne. I grew up visiting the Capital often and looking forward to the day I'll be King.I won't let you take it from me, Jaris. I deserve it more than you do."



I wanted to laugh in his face. The asshole was delusional.


"Tsk. Tsk. It looks like you're worried," I tilted my head to the side. "You're trying so hard to make me back down because you know you'll be nothing against me on the final trial. And you dare tell me you deserve the throne more than I do? With this cowardice of yours?"


"Please, gentlemen!" One of the Elders called from behind.



They couldn't hear what we were saying, but they must be able to tell it couldn't be something good.


Zarek's eyes burned like coals, my words clearly hitting him in the wrong spot.


I smirked as I walked past him, making sure to hit his shoulder with mine in the process.


Soon, it was just me and the Elders in the room.


They congratulated me for the nth time on my amazing performance.


"We've always known you were the right man for this job, Alpha Jaris! You didn't even show any sign of pain," Luca said joyously.


"You amazed the people. That was beyond impressive!"


I kept nodding at them until they finished with their congratulatory speeches.


"So," Elder Landon began. "Judging from how well you've handled the first two trials, we have no doubt you'll ace the third as well. But before then," he gave an intentional pause. "There is one important law you must know about."



I listened attentively.


"You know, it's the first time a potential Alpha King is uh...having kids out of wedlock."



A feeling adjusted deep within me. I didn't know what it was, but it suddenly became hard to swallow.


This conversation... My smart brain was already trying to decipher where it was headed, and I didn't like it.



"As a result, we've never had to make this law public," another Elder continued. "But since in your case you have two kids with an un-mated woman,it is important for you to know that these kids will not be fully/acknowledged as royal kids." "In essence," Luca took over. "Your son will not be eligible for the throne when you're old and retired."


Something stopped working in my chest. It was my heart. It wasn't beating right anymore.


What in Hades were they talking about?


"Unless," Landon was back talking. "You get married to the mother of the kids. That is Marta Monroe."


"She'll have to be the Grand Luna of the Capital,ruling beside you."
###Chapter 126
JARIS


I went numb. Couldn't think straight for a full minute.


I didn't even know which was more devastating-the realization that Lyric was never going to rule beside me, or the painful fact that someone like Marta was going to be my wife.


It made my head ache.



"....Alpha Jaris!"


I didn't realize they'd been calling me until Luca touched my arm.


I took a deep breath, dragging myself back to the present.


"You don't have to do it if you don't want to," Landon said. "You could just focus on Luna Lyric, but only her kids would be acknowledged. When she has a son, he'll become King after you."


If the situation permitted it, I'd have fucking laughed.


That was the point; they didn't know nothing. They had no idea that Lyric couldn't even be my wife.We had a stupid contract between us which was only going to last for a year. Well, less than a year now.


Fuck, I'd always known this. So, why the hell was it seeming so painful now?


In less than ten months, Lyric Harper would be gone from my life.


I'll never get to see her smiles again, hear her laughter, or get the satisfaction I felt when I see her playing with the kids. She'd be gone for good.


But this was the deal. It shouldn't mean anything.


I could get married to someone else; someone more deserving than Marta. But Xylon was my first son.I didn't want him growing up to feel hurt and neglected. He deserved to be King after me. Xyla roo deserved to be fully acknowledged as daughter of the Alpha King. I didn't want them growing up with that tag of 'Born out of wedlock.


What the hell was I supposed to do?


＊＊＊＊十十



LYRIC


When I left Jaris, I went ahead to meet up with Jace.He was with Kael when I arrived, the two seeming to have a peaceful conversation.


But Jace came over to meet me as soon as he saw me.



"I'm looking for Elder Mathias. I didn't see him on stage today," I went straight to the point when we finished greeting each other.


"Yeah, he didn't show up today. Neither did his wife."


I let out a frustrated sigh.

 
"Okay. Could you give me his address or something?" "Lyric, why won't you tell me what the problem is?What do you have with this Penelope woman?"


I brushed my fingers into my hair, not knowing what to say.


Nobody knew I was pregnant five years ago. I felt a little embarrassed to admit it to Jace right now.


"I just... I'm sorry, I can't talk about it for now."


He insisted, but when he saw that he couldn't get it out of me, he let it be. But he promised to send me the address as soon as he got it from his father.


Kael and I left for the car together. While waiting for Jace, I put a call through to Juan as I'd missed her own call earlier.


She was so excited and kept congratulating me for Jaris' win. They all believed I was going to be the Capital Luna.How sad.


I ended the call when I spotted Jaris approaching.Just like that, the butterflies returned in ten folds. He looked so handsome in the navy blue suit that hugged his frame.


For a moment, I felt lucky being the one beside him.


My smile dropped when I knocked the mood he was in. He didn't seem happy.


"Are... Are you alright?" | inquired when he got close.


He drew a deep breath and looked at me.Surprisingly, he held my gaze for a long time, as if searching for something in my eyes.


"I'll be fine," he muttered. "We should go."


He got into the car before me, not sparing another glance my way.


Uncertainty took root deep within me. Tonight was supposed to be a happy one for us. Why was he sad?What did the Elders tell him?






Just like the night of the firsttrial, another party was being held when we got back to Darkspire. But even that was not enough to brighten Jaris'mood. I could tell he was only forcing himself to enjoy the party.


Later at night, when the party had ended and I was alone in my room, I stared at the pill in one hand, and the paint in the other.


Tonight was the night I got to find answers. To know if my dream was real or not.


I took the pill and tightened my hand with the paint into a fist, just before the sudden effect took place.


Everything seemed to twirl and spiral for me, but l managed to get on the bed.



Like always, it felt good already. My body had already gotten so used to this that whenever it happened,l was looking forward to my 'dream man.'


My heavy eyelids went closed.


I didn't know how long it took, but I moaned in response when I felt his hands on my legs. He was here again. Like every other night when l needed him.



But tonight was a test.


He crawled up to me, cupped my cheeks and kissed me.Deeply.


Hm. The Jaris in my dream was better than the one I'd left the Capital with. That one had been sad and quiet toward me and everyone around him. This one seemed hungry for me. I liked it.


I reciprocated the kiss, running my hand down his neck. In the process, I did what I had in mind. The palm with the paint ran against the back of his nape,covering it with the light blue color.


He didn't notice and won't know until I'm able to check in the morning. Even when he showered, it won't come off.


So, if this was only a dream, the paint won't be there by morning. But if I was being tricked this whole time and any of this was real, then I'd see it when I check.
###Chapter 127
LYRIC



I woke up earlier than usual that morning, and the first thing I did was to go look for Jaris.


But his office was locked and he wouldn't open the door to his room when I knocked.


There was no way he'd gone out, right? This was the reason I woke up early so I'd catch him before he went anywhere.


"He's still asleep, ma'am." Someone said behind me when I knocked on his door again.


I turned to find one of the servants smiling at me.


"Oh. How do you know that?" I pulled my robe tighter together.


"I just finished working around here. He hasn't stepped out of his room yet." Damn it.



I was tempted to wait around, but that would make me look ridiculous.



So, I returned to my room, deciding to come check again in fifteen minutes.



I found a message from Jace by the timeI reached the room. It was the address, accompanied with the Elder's phone number.



I sighed in relief and tried calling the number immediately. But he didn't pick up.


Okay, maybe he was still asleep.


I was so eager I thought of rushing over to his place as soon as I'd seen Jaris. But tomorrow was the kids'birthday, and Maddy and I were meant to do some more shopping.



Yup. As crazy as it sounded, she wanted me to go with her.



I took a bath and found something good to wear. Then, I went back to Jaris' room.


To my surprise, he still won't open up.


"What the hell?" I mumbled under my breath as l knocked again.


How can he still be asleep by this time?


"What're you doing?" | turned around in a start at the sound of Maddy's voice.



She stood with her arms crossed and gave me a weird look. "This is the second time you're knocking desperately on his door. What is going on?"


I furrowed my brows. "How do you-"


"I was watching when you came the first time. You just didn't see me," she cut me off wwith an eye roll."What is so important, anyway? Please, don't tell me you're only desperate to wish him a happy morning.It'd be sad to know you're one of those ladies who have fallen helplessly for my monster of a brother."



I rolled my eyes as I stepped away from the door. Fine. I wasn't having this conversation with her.


I tried to leave but she got in the way. "Honestly, I think you should be worried about the fact that you're his mate. You don't understand."


"What don't I understand?" I crossed my arms.


Her lips moved for some seconds without producing words.



"Go get ready, Maddy. We need to leave early."


"You don't understand!" She half-yelled. "There is something about him you all don't know about.There's always been something about him and our brother."



Now that brought me to a stop. My forehead crinkled with a frown as I looked at her. "Your brother? The one that's dead?"



She scoffed, like I'd said something ridiculous.


"You're right. I should go get ready." She rolled her eyes and left. In an hour time, Maddy and I were ready.


I'd tried getting her to change what she had on but she wouldn't listen. It was a mini skirt that was just above her thighs, a bra top and a jacket. Her long hair was styled into two ponytails with a pink ribbon around each. She adorned all five fingers on her left hand with small gold rings while her right wrist was filled with multiple bracelets. And of course, she had makeup on.



The girl was small in statue, and she didn't try to make it any better with her dress sense. She could easily be mistaken for a teenager, whereas she was twenty years old.



I had it in mind to go check on Jaris again, but when Maddy and I reached the staircase, I found him heading toward the door with Nerion and Kael.


We came to a stop.


A haze of confusion enveloped me when I noticed he was wearing a turtleneck shirt. What the hell? It covered his entire neck.



"G-Good morning, Alpha Jaris." I dipped my head,almost clumsily.


Maddy huffed. "Stop paying him such respect, Lyric.He's not worth it."



My eyes rounded with shock. What was wrong with her?


"And will you stop staring at me like that?" She snapped at someone.



Nerion.



He stood behind Jaris, looking smart in a black suit and hands crossed behind his back. Despite Maddy's warning, his gaze didn't falter.



"You've become like him," she said with irritation."|can't believe you used to be my friend. Make sure you stay as far away from me as possible." She stomped her foot angrily and flounced out of the room,leaving me behind. Goodness. The girl had a terrible temper.


Well, I guess she was just like her brother. Only that she was a little crazier.



"Lyric," Jaris appeared more relaxed since his sister was out. "One of the servants told me you came looking for me."



"I-" just as I opened my mouth to speak, Maddy was back in the room.



"Of course, she came to see you. Your trick is working on her, isn't it? You always make the ladies fall for you. Will you kill her like you killed the others?"



So,she stood by the door and eavesdropped?



"Maddy!" Jaris growled.



Now he was pissed.


Okay,but what was she talking about?


"Maddy, shut up and get out." It was Nerion. "Don't tell me to shut up!"


"Hey, that's enough." I ran to Maddy, holding her hand. "Go wait for me. Please."



She glared at Jaris with teary eyes before running out the door.


I brushed my fingers into my hair, feeling exhausted already.


"I'm... sorry about that." Why was I apologizing like she was my sister?


"You um... you wearing a turtleneck today." I cleared my throat.


Seriously, Lyric. The statement was odd considering what just happened.


Jaris and the others looked at me with perplexity.


"I wore a turtleneck three days ago. What's the problem?" Jaris cocked a brow at me.


He was right. Seeing him in a turtleneck wasn't something new, but of all days, did he have to wear one today again? I needed to see his neck!


"Lyric! Stop talking to them!" Maddy shouted from outside.



I bit my lip as I dipped my head once more before going out to meet her.
###Chapter 128
LYRIC



While I was worried about not seeing Jaris' neck,Maddy kept nagging about how much she hated Jaris and, surprisingly, Nerion. I had to struggle to remain focused on the road.



"He didn't even try to go after me or anything!Instead, he sided with that monster and asked me to shut up!" She fumed.


"But Kael was there as well. Why are you only angry at Nerion?" | was curious.


"That moody grouch and I had nothing in common!Nerion was my friend."


I laughed at her description of Kael. Well, that was what he looked like in the eyes of people until you actually got to know him. "He was my bestfriend." There was a small crack in her voice that made me understand she was really hurt. "Yet, he did nothing when my brother sent me away to an asylum. For five years, he stayed with Jaris and even became his head of security! He didn't come to visit me. He didn't care about me! And now, he simply asked me to shut up and get out.Because I went against the monster."


I glanced at her and was shocked to see a tear on her cheek.What the hell?



"Are you crying?"


She sniffled and carefully flicked the tear off, not wanting to ruin her makeup.


I didn't even know someone as hot-headed as her was capable of crying.


"Come on, Maddy. I'm sure there's a reason he didn't-"



"There's no reason," she spat, her mean attitude back on. "He simply didn't care about me. And nowl don't anymore."



Silence filled the car for a little while before I broke it.



"You um... mentioned something about Jaris killing someone before. Like a lover. Were you serious?"


She folded her arms and looked away, out the window.



"Maddy?"



She'd hinted at two things today that kept me on edge.Why won't she say anymore?


"I don't have anything to say to you, Lyric." Her voice was clipped.



"But-"



"It's not in my place to confess my brother's sins."She threw a heated glare at me before returning her eyes to the road.


I sighed, shaking my head. She was actually still protecting the brother she claimed she hated. The rest of the drive went on in silence; one l appreciated anyway.



By the time we reached the gift store, Maddy was completely out of her teary mood and excited to make selections.



The store was quite large with so many items, it was hard to make a choice. Maddy was so excited to shop she didn't notice the men ogling at her. Aside her dressing 'sexy', she was actually a very pretty girl. Had this cute innocent face that every man would want to claim for the first time.



And sometimes, she could really act innocent; likea virgin child.



Now, for instance, she was so happy picking out items she didn't even notice the attention she garnered.


At some point, I left her to feed her eyes while I made a call. It was Elder Mathias, and this time, fortunately,he answered.  Goodness!


"Hello? Good morning, Mr. Mathias."


"Who's this?" He was grumpy as hell.


"It's... I'm Lyric. I just wanted to ask if your wife, Mrs.Penelope was around. I've been trying to reach her but-"



"What about?" He cut me off.


"I'm sorry, but it's kind of personal."


"Well, she isn't home. She went on a trip. If you want to speak with her,you call her."


Before I could say anymore, he hung up on me.


I pulled my hair in frustration, not knowing what else to do.



So, Penelope was on a trip? She was obviously fine while I'd been worried to death trying to reach her?Wasn't it obvious I was being ignored on purpose?She was starting to make the whole thing look suspicious. I cursed under my breath as I fixed the phone into my back pocket while turning around to return to Maddy.


I released a startled gasp when I came face to face with a young lady I'd almost bumped into.


"Sorry," she smiled at me, though it was chilling."Didn't mean to scare you."


Getting over the shock, I took in her features.


She was quite tall with long slender legs and a skinny body. Although, she was skinny, she looked very strong.


She had tattoos covering her arms and the most part of her neck, extending downward and getting lost into the T-shirt she had on. I had a feeling there would be more tattoos beneath her shirt.



Coupled with the icy look in her eyes,she looked like someone very dangerous. Not the kind of person I'd want to be associated with.



"Getting gifts for someone?" She tilted her head toward Maddy. She must've seen us come in together.


"Yeah," I answered and walked past her.


"You're quite pretty."


I stopped walking and turned around to face her again. She was giving me that smile again-that cold one that sent unease down my spine.


But I had a feeling she was someone that didn't smile a lot, and right now, she was giving me her best.


"Thank you," I nodded.


"Have a name?"



I scoffed.Who wouldn't?


"I'm sorry, I have to go back." I pointed in Maddy's direction before turning around again.


"Fine if you don't wanna talk to me. I just need one more thing."


Okay. Now I was getting tired.

 
I spun around in her direction to answer her for the last time. She pulled out a folded paper from the back pocket of her jean pants. I watched with curious eyes as she unrolled it, and the moment I saw what it was, oxygen stopped flowing to my lungs.



"Have you seen this woman by any chance?"


I barely heard her above the roaring in my ears. Andl barely heard the roaring in my ears above the thundering of my heart.


My heart stopped beating, blood stopped pumping,and I went completely still.


Was this what it felt like to go into a state of shock?


I stared at the picture for what felt like an eternity, yet found it hard to accept.



I was staring at myself.


My old self.


The scarred me.



My terrified eyes flicked back to the woman. The realization settled on me like a rock hitting my brain.





She was an Executioner.


They were here in Nyxvale.
###Chapter 129 
LYRIC



"Are you...okay?" The woman asked, bringing me back to reality.


I swallowed painfully and looked around. Were there more of her?



"I'm-I'm fine."



"Okay. You haven't answered my question. Do you know who she is?"


My eyes darted back to the paper.


Then,I shrugged. "Not at all. Sorry I can't help."


Her cold gaze lingered on me. But I didn't waste any more time. I hurried back to Maddy and told her we needed to leave.
As soon as I was home and alone, I put a call through to Jace, my hands shaking as I narrated everything to him.



"They've come for me. What am I supposed to do?Who knows when they'll run into someone that knows me? Jace, I'm so scared!" I blurted so many words in seconds.



"Lyric, calm down. We don't even know if she's the only one."


"How can she be the only one? I'm sure there's more of her! D-Do you think I should run?"


The thought of running triggered a heavy weight against my chest. I wasn't ready to go.


"Just...hold on, okay? I'll go around and try to know if there are more of her. Just trust me, Lyric."


Jace spent a long time trying to convince me to stay calm. He told me I'd know as soon as he's done his findings. He wanted to know where and where they've covered so far so he knows which country we could run to.


At some point, I tearfully told him I didn't want to leave.


"You need to understand that your life is in danger,Lyric," he said the bitter truth. "If I deem it fit for us to leave as soon as I'm done with my findings, we will.And that could even be tomorrow."


When the call ended, I cried for a long time in my room.



I didn't want to leave. I wasn't ready to leave everything behind. The kids, my friends, and as crazy as it sounded, Jaris Dreadmoor.


Why was my life so different? | felt cursed.






After a couple of hours, I decided I needed a distraction to stop me from going insane. And the only person that came to mind was Jaris. To distract my mind from the Executioners, I decided to think of the fact that he was hiding something under that 
turtleneck of his.



I grabbed my keys and drove to his company,knowing that was where he'd be.


As I sped past people and buildings, I gave a thought to what my reaction would be if my suspicions turned out to be true. If Jaris was just tricking me the whole time and none of this was a dream.



What if he was behind the pills? What if...his touch and the intimacy were real? I shuddered at the thought of being lied to and used without my full knowledge. But by him. The same man whose voice sent constant warmth in my belly. His eyes did unexplainable things to me.



Honestly, I wouldn't know what my reaction would be.



And now more than ever, I was desperate to check for the color behind his neck.



Jaris owned a huge construction company-one of the biggest in the world. What was so spectacular about it was the fact that he didn't inherit it from his family but started everything from the start to finish.All by himself.


The man was a force of nature.



I was checked at the gates and quickly let in when they confirmed I was his mate.


I was beguiled as I walked into the ground floor of JD Constructions. The place was a marvel with people appearing busy and moving around in haste.


The building itself towered like a skyscraper, its stunning architecture glinting in the sunlight,creating a breathtaking silhouette against the skyline.


I stopped at the reception desk to ask for directions to his office.



"I'm sorry, ma'am, but you can't see him without an appointment," one of the receptionists said politely.


"Um... Why don't you just call and tell him it's Lyric?"


When the lady didn't seem moved, I added. "I'm his mate and Luna."


Her eyes lit up instantly, her respect coming in ten folds.



"O-Okay, ma'am. Just a second,please."


She picked up the landline and spoke to someone on the other line.



"I'm sorry | couldn't reach him, but I already reached his assistant. So, you can go up. It's on the sixth floor."



I smiled at her and left.



Taking the elevator, I reached the sixth floor, the whole time captivated by the beauty of the space.I'd only heard about the wonder that is JD Constructions, but it was my first time stepping foot in it.



There were other open-plan offices around, but it was easy spotting Jaris' as it had 'The CEO' Imprint on it. I feIt a little nervous going toward the door. What would be his reaction having me in his personal space? I didn't tell him I was coming beforehand because I didn't want him to have any clues and try to get rid of the color. Although, I didn't think that was possible. It wasn't something that'd wash off until twenty four hours.


"How can I help you?" The lady at the front desk asked. She was positioned just outside his office.


"HHi. I'm here to see Jaris Dreadmoor."


"Okay. What's your name? I need to check for your appointment." She lowered her gaze to the screen of her laptop as her fingers danced across the keyboard.


"The name is Lyric Dreadmnoor, but I don't have an appointment. I just want to see him."


Her fingers paused on the keyboard, her eyes shifting to me and taking me from head to toe.


"If you don't have an appointment, you can't see him." There was a cold finality in her v/oice.


She looked away, returning her attention to her system. I frowned at her attitude.


"Can you just tell him I'm here? He'd want to see me."Iinsisted.



My heart swelled at the conviction that Jaris would really want to see me if he knew I was here. I was sure of it.



The Assistant stopped typing again and this time appeared disturbed as she looked at me.


"Listen, I have a job here, and it doesn't involve you telling me what to do. We go by the rules here.Without an appointment, you can't see Alpha Jaris.I don't even know how you were let in here in the first place." She looked around, as if searching for security or something.


"Please, leave before I'm forced to throw you out myself."


My jaw dropped, shocked by how rude she was. How was she even an assistant to the CEO if she treated people this way?


"I'm his mate and Luna," I revealed.


I wasn't the kind of person who enjoyed using the power of her name to get things done, but they were really pushing me today.


She rolled her eyes like l'd just said something childish. "I heard your last name, and really, I don't care who you are. We stick to the rules here."


She went back to work.


I was utterly wounded, my pride crushed.


Maybe I should call Jaris.


"You say you're his mate like it's something serious,"she looked at me again, stopping me from taking my phone out. "You think we don't know your relationship with Alpha Jaris isn't all that rosy? We heard he nearly ditched you at the mating ceremony.Sorry, but I don't think you're that special."
###Chapter 130
LYRIC



My head spun.


"What the hell is your problem?" I snapped at her."Why are you so bothered by me? I mean, I'm not the reason you work here as his assistant instead of being the mate you clearly wish you were."


She glowered at me and opened her mouth to say something, but I held my finger up, halting her.


"Don't worry, I'll just call your boss to come get me himself." I retrieved my phone from my bag,trying al I could to stop my fingers from quaking from rage.



"Like he'd care," she huffed. "I'm sure Alpha Jaris would ask you to leave when he learns you're here."


l ignored her as I made the call.


It was a good thing the rest of the staff were not in the same space with us to hear the exchange. It'd be beyond embarrassing.


Fortunately, Jaris picked up.


"Lyric."


"Hi, Jaris. Would you mind stepping out of your office, please? I'm right here, but your bittered assistant wouldn't let me in." I kept my eyes on the said lady.


Jaris hesitated. Hle must be shocked that I was there and surprised that I addressed him by his name alone.


Well, I was desperate to prove to the lady that I had some sort of relationship with him.


I noticed her confidence slip when the door opened behind her. She rose to her feet immediately, turning around to face Jaris who was already stepping out of the office.



His astonished eyes locked onto mine, soaking in my every nuance with curiosity. "Lyric?" He furrowed his brows, like he wasn't sure l was actually standing in front of him.


He was still wearing the turtleneck. While he looked every bit of the Jaris we all knew, I couldn't help but notice he appeared more bossy. Something that had to do with him being the king of the place.


"Hi." I smiled at him before glaring at the assistant who appeared really stunned. What was she thinking? That Jaris would really throw me out?


"You didn't tell me you were coming," he broke the brief silence.



"I was hoping I'd surprise you. But in the meantime,could you lecture your assistant on how to deal with people? She was very rude to me. Very very rude."I glared harder at her. "As a matter of fact, she threatened to throw me out."



The lady looked like she had swallowed a ball of acid.


"l-l- actually, sir, I w-was only trying to know if she had an appointment." Jaris nodded. "I'm sure she didn't know who you were."



"Actually, she did. And she told me to my face that she didn't care. She even told me there was nothing special about me."


Now, this brought out a different reaction in Jaris. His face grew stiffened, his silver eyes holding surprise.


Anyway, I was done with her.


I started toward him so we could go into his office,but he didn't even look at me.



"Did you do that?"


I stopped, realizing he was talking to the assistant.


"I'm-I'm sorry, sir. It wasn't what I meant. I just-"


"Get Joyce to replace you. I don't want you here the next time I come out." He turned around, reaching for the door.


"No! Sir, please! I'm sorry. It's not what you think!"The lady ran toward him, but he was already in his office, closing the door behind him. She must know she wasn't supposed to go into his office because she didn't try to.


My jaw dropped in disbelief. Was he... firing her?That wasn't even my intention when I told him.


Her face covered with tears, she turned tò me."Please! Please, I'm so sorry. Help me talk to him.Please,I beg you."


She was whimpering like. a child. I couldn't believe this was the same girl that had been so sharp-mouthed.



I didn't even know what to say to her and just went into the office.



I was instantly struck by the beauty of the place.


Towering bookshelves lined the walls, with panoramic windows that bathed the room in warm golden light.


Jaris was really a king wherever he controlled. He was already in his seat, going through some files,his muscles tense. Was he angry?


"You don't have to fire her." I kept my voice low and soft. "I know she was kind of rude but, I didn't mean for her to get hurt when I told you. I thought you were only going to scold her or something."


"You don't tell me how to treat my staff, Lyric. Take a seat if you're here to see me," he snapped, his words like iced daggers, making me flinch.


Why was he so short-tempered?


As if sensing he was harsh, he took a deep breath as he looked up at me.


"Why are you here?" He sounded more relaxed.


"| was...bored."



He lifted a brow skeptically, making it evident he found the situation laughable. "Really, Lyric? You came here to see me?"



My eyes were settled on his turtleneck, wishing| could see what was beneath it.



"There are a million other things you could've done if you were really bored," Jaris said, dragging me out of my imaginary strip attempt.


An idea clicked in my head. It was a crazy one and l didn't think I could do it.


"Why can't seeing you be one of those things?"|found myself moving forward,anyway.


His eyes trained on me as I kept going forward,rounded his table until I was only inches away from him.



This was stupid. Jaris might yell at me right now and call me names, and I'll get hurt and cry. Did | really want to take the risk?



But I was desperate and didn't have a choice.


I moved to stand behind him. He cocked his head but didn't fully look at me. "What're you doing?"


I tried to say something, but my tongue wasn't as brave as my limbs. My fingers shook lightly from what I was about to do.


"Lyric?" He called when I remained silent.


Taking a deep breath, I laid my hands on his shoulders, treating him to an affectionate, soft massage.


I noticed him go rigid. My insides screamed in both joy and protest. It was the first time | was consciously touching him like this, and while I was so nervous, I couldn't deny that he felt so right in my hands.


"You must be tired." My tone was light. "This should help."


What followed was a silence steeped in nervous tension. But I found it astonishing that he still hadn't asked me to stop.


I gulped dryly as I went on with the process. After a while, I did what I had to. I slightly pulled the neck of his shirt, revealing the skin behind it.
###Chapter 131
JARIS


If I didn't know any better, I'd think this was a dream.


I knew what she was up to when she stood behind me. I knew she wanted to give me a massage-something that was beyond weird.


I wanted to stop her, except my hands didn't work with my brain.


The second her hands touched me, I was enchanted,trapped in a time and place I didn't want to escape from.



Her hands on me were divine, bringing me sensations I didn't think were possible from mere hands. How the hell was she able to do it?


So, despite how strange the situation was, despite the fact that I should've stopped her, I sat there and let her. And enjoyed it.


If I didn't know any better, I'd think she was doing this because she liked me. But I knew what she was there for. I knew the mark she was looking for. And I knew she'd gotten her answer the moment she lowered the shirt from my neck.


I kept my eyelids sealed, giving her the freedom to discover her answer.


There was no mark there. No color. And I sensed her disappointment the moment she saw it too.


She rolled the shirt up while I pretended not to notice she had dragged it down in the first place. It was a close one. Let's just say it was a good thing I woke up late today of all days. While I was dressing up, it was Kael that had noticed and pointed it out to me.


I tried washing it off but couldn't. I knew instantly that it was Lyric trying to be smart with me.


I had to make use of acid to wash it off. Yeah, fucking acid. It was painful as hell and peeled my skin. It was actually the reason I wore the turtleneck today.Hopefully, the burn would've healed up already with my Alpha blood.


I think it had. Otherwise, she'd have asked me about it.



I felt an ache when her hands dropped from my skin,indicating she was done. She walked around to stand in front of the table.


"So... that's it?" | raised an eyebrow in her direction."You came all the way here for the first time to give me a massage? I mean, don't you find that strange?"


Her eyes looked so disappointed. She couldn't even meet my gaze.


What? Had she been hoping to see the mark on me?To know it was real and not a dream?


"Well, you didn't try to stop me," she crossed her hands and shrugged as she said.


I chuckled, twirling in my seat. "How's my sister?"


Now, she looked at me, surprise in her eyes.


"So,you do care about her?"


"What makes you think I don't?"


"I don't know. You've been really cold toward her."


"Cold?" I huffed. "Do I need to remind you who it was that stabbed me with a poisonous blade?"


She twisted her lips, clearly sensing I was right.


"Maddy is a disrespectful little piece of shit. But it doesn't mean I don't care about her. Now, tell me, do you think she's getting any better?"


"Yeah." Another shrug. "I think she's pretty cool when she wants to be."



I nodded. At least, that was progress.


"Do you want a drink?" | didn't know what else was left for us to do now that she was done with her discovery. "N-No. I'm about leaving, actually."


I said nothing but kept my eyes on her. I noticed that always had a way of unnerving her.


"Goodbye, then." She turned toward the door.


"You know, Lyric, if you really want to help, there are better things you could do other than the massage."My words halted her at the door.


She turned around to face me, seeming a little nervous. "And...what could that be?"



I flicked the pen in my hand. "You should remember.I made mention of it some time ago."



She didn't seem to, her brows furrowing.


I decided to help her. "It has to do with my sex organ."


Watching Lyric blush out of embarrassment was a sight I could watch on repeat. I always enjoyed how her green eyes had this gleamn like there were stars in them, how her lips parted like they were made that way, and how her neck and cheeks reddened instantly.


I'd seen a lot of people blush, but there was always something different about Lyric's. And each time, it created a ripple of something profound within me.



"I-" She stuttered for words but in the end, no words formed.She was completely speechless.


Again, I helped her. "You know, you were supposed to provide me with some treatment before we grew distant. I want to believe the treatment is still available."



"It isn't," she rushed the words out.


There was something she was desperately hiding.I had a feeling it had to do with intimacy.



But I needed this. Perhaps, if I could enjoy intimacy with other women, I wouldn't be stuck with her.


"Well, won't you give it a try, at least?"


Before she could reply, my phone vibrated in my pocket,distracting us.


I thought of ignoring it, but when I saw it was Aris,one of my Pack's security men, I took it.


Lyric took a deep breath as she looked away,obviously relieved that I was distracted by something. Well, she was joking if she thought I was done with this conversation.



"What is it?" I rasped as soon as Itook the call.


"Sorry for disturbing, Alpha Jaris. But we found some of them. Feeders."







In less than forty minutes, I was at the location Aris sent me, together with Kael and Nerion.


There were by the roadside, although the area was deserted.



On the floor were six dead people. I recognized two of them to be members of my Pack. The other four,I didn't need anyone to tell me they were Feeders. " thought you said they were alive," I gritted the words at Aris who was standing beside the bodies with eight other of his men. My men, actually.


"That one was," he pointed at one of the bodies."had no idea they had a pill under their tongue. He swallowed it and choked while you were on your way.There was nothing I could do to help."


He killed himself to protect 'him'?



"I'm sorry, Alpha. I couldn't even get any answers from him before he died."


I brushed my fingers into my hair, my frustration mounting. Where the fuck was he?



Since the attack on Lyric, security had been doubled.Now, I had men scouting the area from time to time to ensure none of my people fell victims again.


It was the second time my men were killing the Feeders. But that was the problem-they always ended up dead.

 
The Feeders were deadly. One bite on you and that was it. They'd suck you off before you even get the time to react.


As a result, it was difficult to take them down without killing them. I honestly didn't know what to do anymore.


Where was my asshole of a brother? I knew this was all his doing. Fuck, he was definitely the one who murdered the Alpha King. It'd explain why the person in the footage looked familiar and how he knew all the ins and outs of the House.


But I didn't get it. Why would he kill King Thaddeus?Why had he been in the shadows all this time? What was he playing at?


Whatever this was, I didn't like it. I felt this creeping sensation behind my neck that told me something unpleasant was coming.
###Chapter 132
LYRIC



Finally, the day we've all been waiting for.


I was at my busiest, checking the staff to make sure they were doing all they were supposed to.Checking the decorations going on in the field to ensure every design was just in place.


It was quite hectic, but hell, I loved it!


It was my first time getting involved in a kid's party,and there was a certain joy it brought me.



I ran to the room to check how the kids were doing.The room was busy with people moving about,grabbing things, fixing things. Xylon was already getting dressed while Xyla was still getting her hair styled.



"By the Moon, you aren't done with her?" I let out a gasp directed at the stylis


"I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm almost done. Just three more minutes," the woman dipped her head as her fingers moved faster.



"Aunty, how do I look?!" Xyla trilled with delight.



I rushed to place my hands on her shoulders.darling,you look magnificent!"



"Magfi-Mani..." I laughed as she tried to pronounce the big word.



"And me?" The sound of Xylon's voice ignited a cozy warmth within my heart.



I went to him, dropped to a crouch and cupped his soft cheeks. "You are the most handsome man on the planet."



He lowered his eyes and giggled. For the love of the moon, I could listen to Xylon's giggles all day and still wouldn't be satisfied. I always enjoyed seeing h10W the tip of his nose turned slightly pink. I stood by and watched as the stylist dressed him up.When he finished, he picked up Xylon's box of jewelry.


He selected a square-shaped magnetic earring.


"Don't you think the other one will be best?" I pointed at the round shape.


The stylist looked at it and nodded. "I think you're-"


"What makes you think you can make decisions for my kids?"


Everyone paused when we heard the voice.



My heart jumped into my throat as I turned to the door and found Marta making her way in.



She seemed dressed for the party-wearing a long purple dress that swept the floor behind her.Her hair was sleek and fell smoothly on her back. Her makeup was dark and just perfect.



Well,Marta Monroe looked fucking gorgeous tonight.

She should be. She was the mother of the celebrants.



"I asked a question," her voice was clipped. "What're you even doing here?"


I looked around, glancing at the workers who were trying and failing to mind their business. Then, I gave her a questioning look of 'what're you doing?'



Please, Marta. Not today. Not here.


She flicked her gaze down to my feet, then up to my face and scoffed. "Look at you, being all busy while everyone else is getting ready. Someone could easily mistake you for the mother of the kids."


"Well, I was just trying to help," I tried to keep the bitterness out of my voice.


She looked past me, at Xylon and the stylist. "Go with the square shape."


I wanted to roll my eyes. Why was she being so dramatic?



She must know the circle earring was better,but anything to go against me.


Well, I didn't say anything to her. Today was a special day and I wasn't about to let her ruin it for me or the kids.



"But, mummy, don't you think aunty Lyric is right? |also think the other one would be better on Xylon,"Xyla said from her seat, staring at us through the mirror.



The look Marta gave her could have annihilated her if looks could kill. She seemed to hold back her retort because of the people around.


"Mummy always knows best, Xyla." As she said this,she kept her eyes on me, a malicious glint in them."You should always listen to me, your mum."


I rolled my eyes and scoffed. The girl was utterly shameless. She didn't even care that there were people in the room with us that could spread rumours.



"Relax, Marta. Nobody's dragging your mummy title with you," I said, getting ready to leave. "It's normal for people to actually like others. And me still being undressed while others were getting ready should actually worry you instead of making you jealous.I mean, the whole time, you were busy taking care of your looks while someone else was looking after your kids."



Her jaw was set in a frown, and an airy feeling settled softly in my heart. Well, if she wanted to be dramatic in front of strangers, I wouldn't be the one they refer to as the quiet one.



I walked out of the room, refusing to let Marta's words hurt any further.



Reaching my room, I finally showered and got ready.



I already called in a hair stylist and a makeup artist.Simultaneously, they worked on my appearance.


By the time I was done and staring at my reflection in the mirror, I was wholly fascinated.


"You look so gorgeous, ma'am," the hairstylist beamed and even clapped his hand.


It drew a chuckle from me.



The event was already starting. I could hear the music coming from the field.



I settled the stylist and makeup artist and was about to leave myself when a painful thought crossed my mind.



The Executioner.



I was still yet to hear from Jace. Since the previous day, I'd been trying to occupy my mind with other things so I don't think of the impending doom coming my way.


Even now, I shut my eyes and shook the thought off.Today was a special day. I could worry about my problems tomorrow.



I made my way out of the room and came face to face with Luna Isolde at the door.


I muttered an expression under my breath, shocked from just randomly bumping into her.


"Greetings, Luna." I dipped my head.


She was dressed like a Queen that she was,everything about her appearance regal.


Luna Isolde was mostly quiet around here. If she wasn't out shopping with friends, she'd be on a vacation or on some sort of trip. The woman didn't have anything else that bothered her.


But what was she doing in my room today?
###Chapter 133
 LYRIC



"How're you doing, Lyric?" The frostiness in her tone didn't make it seem like she actually cared.


The woman was naturally cold and intimidating-something that proved she was the mother of Jaris.


"I'm doing just great, Luna. And you?"|added the last words hesitantly.


As expected, she didn't answer that.


"It seems...you and Jaris are getting along well."


My forehead creased as I met her gaze.


"I notice the cheerfulness between you two these days. Yesterday, you even visited him at his office."She scoffed."How cute."



Okay.What was she driving at? "Is...there a problem, Luna?"


"Of course, not." She shrugged. "I just hope you stil remember what your deal is with Jaris. This whole thing-it's fake. It's a contract. And in less than eleven months from now, it's all goingto end." Her words pushed my beating organ deep into my lower belly, tying my tongue as well.


I didn't understand. She came all the way to say that to me?



What was it with everyone and wanting to get me upset today?


"I know," I mumbled, keeping my head low.


While I could talk back at Marta and anyone else, it'd be a grave mistake talking back at someone like Luna Isolde. She'd been a lioness in her time. And while she might be older, I feared she still had some of that fierceness in her.



I felt her gaze linger on my form. 
"Good," she muttered, and the sound of her heels announced her departure.







An unpleasant bitterness curled on my tongue,reaching down to my gut.


After trying not to let anyone ruin my mood, Luna Isolde succeeded.


'It's fake.' 'It's a contract.


The words were haunting. They were what people would call the bitter truth.


Jaris and I weren't meant to be. The dreams I had with him were fake. The butterflies that always filled my heart each time I saw him were fake. The warmth that consistently welled up in my lower belly every time I watched him laugh couldn't happen anymore,because this was a contract. And Jaris Dreadmoor was never meant to be mine.



I walked into the field filled with distinguished guests.

There were a lot of kids around as they'd asked all the guests to come with their kids. Even the people from the twins' school were invited.



The party itself dazzled with unparalleled grandeur.Everything looked just like it was supposed to.



I tried to keep a smile on my face as I walked in.I struggled to silence the torturous rhythm of my heart, but it thudded on with a lot of words getting to me.



I was a Siphon who had an Executioner on her tail.I also had an insane woman always rubbing it on my face that I was someone who liked kids but didn't have any.



And now, a Luna wwho just reminded me that I was nothing but a contracted Luna.


My steps faltered when I caught sight of Jaris.


My heart....it did that thing again. That thing that always made me melt completely at the sight of him.



It's fake, Lyric. It's a contract. However, it was hard to focus on that when he stood there, looking like a god on earth. Everything about him was perfect-his black suit, the silver earring on one ear, the designer watch he had around his wrist,and down to the glass of champagne he had in one hand.



Everything might be fake, but I'd never seen a more charming male like Jaris Dreadmoor.


I forced myself to keep walking. I needed to check in on the caterer's spot.


But when I got to where he was, he noticed me,andl didn't miss the way his eyes lit up.



"Hey," he gave me a small smile.


His gaze traveled from my head to my toe before he shook his head. "Wow. You're... stunning."


Please, stop talking. Please, stop talking. It was harder to focus when he talked like that.



"Thanks," I gave a nod. He kept his eyes on me as he drank slowly from his glass. And somehow, that was hot in a kind of way.



"I know you've been greatly involved with the kids.Thank you, Lyric." He tipped his glass toward me.


My heart fluttered. At least someone was happy I was helping with the kids.


My phone vibrated in my purse. I took it out and found Maddy's name on it.



"Lyric, where are you?" She sounded slightly frantic.


"I'm at the field.Why?"


"I need you to come over. I'm in my room.Now."



I went as fast as I could.



I thought I'd find her in a distraught phase or something, but she was just there-looking like a princess in a castle.


"Oh, my goodness! Maddy, you look-"


"How do I look?" She cut me off in a high voice, her eyes bright with excitement.


"Well, I just was about to say that. You look dazzling."


"A-Are you sure?"


"Of course! Takea look at yourself."



Her dress was a red one with off-shoulders and a slit by the side. She looked way better than when she was dressed like a teen. At least, her heels even gave her some height.


"I need to be perfect, Lyric. You know I'll be meeting a lot of people I haven't seen in a while. Plus, I need to make a good impression as an aunt. It's the first of their parties I'm attending."


She looked so nervous.


I went closer, taking her hand in mine. "Don't sweat it, Maddy. You're a damsel right now. You should see what I see."


She gave me a small anxious smile. "Are you sure?"


"The moon forbid I'd be lying to you." I tilted my head at the door."Come on."



We walked out to the field together. Maddy kept holding my hand so tight like it was her lifeline.I wasn't used to seeing her this nervous. I thought she should be used to public gatherings or something?


We greeted some guests and took some drinks.


"See? Everyone adores you," I whispered in her ear,earning me a giggle.


Her smile dropped when she spotted someone. I saw it too.Nerion.



He was walking with a lady, coming our way.


I noticed Maddy go tense beside me.



Right now, Nerion looked nothing like the head of security. He looked like one of the distinguished guests who we were all honored to have in our midst.


And who was the lady beside him?


Maddy kept her eyes on the floor as they walked past us. But I kept looking and noticed Nerion's gaze linger on her.


"He's gone," I felt the need to whisper to her so she could straighten her neck at least.


She balled her hands into fists. "He's an asshole."



I chuckled.



"A backstabber."



Wow.



"The kind of human everyone should avoid."



"Maddy."


"He's such a snake. You'll think he's gentle and cares about you, but he'll strangle you when you least expect."



"Hey," I placed my hands on her shoulders. "Today's a special day for us, Maddy. Don't let Nerion or anyone else ruin it for you, okay?"


I watched her bite the inside of her cheeks. But eventually, she nodded and seemed calmer. We got to the most important part-the arrival of the celebrants.



Everyone stood quietly with smiles on as we watched the twins come up at the entrance, looking like a little prince and princess.



Their outfits had been made to match, and I don't think I'd ever seen more adorable kids.



A cool sound was put on as they walked down the aisle.



"They lookadorable!" Maddy chirped, clapping her hands.



"More than adorable."



My eyes glistened with tears I fought to hold back.


Xylon was wearing a customized suit that had the same designs as his sister's long red dress. She even had a small crown on her head.


The guests cooed and made lovely sounds as they walked through. They waved at Maddy and I when they reached our line.


"They waved at me!" Maddy squealed happily, like a kid. "Look, Lyric! We're even wearing matching outfits!" She pointed at her own red dress.


"Right!" | laughed.


Reaching the end of the aisle, Jaris and Marta joined them, taking their hands and leading them to their seats.


Something tugged in my heart at the sight.


Everyone gave a rousing applause for them.


My eyes darted through the crowd and something gripped my attention.


Not something;someone.


I narrowed my eyes, trying to get a better look.


But then, Maddy tapped me to ask something, and when I looked again, the person was gone.


I shook my head, not able to make sense of it.I thought I saw someone familiar among the guests,but I must've been mistaken.



Everyone took their seats as a welcome speech was given by Marta, and afterward, the main event kicked off.



Activities were introduced by the MC, including some games for the kids around.


For hours, we laughed, clapped and commented on the numerous activities.



My eyes were majorly on Xylon and Xyla the whole time. I couldn't get enough of how red their faces were as they had fun with the things taking place.


Jaris and Marta sat closeby, their faces beaming with pride.I smiled wistfully. The joy of parenthood. I hope I get to experience it someday.


A while later, the kids were called to dance on stage.I was surprised at how good of a dancer Xylon was.His moves were a little too smooth for someone his age. Xyla was simply having fun and kept giggling at her clumsy steps. Compared to Xylon, she wasn't that good. But I wasn't even sure she noticed or cared.


When they finished with the dance, it was time for them to play a game.


"Listen up, kids," the MC addressed them. "This game needs to be played with you and two adults.Xylon, I'll need you to pick a man of your choice to be your partner, and Xyla, you pick a woman. You can choose mummy and daddy if you want. Do you understand?"



They nodded ecstatically and went their separate ways.


I was eager for the game. I was sure it was going to be between Jaris and Marta. However, I was surprised when I noticed Xyla wasn't going toward her mother.



Everyone watched in anticipation, thinking maybe she was coming to pick them. It came as a big shock when she stopped in front of me, holding out her hand.



"I want you to be my partner, aunty Lyric!"
###Chapter 134
LYRIC



My lips parted in disbelief. Around us, gentle cooS echoed.



I looked at Xyla in complete awe, surprised that she actually picked me.



"Oh, dear," I placed one hand on my chest as I took her small hand in mine. "Thank you for giving me the honour."



As I approached the stage with her, my eyes inevitably darted to Marta. Her jaw twisted from side to side, her expression sour. She looked like she wanted to strangle someone.



Well, I didn't ask for it.


My eyes fell on Jaris as Xyla and I rescued the stage.

Xylon had chosen him, so they were both standing beside us.


"Good pick, damsel. You chose your daddy's mate,"the MC commended.



The rules of the game were communicated to us.


It was a silly game about inflating balloons with the mouth. Jaris and I would be given separate bowls of six balloons. We were to blow air into each of them to inflate them and pass it to the kids who were to run and keep it in a basket across from us. Winning depended on how fast we could inflate the balloons,and how fast the kids could run each time to drop it in the basket.



"You could just give up, you know? It'd be sad to win you in front of all these people," Jaris said with a cocky smile, his voice low enough for only me and the kids to hear.


I snorted. "With all due respect, this isn't the Alpha's trial where you showcase muscles and all. Do you know how many times I played this game wvhen I was a kid? I'm sure you can't relate because you were too busy growing into a grumpy man."


He lowered his head and chuckled, the sound rolling deeply in my belly.


"How about this," he seemed to think for a moment."If you get to win, I owe you a gift. But if I get to win,"he tsked, shaking his head. "Trust me, you wouldn't like the outcome, Lyric."


Hm. A smile spread on my lips, warmth spreading all over my heart.


"It's a deal,then."


"Are you ready?!" The MC called out.


"Aunty Lyric, we can do it. I'm a fast runner!" Xyla beamed with joy.


"Liar!" Xylon huffed at her.


The MC blew a whistle, indicating the start of the game.Separate bowls with balloons were brought to Jaris and l.


Without wasting any time, I picked the first one and blew as hard as I could. When it was inflated, I knotted the tip and I handed it to Xyla who ran s fast as she could.


As she did, I picked up the second balloon and blew again. I avoided looking at Jaris and Xylon, deciding to focus on my own task.


Before I knew it, I was on the last balloon. I knotted the tip and handed it to Xyla.


That was when I looked at Jaris. He was still blowing air into his balloon with Xylon waiting in front of him.I couldn't see into his bowl to know if it was the last one or not, but at least Xyla was already ahead.


"Come on, Xyla!" I cheered.


By the time Jaris finished with the balloon in his hand and handed it to Xylon, Xyla was already dropping her last one in the basket.



"Yes!" | screamed as everyone cheered and clapped around us.



"We have a winner!" The MC declared. Xyla ran to me, almost making me stumble back she she crashed into me.


"We did it, aunty Lyric! We did it!" She squealed with happiness, her tiny arms wrapped around me as she placed her head on my waist.


I laughed so hard, my stomach bubbling with joy.


I winked at Jaris who shook his head in defeat.


I felt a little worried as I looked at Xylon, expecting to find him sad or something. But to my surprise, he was actually laughing.


Such maturity for a kid his age. He didn't pick offense at losing.


"You see? I told you we'll win!" Xyla poked her tongue at him.


"Just lucky," he told her.


I moved closer to Jaris. "You better startthinking of something nice, Alpha Jaris," I whispered in his ear just before the MC came to pull Xyla and I away to properly declare us winners.






The party containers smoothly. There was a lot to eat and drink, plus unlimited entertainment on stage.


Maddy was trying to blend in with the crowd.People kept complimenting and welcoming her, and I liked how happy she was.


Everything was going fine. Until it wasn't. Until my eyes ran into someone I wished I hadn't seen.


My stomach churned, everything I just ate at the party threatening to spill out.


Standing across from me, lost in the guests was the Executioner from the previous day. The one I'd seen at the mall.


My feet wobbled as fear so deep ran through me.lt was a kind of fear I hadn't felt before.
###Chapter 135
LYRIC



| realized I hadn't been mistaken when | spotted someone familiar fromn the crowd. It was her.


And even now, she was staring at me, giving me that chilling look, letting me know she could see me.


What was she doing here? How did she get an invite?



Unlike the previous day, she was wearing a long pretty dress. The tattoos on her arms and neck made her look fierce in a dress that should've made her look like a Princess.



The dress didn't even look fitting on her.She looked like she'd be way better in jeans or whatever she wore at the mall yesterday.


I broke our contact, attempting to distract myself with something. But it wasn't possible. Not when l had a killer in front of me. A killer who was out to get me.



But was it possible she knew who I was already? Was that the reason she was here?



I took a deep breath, trying and failing to calm the storm in my heart.


I needed to know if she was here for me. If she was, l was dead anyway. So, why don't l just risk it?


There was only one way to find out.


Grabbing my purse, I walked out of the field, toward the guest building.



The place was quiet since everyone was out there in the field. I walked down the hallway leading to the restroom, my heart quickening in my chest. I was taking a huge risk, but I didn't have much of a choice.It was the only way I could know if I was safe or not.


I reached the restroom and waited, my hands shaking around the vanity. My breath hitched when l heard calm footsteps. It kept getting closer. And closer. Until I could see her behind me through the mirror.



Her eyes twinkled like frozen lakes as they pinned me with a stare, her hands crossed behind her back at the doorway.


She looked so lethal. It was unnerving to know this very woman and many more like her were after me.


It was hard, but I forced myself to remain calm as l turned to her.


"Are you here to use the restroom or you just following me around?" | was proud at how even my voice came out.



I didn't sound scared, but only I knew how much I was shaking inside.


Her answer didn't come immediately. She starved me with it, her cold gaze doing wicked things to my already terrified heart.


"Do you think there's a reason I should be following you around?" She finally said, tilting her head to the side.


"You tell me. I saw you yesterday and today you're here. How did you get an invite?" Because | was damn sure Jaris wouldn't invite an Executioner to his kids' party.


There was a brief silence between us. Then, she stepped into the room, making it all worse.


I swallowed hard, my hands gripping the vanity where my waist leaned against.


"You are a very pretty lady, Lyric."


My heart skipped two beats. She knew my name.


"Yesterday, I didn't approach you merely because wanted to ask you about the picture. It was because l was interested in you."


Interested?



My brows furrowed, not getting what she meant.


"It's been a long time since I came across someone as beautiful as you," she explained. "And the moment I saw you, I was curious to know how you'd taste."


Understanding rained on me.


She was into girls. And...she had been into me?



"But then, you wouldn't even talk to me. So,decided to ask you a different question. And while you gave me an answer..." two more steps toward me."...you must have not known who I was."


She held my gaze with a fervor that set my heart racing.



If it was possible to retreat any further into the vanity I'd have so. Because I didn't like the fact that she was coming too close to me.


"Because if you'd known who I was..." she was only inches away from me now Somehow, I couldn't stop staring into her dark eyes. "...you'd have known that my kind is capable of detecting when someone tells a lie." She narrowed her eyes, as if looking deeper into mine. "It's as easy as readinga paper under sunlight." Oh,gods.


"Which is the reason I'm here today. Because clearly,Lyric Harper,you know something about the girl in the picture."


I wasn't sure my heart was beating anymore. It didn't even feel like I was alive for a few seconds.


It took me a moment to accept it. That I was doomed.I'd finally met my nemesis.


My mask of confidence had long slipped from the moment she started walking toward me like a predator. My defenses were down. There was a thin line between me standing here being held captive by her eyes and running out the door for help.


But who would help me? If they get to know who l was, they'd gladly let the Executioner have my head.


"| don't know what you're talking about." I gulped hard.


She observed me for a moment, clearly seeing through my lies again. "You're making a huge mistake lying to me, Lyric. You have no idea how dangerous this lady is. She's been on our radar for years now, and believe me,you don't want to know how desperate my colleagues and | are to get her." Sh took one more step closer. "Obstacles will definitely be dealt with."


"I don't have anything to say to you!" I rasped."don't know who you are and honestly don't care.Why don't you just stay away from me?"



I tried to leave but she stood in my way, her gaze growing colder. Her voice, when she spoke, was even icier.



"Lyric Harper," she tsked. "Believe me when I say you wouldn't want my colleagues down here with you.The torture you'd get from them just to uncover the truth would be inhuman. You have a pretty face; it'd be quite a shame to see it ruined."


I wouldn't be surprised if I was making it easier for her to actually see I was lying. I was rattling from head to heels. Okay. Maybe I should shout for help or something.


"All I have to do is give them a call," she continued,sending more dread down my spine. "Tell them l've got a clue. You'd be amazed how soon they'd get here."



Okay. So, she hadn't told any of her colleagues about me yet.


That didn't make me feel better, though. I was still a trembling mess.


"Oh, Lyric," her voice took on a lighter tone as she closed up the remaining distance between us. Her hand reached out to grab some strands of my hair,and she had this loving gaze as she rolled the strands around her index finger.


"From how much you're shaking, I'd bet you'd be the fun type in bed. You know, I love it when my women are like this." Her lips lifted slightly, breaking into a cold smile.



Was this funny to her? She was having fun while I was dying inside?


"The girl I'm looking for," she withdrew her hand as she turned away, pacing the bathroom with her hands now behind her back. "Her name is Marie Grimvale."



I struggled with another hoarse gulp, relieved that she wasn't looking at me. If I could slip my phone out of my purse or something...


I wasn't surprised that they thought that was my name. I got that job after I lost my kids and wanted a fresh start. So, I picked a new name. Now, I couldn't be more grateful | did.


"That is what everyone calls her, but somehow," she stopped in front of the door, her back still to me. "I have this burning instinct within me that tells me that was never her real name."


She shrugged. "She didn't strike me like a Marie Grimvale kind of person. And what if...just what if,"She turned partially to cock her head at me. "She's gotten rid of her scar? You know, since we're looking for her."
###Chapter 136 
LYRIC


That was it. I lost it.


The last thread of my control.


My breathing got uneven as I tried and failed to suppress my tears. One came running effortlessly.


The Executioner turned fully to face me, wearing a smile. I wouldn't be surprised if she was amused by my tears.


"So, what's it going to be, Lyric?" She walked back to me. "Are you going to tell me what you know? Or should I go ahead and inform my colleagues?"


Neither of the options was better. There was no way l was letting her leave when she already had her suspicions.


Amidst my fear and tears, something struck me.Her colleagues didn't know | existed. So, if she didn't report to them, they'd be entirely clueless.


I gulped with a flutter of nerves. What if... what if l could Siphon her memories? She wouldn't remember seeing me and won't be able to expose me to the others. It'll give me enough time.


"Lyric, it'd be a shame to do this the wrong way..."She went on talking while I zoned out.


I observed our proximity. She was close enough for my hand to wrap around hers. Based on the research I'd been making, I should be able to do this.


My heart was beating worse than it had been moments ago. It was thumping so hard against my ribcage.


Think, Lyric. Think.


I bit the inside of my cheeks, my eyes zeroing in on her lips as they moved, her neck, and down to the hand I needed to hold.



"Okay, then," she shrugged with finality. "Let's do this your way."


She turned away from me,heading for the door.


| stopped thinking and acted. My hand shot out,grabbing her strong one. It was so cold in my hand.


She whipped around at me, but before she could react, I dug my nails into the skin of her wrist and focused like the research said.



She winced immediately, but the effect must have taken place on her as she couldn't seem to fight me.


Wow.Seeing someone as strong as she was grunting this way in pain didn't seem real.


I didn't exactly know if I was doing it right, but | felt the energy leaving her hand and going into mine.


It was clearly working. She kept grunting in pain and couldn't fight back.


Her knees buckled until they gave out, hitting the floor. In that moment, seeing her on her knees in front of me, it gave me a kind of thrill. The Executioners were deadly people. Yet, before me,this very one was defenseless.


It made me feel powerful.


For a moment, I was lost in the thrill of it, not even hearing the lady's painful grunts.


I kept going and going, not knowing when to stop.Until she passed out in front of mne.


I released her wrist as I stepped back with a gasp.


My emotions and reasoning clicked into place. My lips shook and I had it bitedown on it.


Okay. Was she supposed to pass out?


I took in her form. The place where my nails dug into was there, little drops of blood all over the wrist.


But what bothered me the most was the paleness of her face. Was it normal to look that way after losing your memories? How was I even sure the process worked?


I took a hard gulp, looking around like there was someone else in the bathroom with me. Of course,there wasn't.



I tried to steady my own breathing as I checked her respiratory rate. Dread settled low in my stomach when I couldn't see anything.


Okay. Just calm down, Lyric and check properly.She must definitely have a heartbeat.


Dropping to my knees, I took her blood-free hand and checked her pulse. Mine beat louder, contrasting the quietness I felt in hers.


The two fingers I placed on her wrist were starting to shake so terribly. I couldn't... I couldn't feel a pulse.


"No," I muttered to myself, shaking my head. "No..."


I took her bloodied wrist to check but got the same result. No pulse.



I dropped the hand so quickly like it burned, my own pulse running too fast.


She couldn't be... she couldn't be dead. It couldn't have killed her.


"Please, wake up," I gently touched her head, afraid I'd break her further if I touched her roughly. "Please.Please."



Fear tasted like acid on my tongue. It burnt the back of my throat, forcing me to scratch it.


My lids grew heavy with sweat as reality slowly began to settle in.


I just killed someone.



I wanted to Siphon her memories and ended up killing her.



I rose to my feet on shaky legs, unable to think clearly.


However, when I heard a sound just outside the door,it helped me with a little reasoning. A new sense of fear.


My eyes widened as I listened to the running footsteps. No!



I ran out of the restroom, my eyes darting down the passage, but I couldn't see anyone.


I ran farther, going out to the main exit. Still nothing.Whoever it was, they were gone. They saw me, and now they were gone.


My throat grew thick. I noticed too late that I wanted to retch and ended up throwing up on the floor.


I bent in half, my hands over my knees for support.Tears spilled down my cheeks as I threw up everything I had from the party.


My head ached.


"What do I do? What do I do?" I repeated in a whimper, itching my scalp with both hands.


There was a corpse in the bathroom. Someone had seen or heard us and I didn't even know who it was.And here I was, ruining the floor with my vomit.


I couldn't do this. I ran out the door, ignoring the field and heading straight to the main house.


As soon as I was in the confines of my room, I pulled at my hair and screamed. I screamed so hard my lungs hurt.


It was a good thing everyone was at the field and there was no one to hear me.



The terror of everything that just happened.weighed heavily on me.


I killed an Executioner.


But that was never my intention. I only wanted to erase her memories. I thought I could. How did she end up dead?


Oh,gods.How do l dispose of the body? Who was it that heard us?



I was doomed. Finally, I was doomed.


I needed help.


I thought of calling Jace but quickly decided against it. Jace would be mad at me and might not want to help me. He warned me not to make the research.Maybe I should've listened. Maybe I wouldn't have killed someone tonight. Now that she was dead, her people would definitely come to know what happened.


"I didn't have a choice!" | cried out, like there was someone in the room to hear me. "She'd have exposed me. She'd have exposed me."


I crashed on the floor, weeping profusely


Gods, I was so so scared. Maybe it was time to leave.


No. I needed to take care of the body first.


But how do I dispose of the body when there was a party taking place in the field?


But it was in the restroom. Anyone could walk in on it and freak out. The party would have to come to an end.



Oh, gods; the kids had waited so long for this day and I was just about to ruin it with someone's death. How would they feel knowing that someone died on their sixth birthday? Right in their party?


I couldn't do this to them.



I wiped my face, arranged my hair and left the room.My breathing was a little too loud.


I could take the body elsewhere, keep it hidden until the party was over.


I could-



My thoughts came to a halt as did my feet whenl noticed a gathering around the guest house.


No.



No no no.


Please, don't tell me.


I swallowed hard as I hastened my steps, my stomach churning like it was about to release more vomit.



I made my way through the mumbling crowd and into the house. My puke was still there at the entrance,feeling me with revulsion.


But that wasn't even the worst part. It was my fear being confirmed as I noticed the gathering extending to the restroom.



They'd seen the body.
###Chapter 137
LYRIC



For a moment too long, I was frozen, not knowing how else to proceed.


Maybe I should turn around and leave. What if the corpse manages to speak and expose me?


I knew it sounded stupid. But I wasn't joking when l said I wasn't thinking straight.


I pushed myself forward. It was better if I knew what their thoughts were. At least, that way I'd know how to proceed with myself.


Getting to the entrance, I found all the people | knew in there, Jaris being at the forefront. The body was still there, a painful reminder of the life I'd taken.


"What are those marks on her wrist?" Luna Isolde asked. Jaris crouched to touch it. Judging by the look on his face,he had no idea about it.


He turned to some of the guards beside him. "Take care of the body and find out who she was."


At that moment, I couldn't express how grateful I was that there were no cameras in this part of the Pack.The guest house was hardly used.


The guards nodded as Jaris walked away, coming toward the door. He paused when he noticed me.



I took a dry gulp, praying I wasn't looking too nervous.


"Wh-What happened?" | inquired.


He sighed as he glanced back at the body. "We don't know yet. Somebody came to use the restroom and found her this way. I don't even know how she got an invite and made it here."



I couldn't say anything, not even some pretentiously shocked words. My throat was too heavy. "It's a good thing the kids are not here," I managed to say after a while, my gaze lowering to the floor.


"Yeah."



He took a step past me.


"I'm sorry." The words were out before | could catch them.



He stopped, turning back at me. "What for?"


For being responsible for the corpse in front of you.For being a murderer. For ruining the party. For being something you hate.


Instead of saying the true words, I went for something that wasn't quite far from the truth. "The party.It's ruined."


He shrugged. "It's sad, actually."


His phone rang in his pocket. When he took it out and saw the caller, his expression warped.


Who was calling? Did it have to do with me? Gods, I was paranoid.


"Excuse me," he muttered and left.



Returning to the room, I salt-scrubbed, wanting to rid myself of the invisible blood and guilt.


I felt so dirty. So evil. The Executioner might have been after my life, but never did I think I was going to take someone's life so soon.



Jace was right.


No, everyone was right. My kind was dangerous.


****++****+



JARIS



I was beyond pissed, and it was great work trying to keep my calm considering the guests present.


We'd spent so long planning this party. Only for it to be ruined by a strange death. Who dared to commit a murder on my kids' birthday? Right now, I wanted nothing more than to strangle the life out of them, if only I could see them. I went to a less noisy place to take Elder Luca's call.


Before I could say a word, his panicked voice reached me.



"Alpha Jaris, you need to come over here. Right now."



My brows furrowed. It was the first time Luca was sounding this way, like he had just finished fighting for his life.



"Why? What's going on?"


"It's not something I can say on the phone. I need you at the Capital, Jaris. We need to see you right now."



Damn it. I hated being kept in suspense.


I tried getting some answers out of him but he wouldn't budge. So, I was forced to arrange for a quick flight to the Capital.


The Capital was only forty minutes away by air.I'd be there in no time. But the night wasn't going as expected.


I let my beta and head of security get transportation ready while I went to check on Lyric. She didn't look fine when I saw her earlier in the restroom.



I knocked on her door and while I waited, my mind helplessly drifted to the time I went into her room without knocking.



Wet hair.



Wet legs.


The shock in her eyes.


But most importantly, the beauty of her flawless body.


The whole image was still very clear in my head.I smiled at the memory.


I frowned when I noticed she still hadn't opened up.


I knocked again. "Lyric?"


The door slowly opened. She looked and smelt fresh, like someone that just had a bath. Her hair was wet to prove that, although she was wearing a pair of jeans and a black top.


"Hey," I leaned against the doorframe, my hands tucked into my pockets. "You okay?"


She hesitated before nodding. The bridge of her nose was pink. Had she been crying?


"You sure?" | cocked my head, not liking the look of this one bit.


"Yeah, I'm just... I'm just having some headache.I'll be fine." Her eyes were stuck on the floor.


I let my gaze linger on her before nodding.


"I have to fly to the Capital." There was a slight pause. "Would you like to come with me?"


Her eyes moved from the floor to my face.My heart felt the sting of a thousand thorns when I saw the sadness in her eyes. I'd come to realize that seeing Lyric Harper sad was one of the sights I couldn't bear. I couldn't believe I just asked her to accompany me to the Capital. For some reason, I think it'd feel good if she kept me company.


"I-" Her eyes were back on the floor. "I'm sorry, I can't make it."



Disappointment pressed down on my chest. 1couldn't bring myself to ask what the reason was.


"Okay." I stepped back. "See you then."


Her gaze met mine yet again, her eyes now glistening with an even deeper shade of sadness. It looked like she wanted to say something else. To change her mind,maybe?


But she just kept staring at me and didn't say a word until I turned around and left.
###Chapter 138 
LYRIC



Luna Isolde was right.


Jaris and I could never be a thing.


I couldn't put a name to what we had between us of recent, but I was sure it could never go beyond this.We could never have real feelings for each other.



As I shut the door after his departure, I slid to the floor and wept.



It hurt that maybe; just maybe my life would've been different if I wasn't 'this.



Perhaps, I'd have been able to accompany him to the Capital and even get to know what the problem was.



I'd have kept him company while he navigated whatever challenges he was going to deal with. Maybe we would've cracked a joke or two and shared a laugh.


Maybe, just maybe, we'd have even held hands at some point.


But none of it could be real.


I was a dangerous forbidden thing; a murderer.



I needed to be far from him and everyone else.


I wiped my face as I got on my feet.


My handbag was already set. Since the place was still full and busy, I didn't want to risk moving around with luggages to avoid drawing attention. So, I only took my essentials and fitted them into my big hand bag.



A while later and I was out of my room. I was sure Jaris must've left already.


I couldn't even say goodbye to the kids, and I hated myself for it. I couldn't face them; not with what I'd just done. I got into my car and hit the road, the tears flowing as I controlled the steering.







I didn't even know where exactly to go. But my major plan was finding somewhere else to spend the night.Then by morning, I'd book a flight to a different country.A human one.


Maybe I'd be lucky and the Executioners won't come to find me.


I couldn't tell Jace about it. No. This was my cross.He didn't deserve to get pulled down with me.


I was already out of Darkspire territory when a call came in from a strange number. I picked the call and the voice that reached me made my heart skip a beat.



"Lyric! It's me... It's Penelope!" She sounded like she was being chased.


I quickly moved to the side of the road, bringing the car to a stop. "Penelope? What's the problem? Where are you?"



"I don't-I can't-" She grunted, as if she just tripped and fell on something.


I heard a gunshot, followed by her shriek.



My eyes rounded as panic overtook me. What the hell was happening?


"Penelope!"



"You have to listen to me," It sounded like she was running again. But her voice was strained and weaker.What if she had been hurt?



"Your kids... they're alive. They are-" another gunshot and the line went dead.



So did my heart.


I couldn't blink. Despite knowing the call had ended,I held the phone in my hand, staring at the blank screen.



'Your kids. They are alive.' My heart pulsed with an uneven tempo, climbing up to my throat as if trying to escape.


Oh,gods.


Life surged back to me as I blinked and took in the words. My hands shook as I dialed the number, but it wouldn't connect.



"No, no, no. Please, no," I muttered like an insane woman.



Where was she? Who was chasing her?


I heard a raucous breath echoing within the car.lt took me some time to realize it was coming from me.I was hyperventilating.


Then,it got worse.


I saw the headlights coming from behind. But l thought it must be a normal vehicle and didn't give any thought to it.


But then, it kept getting closer and closer to me.


With how clogged my mind was, I realized a little too late what the intention was. The scream escaped me before the van crashed into me.



My car was violently thrust forward, the tires skidding before it tipped onto its side, flipping over like a turtle helplessly struggling. Inside, I was thrown against the seatbelt, my body slamming against the interior as chaos erupted around me.



I didn't stop screaming.



By the Moon, please. It can't be.



My ears were ringing painfully, my head constantly banging.


I couldn't hear a thing or tell what was happening around me. I didn't even realize when my door was pulled open until I felt a pair of hands dragging me roughly.



I groaned and whimpered from how sore my body was. I knew I was bleeding. I just couldn't tell where.


I heard someone sobbing beside me. No. It was me.



I was sobbing so hard, my shoulders quaked. But for what exactly, I couldn't tell.


Did it have to do with the murder at the party? Or the fact that I was about to die?


Or the fact that I just learned from Penelope that my kids were alive? Or what was that? Was it alie? A trick?



I was dying anyway. I was never found to find out.


Consciousness was slipping out of me. I felt my eyes going close.


"Hey, stay awake." Someone slapped my cheek.


I managed to open my eyes just as I heard light footsteps. The man who had slapped me stood up as the new person took his place, crouching before me.



I couldn't see his face due to how blurry my vision was, but I could tell he was smiling down at me.


"Lyric Harper." His hand reached out, touching my cheek.



His voice...there was something familiar about it.


It all became clear when he added, "My brother's mate."
###Chapter 139

JARIS



The Elders were already waiting in the meeting room before | arrived. The look on their faces wasn't good at all.


I expressed concern when I noticed Luca's state. The man was badly bruised, like he had gotten into an accident or something.


A hint of what the problem might be crossed my mind, and I didn't like it.


"What's going on?" I remained standing at the head of the table.



Somehow, Luca looked angry at me. But it seemed he was too scared of me to act it.


"I was attacked, Alpha Jaris. And you wouldn't believe who it was." I said nothing, prompting him to continue.


"Someone from the dead." My hand slowly curled into a fist. "Your brother."


I experienced a profound chill deep inside,like frost settling over the warmth of my heart.


I'd seen it coming. But getting to confirm it was another feeling on its own.


My expression remained impassive. The Elders might easily think I don't care, but they didn't know the war taking place in my head.


"What is this, Alpha Jaris?" Another Elder asked. "We thought your brother was dead?! We-We thought he died around the same time your father did?"


I said nothing, still, keeping my raging thoughts under my tongue.


"Caden is alive," someone else scoffed."That means we're in trouble."



"It's possible he was the one that got the Feeders released and has been controlling them."


"He's been behind all these attacks!"


"He's going to want to come for all of us! I thought we had gotten rid of this boy?"


I observed with a numbing rage as they talked about my brother like he was a beast. For years, that was what everyone knew him as.


Caden was different from a normal wolf. His wolf needed blood to survive. He wasn't just a Feeder; he was way worse than one.


His claws were poisonous and could easily kill someone when scratched in the wrong spot-like the heart, the middle of the forehead and other vital parts of the body.


And the worst part? It was impossible to kill him.Unless someone of his kind did.



But eight years ago, the Elders thought somehow,he'd managed to be killed. They didn't know he'd only been imprisoned by me and had long escaped. They had every reason to worry. Caden was a monster to them.


"What did he say to you?" I asked, my gaze pinned on Luca.


"Nothing. He just told me it's been a long time since he saw me and was trying to say hi." I caught the guilt in the man's eyes.


Growing up, Luca had loved my brother and I. But his love for my brother started dwindling when he noticed he was more trouble than me.


It became worse when he felt I was smarter, stronger and had more potential.


Caden was, no doubt, angry that Luca supported his demise.


"I look better than I was hours ago when the attack happened, Jaris. I-I could've been with my family.Who knows what he'd have done to them."



"But how did this happen?" Someone else asked."Alpha Jaris, can you explain to us how your brother is alive?"


＊＊＊＊＋＋＊＊＊＊十＋



LYRIC



I woke up with a heavy ache in my head, my eyes hurting.


When I opened my eyes, the brightness in the room attempted to blind me. I squeezed my eyes shut,whimpering from the pain I felt in my limbs and bones.



My hands and legs felt strained and locked.


Managing to adjust my eyes to the brightness of the room, I realized I was sitting on a chair,my hands behind it and my legs bound to the chair.


I went into panic mood, wondering how the hell I got in this strange room.


Then, the memories came-the accident, Jaris'brother.




 
I gasped at the recollection of his brother. I thought he was dead.


"H-Hello?" I called out in the empty room, struggling with the ropes around my wrists. "Is anyone there?"


I didn't get any response.


But the door was left open. Someone should've heard me.



I continued struggling with the binds, but it was useless. There was no way I could cut them apart without help.


My pulse fastened when I heard multiple footsteps.


Soon, four men showed up at the door.I swallowed thickly down my throat.


He was there. I couldn't see their faces yet, but l just knew he was there.


Why would they bring me here?


My body hurt. I needed to see a doctor.


They came forward. When they got to the middle of the room, the other three stood behind while the fourth one continued approaching me.


I let out a small whimper. I didn't like the look of this.


"Lyric," he drawled as he dropped to a crouch before me."Did you enjoy your sleep?"


Having a close look at his face, something clicked.lt sent a cold feeling of dread down my spine.


This face... I'd seen it before.


Silver eyes, gold hair, the small scar on his throat....


I'd seen him before.


I gasped when the time and place clicked in my head.


The hospital in Mystopia! The unconscious man l siphoned awake; the one that led to the death of my supervisor and the Executioners coming after me.


He was Jaris' brother?! What the hell?
###Chapter 140



LYRIC



"You've been out for a long time," he tilted his head to the side. "I want to believe your memory is still intact?"



An intense, biting acidity flooded my mouth, making me wince with its harshness.



He didn't recognize me. Back then, when his eyes opened, he'd only seen the ugly girl.


I shivered at my situation. I was sure those men behind him were Feeders. But what was he doing with them? And why did they give him so much respect like he was their leader or something?


"Over here, Lyric," he spoke again. He and Jaris had almost the same voice. The silver eyes were the same-even Maddy had it.



"When I ask a question, you're meant to answer." He took his hand to my throat, and I winced when he cut me with his claw to prove his point.


"Please," I whimpered, attempting to pull my neck away.


"I told you to give me answers." His claw was out of my neck already, but his hand was still close enough to make me fear he would cut me again.



What did he want me to say?


"Y-Yes.I remember."



His hand dropped to his side, his dark gaze watching me like a hawk.



"You're quite beautiful," he murmured. "Could it be the reason Jaris made you his mate?"


My heart continued thumping against my ribcage.I wasn't one to be easily intimidated, yet before this very man, I was petrified.


Everything about him screamed danger.Madness.


He was the kind of man anyone would want to avoid.


"Did you know," his hand was back to my throat again, making me flinch. He trailed his elongated claw against the hollows of my neck, teasing me with a cut that never came. "If I cut deep enough, you will die."



He moved the claw downward, going to my chest. To my alter shock, he ripped my shirt open.


"No!" I screamed. "What're you.... what're you doing?"


But he didn't seem the least bothered about my reaction.


My chest was exposed, revealing the black bra l had on.



I shivered when his index claw came between my breasts. "That's the secret of my claws. A cut like this..." he broke my skin with his claw, eliciting a sharp cry from me as this was more painful than the one from my neck."...will not kill you. It'd only hurt for a long time.But let's say I go deeper."


"Please, don't! Please!" I panicked, fearing he'd puncture my heart.


He stopped, his lips lifting in a cruel smile.


"If I went deeper than this, your heart would stop beating in no time."


I was visibly shaking. His hand was still between my breasts, his index finger beneath my skin which was bleeding.



"Can you imagine how devastating that would be for you?"


I whimpered in relief when he withdrew his claw.



"What do you want from me?" | sniffled. "Please, I haven't done anything." He chuckled-a dark sound that made me want to run into hiding.


"You haven't done anything, dear Lyric." He straightened up, snapping his fingers at the boys behind him. "I just needed someone important to my brother."



As if the boys behind him knew what he wanted,one of them moved to grab a chair in the corner of the room. He brought it to Jaris' brother who took a seat.


"I-I'm not important. The only person that might be important to him is Marta." I knew that was a lie.


Marta might have kids for him, but I knew she wasn't that important to Jaris.


"Nah," the man before me clicked his tongue. "That hoe isn't important. Trust me, he'd have made her his mate if she was."


He looked the same age as Jaris-Young, handsome and cold. But I heard he was the eldest. Although,the age difference was less than three years. "Just in case you didn't know, I'm Caden."


Of course, I knew. His name and that of his brother had been popular in our world while growling up.I just didn't know what they looked like.


Back then, seeing them was a privilege.


"Did you know," he pulled his chair closer to mine.So close, our knees were touching.


I wriggled in my seat. I didn't like how exposed I was before him.



"My brother had me imprisoned for eight years." He tsked. "Eight years, Lyric. You tell me, is that fair?"


Judging from what he'd done to me so far, I couldn't feel sorry for him.


His fist against my face came fast. My head fell back as l yelped from the punch, blackness enveloping me temporarily.


Oh, gods. Oh, gods. I was going to die.


"I told you to give me answers." His voice was normal, like he hadn't just punched the living daylight out of me.



"Yes!" I cried before opening my teary eyes at him."Yes, I think it was fair."


It wasn't until the last word wvas out that I realized my foolishness. Damn it. In such cases, I should be on his side. Antagonizing him was only going to provoke him further.



"I'm so-" the words didn't get to leave my lips before his fist connected with my left eye.


My head rang with a distorting sound, my mind going blank for a minute.



"Please..." I sobbed when I could find my voice again,though it was shaky. "Please, stop."



It was the first time I was ever getting abused, and the feeling was worse than hell.


"Open your eyes, Lyric." It was a chilling command.


I didn't waste time. I forced my eyes open, the left one feeling painful. I knew it was only a matter of time before a bruise formed under it.


Tears slipped down as I forced them to stay open on the monster.


"You think it was fair?" The way he spoke, it was so unbothered as though it was out of mere curiosity."You think it was fair that I was deprived of eight years of my life? That my younger brother is recognized as King while everyone thinks I'm dead?"


"I'm sorry," I whimpered, fearing he might hit me again out of pure rage.


His hands rested above his knees as he leaned forward, his face so close to mine. "I'm the eldest,Lyric. Your mate is in my place."


I whimpered when his hand came to my thighs.


"Please. Don't... Just let me go." I knew my request was laughable, but I didn't know what else to say at this point.


His claws were out on all fingers. searing pain slithered from my/ right leg when four of his claws scratched me right there, ripping through my jeans and drawing blood.


I threw my head back and cried, attempting to pull my leg from his hold, but it was useless when my feet were bound to the chair.


"Jaris has everything I want," he cut a fresh part of my body. "A feared name," he cut under my ribs. "A beautiful mate," under my jaw. "Kids." He hissed as he scratched me on the hips. "Family!"
###Chapter 141 141


LYRIC

"Please! Please, just stop."

I couldn't take anymore. I had been cut all over. The pain was excruciating.

He lowered his bloody knuckles, and I wanted to puke knowing it was my blood.

"Why are you doing this?" I sobbed. "How can you... How can you do this to someone?"

His mouth formed a sarcastic smile. "No hard feelings, love. I'm merely trying to mark you." His claw came to my throat again, cutting a fresh line across it. "I need my brother to see the proof that you and I were together."

II could hardly make out his voice amidst the shrill scream that escaped me.

Long after he released my throat, I continued wailing. It hurt. All over. I was afraid I would die soon if he kept up with this.

The monster kept staring at me, waiting patiently for me to stop screaming.

"Initially, I'd been conflicted between taking you or the kids," he spoke again when I stopped screaming.

My wet eyes rounded in disbelief. "But then, I decided it'd be more fun having you around."

This guy was sick! He wanted to harm the kids? What was wrong with him?

No. Jaris was right for locking him up. A lunatic like him didn't deserve to be amongst us.

"You know, my brother and I weren't always like this," he leaned back in his seat. "Growing up, our bond was quite strong. Until he felt the need to betray me. I bet it was because he wanted to take my place."

I wouldn't blame him for betraying you. A monster like you deserved worse than betrayal. But I didn't tell him that. I was too bruised to provoke more.

"If you knew the things he's done to me, Lyric,"his hand slid across my exposed thigh. I recoiled and again tried to pull my leg away, but he wouldn't let me."1fyou knew how dark his mind was..." he moved his hand upward,going too close to my intimate area.

"Please, stop."

"...you'd understand why I detest him."

He stopped a few inches from my intimate area. I shivered and whimpered, more tears streaking my cheeks.

I was defenseless against this man. Right now, he could force himself on me and there wouldn't be a thing I'd be able to do about it.

I prayed silently to the gods above. I could accept anything, but not being raped by a man.

My torn jeans were still covering my intimate area, but there were rips all over my thighs where his claws had scratched me. And even if he wasn't touching my bare skin, I hated how close his hand was. Plus, he could easily rip it off.

"Tell me, has he been in here?" He asked with a playful glint. "What did it feel like?"

I whimpered, willing his hand to go away.

His other hand lifted in the air and came across my face, hitting me hard my head reeled.

Fresh sobs broke free, my body already pushed past its limits.

He clicked his tongue. "You must've been a terrible student."

"No," I quivered, replying to his question. "We-We haven't." Except in my dreams.

"Hm." He seemed disappointed. "So, you mean my brother has been ignoring a good meal?" He tilted his head back, as if observing my full form. "You sure look like a good meal."

1 couldn't meet his gaze anymore. Mine was too teary anyway. "Please, let me go.Please."

I heard him chuckle. Next was his finger coming to my cheek, caressingly. "I will. When I'm done with you."

He stood up, going to the table in the corner of the room.

I lifted my head to look at him and realized my sight was getting limited. Oh, gods; my eye must be getting swollen already.

"Jaris and I used to love this drink," he said as he returned to me with a glass of wine which he drank from."There were nights we'd spend hours drinking and laughing over the day's activities. There were good times between us."

He chuckled as he took his seat and drank some more fromn the glass. "You know, back then, you couldn't be friends with one of us without being a friend to another. And an enemy of one was an enemy of the other.Our bond..." he tsked. "It was unbreakable."

I tried to picture him being reasonable enough to be on good terms with Jaris. So, what went wrong between them, enough for Jaris to imprison him?

"Did you know, there were times we even used to share our women."

My gut clenched in astonishment,, but I couldn't show it on my face as it was already scrunched in pain.

"Ah,there were many of them." He laughed.

I shivered at how alike his laughter was with Jaris'. The two brothers had a lot of similarities.

"And you know, it was quite easy since most of the ladies fell for us both. We became quite popular with it,it became every woman's dream to have a threesome with us."

This was insane.How had they been that close?

"I think he and I would've had a threesome with you if we were still in good terms."

His words made me repulsive. He was sick in the head.

But what in Hades went wrong with the two of them? Well, I'm sure Jaris wouldn't imprison him for no reason.

My head hung downward, consciousness slipping away. I didn't know how much longer I could hold on with all the blood I was losing.

"Hey," Caden tapped me lightly on the cheek. "I still need you awake." He stood up. "This is the fun part."

I fought to keep my eyes open and watched him as he walked to the table. He returned shortly with a phone.

Not just any phone.Mine.

"Why don't we give sweet Jaris a call?"

###Chapter 142 
LYRIC

I tried to protest and only then did I realize my tongue had gotten too weak to move.

He brought the phone behind me and lifted my finger to the fingerprint sensor, unlocking it.

I watched helplessly as he scrolled through the phone.

"Hm. A. Jaris, with a love emoji," he pronounced Jaris' name the way I saved it. "Is he aware you saved his name with a loveemoji?"

"Don't..." I tried to tell him, but I wasn't even sure he could hear me, my voice being too weak.

He wore a smug smile as he went ahead with the call.

＊＊＊＊十＋＊＊＊＊


JARIS

I had a long stressful meeting with the Elders. They were very worried about Caden and wanted to know how to deal with him.

I told them to leave him to me. If there was someone Caden wanted revenge against, it was me. All the attacks him and the Feeders have been doing lately was an act to get my attention.I knew it.

By the time we finished the meeting, it was too late to fly back to Darkspire. Moreover, I was exhausted and just wanted some sleep.

Luca walked with me as I headed towvard my car.

"Caden showing up now when you're so close to claiming the throne is really making me worried. Why hasn't he tried to contact you yet or something?"

"I already told you in there, Luca. I don't know." But I was sure he'd contact me soon. He'd made enough threats already.

"To be honest, I wwish he was gone for good," Luca said without remorse.

My phone rang in my pocket. When I discovered it was Lyric, I answered without hesitation.

"Lyric?"

"Not her. It's me,brother."

My feet came to a stop.

My heart, for the first time ever, skipped a beat.

It came crashing on me-the final thing he needed to do to get my attention.

Caden.He had Lyric.

"How have you been, J? I'd be hurt if you told me you didn't miss me."

Something burnt at the back of my throat.I couldn't quite tell what it was? Shock? Fear?

Not fear of him, but what must've happened to Lyric.

It was the first time I was having these emotions. I didn't even know what to do with them.

"Are you okay?" Luca asked, creasing by brows.

Was it that noticeable?

I walked away, going to a spot I knew l'd have some privacy. Luca knew better than to follow me.

"Seemns you don't wanna talk to me. Maybe you'd want to talk to her. Say hi, Lyric."

Her scream was the response I got. I didn't think it was possible before now, but my blood became heated ash. While fire sizzled in my veins, my skin radiated a chilling frost. She cries beautifully, Jaris. I bet she sings better in bed." She stopped screaming,but I could still hear her whimpers.

"Caden." I'd never called the name with more malice before. "What're you doing?"

"Nothing. Just catching up with my brother's mate. I'm actually glad I got to meet her. Lyric is quite beautiful. How did you get so lucky, Jaris?"

I should've known. Damn it, I should've fucking known he'd go for someone important.

There was a persistent pounding in my skull, making everything worse. I was staring into space, yet all I could see was Lyric in pain, being hurt repeatedly by my brother.

l imagined her afraid and helpless.

Why did it seem like I was struggling with breath?

"Let her go." My voice was the iciest it'd ever been. Yet, I knew it would have no impact on Caden.

"Oh, I will. When I'm done with her."

"Caden!"

"What, brother? Are you afraid she'll break? Trust me, she's already broken."

I didn't doubt that. Caden was a psychopathic bastard. My brain refused to imagine the horrible things he must've done to Lyric.

No.I'd run mad if I dare imagine.

"This is between us," my voice was frostier.

"Yeah,I know. But I kinda like her in the middle."

Another scream from Lyric, followed by her begging him to stop.

No. No. No.

Damn it!
Hell no!

"What the fuck do you want?!" I yelled, my lungs burning

The asshole laughed.

Oh, Caden. If he'd called me under a different circumstance, the Moon knew I'd have been ready to handle his madness.

1'd actually been ready since I learned he escaped.

Caden might be a problem to others but not me. He and I, we were alike in so many ways. And the last thing I'd ever be is to be afraid of him.

But I couldn't act the way I'd planned.

Not when he was hurting Lyric. Not when her cries were making me go insane.

I was dying inside. And I didn't even understand how.

"You'll be seeing her soon, Jaris. I'm sure you have enough time on your hands because she'll be needing a lot of attention. Then, you and I, we're gonna talk."

I felt cold liquid on my palm. I opened it and noticed my nails had bitten onto it so hard from fisting that it was bleeding already.

"I'll kill you." I gritted the words. "I'll find you, Caden. And I'll kill you."

"Will you?" I imagined him smirking. "I guess we'll know when we see. Goodnight, brother."

The call went dead.

I didn't bother calling again 'cause I knew he would've switched off the phone. The son of a bitch.

I called Nerion even as I made my way to him.

"Call Razi. Tell him to get the jet ready." Razi was the pilot.

"I thought we were sleeping over? I already told Razi to-" "If Razi is not at the airport by the time we arrive, two people will be dead. You and him."

I hung up.
###Chapter 143 
LYRIC

I passed out and couldn't even tell for how long.

All I knew was, after the call with Jaris, Caden still beat me some more, just for the sake of it.

It became too much to handle that I passed out.

1 didn't even know how he managed to bring me awake just now, but I sure didn't want to stay conscious. It made me aware of the pains and the fact that I was between life and death.

"Feeling better?" Caden asked with a smirk, his face in mine.

My stomach churned at the sight of him. Gods, I hated this man. He was a monster who deserved to rot in hell.

Right now, however, I was at his mercy. I wanted to beg him some more to let me go, but my mouth wouldn't open.My eyes could barely stay open either. The pain was unbearable.

"Don't worry, we're done here. One of my people will take you to the drop off location."

I was so relieved I wanted to cry.

This...this was over? I wasn't going to die?

"But you wouldn't mind delivering a message to Jaris, would you?" His finger came to my cheek, caressing it.

I didn't have the option of accepting or refusing. He gave me the message.

My head fell forward as I struggled at the brink of consciousness. I didn't know what happened next.

I felt hands on mine, the ropes being fred, I felt myself moving. But not once did I open my eyes to see what was happening. It was a miracle I was actually still alive. ＊＊＊＊十十＊＊＊＊十


JARIS

Instead of the usual forty minutes, we arrived Darkspire in thirty.

I kept threatening Razi to move the jet at its fastest.

Nerion had already arranged for enough of our men to wait in a particular spot. So, we didn't reach the pack when we arrived Darkspire.

It was frustrating that I didn't even know where to start looking. I knew there was no way Lyric would've been kidnapped in Darkspire. She was probably on her way somewhere. Or perhaps, was she blackmailed to come out or something?

We started by checking the roads leading out of Darkspire and found broken glasses on the ground. That was our first clue. She must've been driving and was attacked.

We were trying to check for tire trails when my phone beeped with a new test. My chest tightened when l realized it was from her number.

I opened it in a hurry and found a location.

I didn't pause to think. We made our way to the place, cars and vans filling the road.

I kept staring at Nerion's hands and legs on the steering and pedals, wondering if he was moving fast enough.

"Step on it!" I rasped. But there wasn't much he could do. He was going at a very high speed already.

I needed to be there at the location like I needed my next breath. Right now, I could very much be walking into a trap, yet I didn't fucking care. Not when there was even the slightest chance that I migh see Lyric.

When we arrived, I didn't even wait for the car to fully stop before I was running out of it. For a man like myself who's always been comnposed, tonight was a very shitty one for me.

found her carby the side of the street. It was broken like it had been in an accident. The men got to it before I did and opened the door.

"We need to pull her out. Quickly!"

Those were the words I heard that brought me crushing relief.

They found her. She was in there.

However,the relief was short-lived when I reached the door and found the sight of the 'lady' in there.

It was Lyric. But for a moment, I couldn't recognize her.

It took the familiar torn shirts to know she was the one.

The sight before me....it wasn't one I ever thought I'd see on Lyric. Her eyes were swollen shut, her lips . broken and swollen, her clothes torn with bruises all over the exposed skin.

Even a wild animal wouldn't do this to you.

What the hell?

I watched with disbelief as the men managed to pull her out of the car. She wasn't even conscious.How could she be when she looked like she was dead?

I watched emotionlessly as they took her to the van. Yes, it was emotionless because | didn't know how to feel.

This...this was all strange to me. Lyric had gone through hell, because of me. And I didn't know how to feel about that.

A rock formed in my throat, making it impossible for me to say my next order to Kael. I wanted to tell him to get her from the men's van and bring her to our own car.

I knew they took her there because there was more space and she'd be comfortable, but I didn't care.I wanted her with me.

So, when I realized I couldn't speak, I had to do it myself. I walked to the van, got past the men who easily stepped away for me and grabbed Lyric.

"Fuck," I muttered under my breath when I held her to my chest.

Every part of her body was covered with claw marks and dried blood. These were Caden's claws.I didn't want to imagine how excruciating they must be.

I was hesitant about holding her, fearing that my hands only make the wounds hurt more.

My eyes traveled to her ripped jeans and cold rage poured into my bones.

No.I refused to think of it.

Carrying her in my arms, I walked back to my car and placed her in the backseat.

The car was on the road again in a few seconds.

I didn't even look around to know if everything was fine. Wasn't concerned about anything else around me.

The only person that had my undivided attention was the torn woman before me. I kept my eyes on her and didn't dare look away.

Lyric was in pain. And it was because of the monster who was my brother.
###Chapter 144 
MARTA

"What do you mean you can't find the body?" She hissed over the phone, her grip tight around it.

"I'm sorry, ma'am. We shot her, but she was on the bridge and fell over." The man replied.

"And tell me, how stupid can you be? Huh? How do you shoot someone and just let her fall into a body of water?"

The man was silent.

·Marta fisted her hand in her hair as she paced her room. She was losing her mind. Why couldn't she get one thing right? Just one?

"You need to find her," she stopped in front of the window. "I don't care if you think she's dead. I need to see her body."

"We already have people underwater looking for her, ma'am. I'm sure we'll find her soon."

"You better. Otherwise, be rest assured you're not getting your balance."

She ended the call with a curse.

She already had enough to worry about and couldn't begin to worry about Penelope's missing body.

At least the woman was gone for good. But she wouldn't really be at peace until her body was found.

She was about turning away when a sight caught her attention from the window. She had seen the cars and van drive in and didn't pay any attention to it. But she was surprised when she saw Jaris carrying someone in his arms.

She strained her eyes and was taken aback when she realized it was Lyric. JARIS

I leaned against the wal, my legs crossed with my hands tucked into my pant pockets.

It's been thirty minutes since we reached the Pack. I had all the doctors available work on her and so far,she looked more relaxed.

But it still wasn't enough to get this sick feeling packing from my belly. My heart was still a site for cold rage.My knuckles itched to ram into something. My tongue craved to taste blood.

"You should sit." Kael's voice sounded foreign in my ear. It pulled me out of the dark abyss that was my mind, making me more conscious of my surroundings.

"You've been standing this way since we brought her in. As you can see, she's fine."

I didn't even glance at him but kept my gaze fixed on the sleeping lady in the middle of the room.

Despite the applications the doctors had done, her face still looked badly bruised. So was her body.

I knew it'd take days for her to completely heal up. She didn't deserve this.

The truth was, she was very lucky. Caden didn't have a reason to spare her life. He could've easily killed her to spite me, and to be honest, I thought I was going to find her dead in the car.

What if she wasn't lucky enough and actually ended up dead? What would I have done knowing she died because of me? What would I have done without Lyric Harper in my life?

The question startled me, drawing my brows in surprise.

I heard running footsteps behind me. I recognized them before my little sister showed up at the door.Her eyes widened as soon as they saw Lyric.

"By the gods! Lyric!" She ran forward, not sparing me, Kael or Nerion a glance.

She ran to the bed, grabbing Lyric's hand.

"Lyric? Lyric!" "Please, be careful, Princess," one of the doctors said.

I also wanted to snap at her for being careless with someone who was that injured.

"I'm sorry!" She squealed, dropping the hand immediately. "Will she be fine? Why isn't she awake?"

"We gave her something to put her to sleep. She needs it at this moment."

Maddy nodded, then her eyes shifted to me. They were glossy. How long had she known Lyric that she was being this emotional?

"What happened to her? Where were you when this happened, huh?!" She yelled.

I cocked my brow. What was wrong with her brain?

"I knew this was a mistake. What was she thinking being mated to someone like you?"

"Why don't you take your undeveloped brain elsewhere? She doesn't need the noise." I was trying so hard to keep my cool.

She didn't even seem affected by my snide comment but kept mumbling to herself.

Lyric didn't need this nuisance right now.

I gestured at Kael. "Get her out of here."

But Nerion went instead. Maddy threw him a death glare before he even got to where she was.

"Don't you dare touch me. Don't you-" Her words were cut off when Nerion grabbed her hand and pulled her away.

She fought and struggled against him, but in the end, her strength was useless against someone like Nerion.

When they were out the door, I could still hear them.

"What makes you think you can touch me, you sick bastard!" I heard her hit him on the chest. "This better be the last time you lay your filthy hands on me."

"It will. As long as you put yourself in order." Maddy's witty jab didn't come immediately, indicating she must be shocked at his response.

"Better! I'll rather have other men touch me than you, anyway! You pathetic-"

"Enough." Nerion's voice was frigid. "There are people in there. Now, behave and go to your room."

"Don't tell me what to do!"

"Just leave, Mad." He called her by the nickname he always used when things were still good between them.

I heard footsteps, followed by him reentering the room.

I didn't even look at him. I cared about nothing else but the woman in front of me.



"Bring her to my room," I instructed Kael.

He and Nerion shot me bewildered glances but | didn't wake around to see more of their judgy eyes as l walked away.

Not long after I reached my room, Lyric was brought in. I felt a little better as I watched them place her on the bed.

The doctors were through with her for the night and said all she needed was enough rest for now.

I didn't want to sleep in the medical room, and there was no way I was sleeping in a separate room from Lyric tonight. Hence the reason I requested her to be brought here.

"Is there...anything else you need?" Kael asked after placing her on the bed.

I shook my head no and watched them leave.

Finally alone with her.
###Chapter 145 
JARIS

I went closer, sat on the edge of the bed and brought my hand to her hair, gently removing some strands from her face.

It was hard to stare at her as all I could see was her in pain. Her tortured cry was very much clear in my head;how she bagged the asshole to stop hurting her.

Oh,Lyric. I always thought my kids were my weaknesses. I thought they'd be the only ones to make me lose my mind at the prospect of them being hurt.

But Lyric...she did stranger things to me. Only the gods knew how much I fought to hold onto sanity when l heard her screaming.

Pulling myself away, I went into the bathroom for a cold shower.

I was buttoning up the final clasp on my pajamas when I heard a small exhale behind me. I turned with the speed of a whirlwind and felt a crushing relief when I found Lyric's eyes open.

"Hey," I went to her. "How's it? How're you feeling?"

She remained still, hereyes taking the room in. They took longer to get to me, but when they finally did, the relief in them was unmistakable.

"Alpha Jaris?" Her voice was small.

She called the name like she couldn't believe she was home and safe. She must've thought she was stil somehow trapped with Caden.

"You're home. You're fine now." I sat on the edge of the bed.

When I noticed she wanted to sit up, I stood up to assist her. She looked around the room again before pulling the bedcover closer to her chest. The doctors got rid of her torn outfit and slipped a patient gown on her. So, she was more covered than she was when we found her.

Her hand moved around her face, and it hurt me to know she was feeling the bruises. Her left eye was still swollen that I wondered if she could see with it. Her right eye wasn't swollen but had a bruise beneath it.

It was hard to seea spot that didn't have a cut on her body. Her neck, her hands, legs. Everywhere. The son of a bitch hurt her real good.

"Do you need me to get the doctors?"

She shook her head, her eyes not meeting mine anymore. "I'm fine."

. I lowered my head, rethinking my next words. Apologies weren't something I did often, but tonight, my high values didn't matter.

sorry," I told her honestly. If it wasn't for me, she wouldn't have been taken. "Sorry you had to go through this."

She brought her knees to her chest, huddling herself.

"It wasn't your fault," her voice was so small I almost didn't hear her.

But it was. Caden and I were two demons at each other's necks, and unfortunately, she got caught up in the middle.Hopefully, this will be the last time.

"I need to ask you a question," my tone turned serious. "Your clothes were torn when we found you. Did he..." I glanced at her thighs.

For a man like me who had never had issues saying what he wanted, this was quite difficult to let out.

If Caden did touch her-which I knew he was capable of-I wouldn't know what to do with myself.

I never knew Lyric saying no to something would feel so good until I watched her shake her head at my question. "He didn't," she added.

"Are you sure?"

She nodded. "He-He just... tortured me." I didn't miss the tremor in her voice. It was enough to tell me to drop the topic.

"The doctors said you needed to eat as soon as you're awake." I stood up to grab my phone from the table."So, I'll get you something."

I placed a call to the kitchen and requested a meal for her. Something I knew she'd like.

"How're the kids?" She asked as soon as I dropped the call.

Was she for real? She was worried about the kids in this state?

"I'm sure they're fine." I hadn't even checked on them since I returned, too focused on Lyric.

She looked sad as she lowered her gaze. "Their party was ruined."

"It wasn't your fault." I poured some water into a glass cup. "They've actually identified the body."

There was a long silence, so long I had to look behind me to be sure she was still there.

"T-They have?" She stuttered.

I nodded. "She's an Executioner."

I drank from the cup, refilled and went to her.

"H-How are they sure?"

"All Executioners have a specific tattoo ontheir backs. It is one way to identify them." I held the glass to her."Drink up."

With slight hesitation, she took the glass and drank a little.

"So,any idea why an Executioner would be at the kids' party?" I shrugged. "The Executioners only hunt. So, it's possible she was hunting someone. Maybe one of the guests."

"And... you think this guest must have killed her?"

"It's the only explanation we have. Although...the Executioners are quite strong. Killing them is never an easy task," I added thoughtfully.

When she finished the water, I took the glass from her. I was on my way back to the table when her words halted me.

"Y-Your brother."

I heard her loud gulp.

"He asked me to deliver a message to you."

Seconds passed. I continued my walk to the table, dropped the glass and turned slowly to face her.

"What message?"

She seemed really nervous, her eyes darting to the floor. "He gave me an address; said he wants both of you to meet there tomorrow. Alone."

It was a good thing I'd dropped the glass already. Otherwise, there was no doubt I'd have hauled it against the wall.

The asshole. What did he think he was doing getting Lyric to deliver the message to me?

"He...he said..." She hesitated.

"What did he say, Lyric?"

"That he'd hurt the kids next if you don't show up."

My blood turned to flames. Right now, I'd do anything to have Caden in front of me.

I turned around to grip the table, doing my best to keep my composure. I couldn't lose it now in front of Lyric. She didn't need this.

It took me a full minute to be able to turn back around.

"Come on." I cocked my head at her.

She seemed confused and didn't make a move. So I went closer, offering her my hand.

"Wh-Where are we going?" Her eyes held a little bit of panic.

Please, I really hoped she wasn't going to be traumatized by what happened and think everyone was out to hurt her.

"Trust me. Just come."

After a few seconds, she finally placed her hand in mine and I helped her off the bed.

It looked.weird seeing her in this patient dress. It made her look smaller and fragile.

I noticed she wasn't just avoiding my gaze. She was trying to prevent me from looking at her as much as she could.

Was she ashamed of her face?

Holding her hand tightly in mine, I led her toward the bathroom. She stopped walking when we got to the door.

"Wh-Why are we going in there?"

 ###Chapter 146
JARIS

I sighed as I looked at her. "Your hair. It needs washing."

She furrowed her brows. It was hard to do with all the swell on her face. "I-I don't thinkI can wash it myself."

"I know."

I continued walking in with her, and this time, she let me.

I dropped her there and told her to wait for me while I went to get a chair from the room.

"Do you want to wash me yourself?" She asked with disbelief when I returned with the chair.

"Yes. Sit." I pulled her to the chair which was in front of the sink. She hissed from the pain that shot through her body. I'd almost forgotten she was bruised in places I couldn't see.

I helped her to lay backward, so her hair was in the sink. Then, I brought a towel and put it around her shoulder.

She didn't say anything else as I turned on the sink tap and began soaking the hair. I was lathering shampoo into it when she finally spoke.

"Does this help you relax?"

Her question made my fingers pause for a second before they continued moving.

"When I was younger, I used to do it with Maddy's hair. It was a method that helped control my sick urges."|looked into her face where her eyes were closed,

I hated the bruises I saw on it. It made me wash the hair harder.

"You and Maddy used to be that close." I didn't reply. But she knew what the answer was already. Maddy and I were best friends, as well as Caden.But everything fell apart.

If someone had told me some hours ago that I'd actually be washing Lyric's hair, I wouldn't have believed it.A few minutes into it and my anger was completely gone.

I realized I was more than enjoying this. Right now, it was beyond wanting to calm myself.

When I finished, I used a towel to dry the hair and took her back to the room. I sat her in front of the mirror,took a brush and started brushing.

She was trying so hard to lower her face, to keep it hidden.

"Lyric, you weren't born this way. I really don't understand why you keep putting your face away." My voice was a bit scolding.

She stared at me through the mirror."I-I just..." Her eyes dropped again. "I'm just ugly."

Her words stunned me. She said them like she was somneone who was used to hearing those kind of words from people. What was wrong with her?

"You're ugly because you have bruises all over your face? You think I've forgotten the beautiful lady beneath all of these?"

She met my gaze again. What gave her the impression that she needed to hide her face from me or something?

Yes,I was angry seeing the bruises, but it had nothing to do with being repulsive of her.

"Don't look away again. I mean it." I let her get the warning in my tone.

Fortunately, she didn't try to hide her face until I was done with her hair.

I loved the way she smelt now. Like vanilla and aged bourbon, which was the fragrance of my shampoo.

Hm.It was the first time someone was ever sharing my shampoo with me, and I think I liked it.

"Thank you," she muttered as I took her back to bed. "D-Do you really want me to stay here?" "I need to keep an eye on you." That sounded stupid. She'd still be safe in her room. But the thought of being away from her right now just seemed unbearable.

She nodded, and it didn't take long before the maids brought her meal.

＊＊＊＊十十＊＊＊＊＋


LYRIC

After such a traumatizing day, it looked like I got a reward.

Waking up in Jaris' room was a shock to me. Having him wash my hair and take care of it was a wonder and couldn't understand it.

He even let me sleep in his bed!

I didn't understand why he became so caring; showing me a side of him I hadn't seen. Maybe it had to do with the fact that his brother hurt me. But |didn't want it to stop.

When I woke up in the morning, the comfort from last night was gone, replaced by the load of problems|had to deal with.

I still had the Executioner problem. Her people might come for her, and what if her death was somehow linked to me?

Not to mention that someone had seen us in the restroom. But why hadn't they said anything? Or tried to confront me at least?

The best option was to go as faraway from here as possible, but how would I do that after the call I got from Penelope?

She said my kids were alive. It sounded like a joke. If they were alive, where had they been all these years?Why did she keep them from me? Why was I told that they were dead?

But on the other hand, could it be the reason I didn't see Penelope after I put to bed? Could it be the reason I didn't even get to see where they were buried and Penelope wouldn't even take me there? A lot of things didn't make sense. Penelope might be lying, but I needed to know. And for that, I couldn't leave just yet.

Jaris was not in the room when I woke up. But there was already a steaming tray of breakfast on the table for me.

I managed to freshen up in the bathroom. It was dificult as I felt pains all over my body. I hated seeing myself in the mirror, but Jaris' words from last night had a way of calming me down.

I was beautiful.

I was just about to start eating when the door opened with Maddy running in the twins.

I gasped and quickly looked away, wanting to hide my face from them.Why would Maddy bring them here?

"Aunty Lyric! We heard what happened!"

"Are you alright?!" They ran to me anyway, tugging my arm until I was forced to look at them.

"You're hurt!" Xyla screamed. "Aunty Maddy told us you were in an accident!"

"Are you feeling... better?" Xylon asked, picking his words.

I felt relieved they didn't seem repulsive at how ugly I looked. It was hard to get used to these reactions when people always bullied me for how I looked when I was young.

"I'm-I'm fine," I managed to say.

"What're you doing here?" Maddy stomped her foot on the floor."Don't you know you won't get better? If you don't want to stay in your room, you can come stay in mine, Lyric."

I tried to laugh and only ended up grunting from pain. My cheeks hurt.

"Oh, gods. I'm so sorry," Maddy quickly held my shoulders. "Does it hurt?" She turned to the kids. should stop being funny so Aunty Lyric can get better."

They nodded eagerly. I had to bite down on my lip to stop the smile that was forming They spent some time with me, watching me eat. The kids went on to talk about their party and how much fun they had. From the look of things, they didn't know someone died. They just thought the party had to come to an end due to some unknown reasons.

Guilt tugged at my heart, knowing I was the reason the party ended sooner than it should have.

I was bad news and should be away from them, but the thought of finding my kids, getting to love them just like I do Xyla and Xylon, it was more powerful than any threat my life was currently under. I didn't mind dying to find my kids and having them see me as their mother, even if it was just for a day

That was, if everything Penelope said was true.
###Chapter 147 
LYRIC

When I finished eating, a doctor came in to check on me. She brought me fresh clothes and applied something to my wounds.

It was funny how I could've easily siphoned this pain away from others yet couldn't do the same for myself.That was the sick thing about Siphons. We could help others but not ourselves.O

The doctor was still with me when Jaris returned. His shirt was soaked with sweat, like he had been gyming or running.

Maddy stood up from the bed as soon as she saw him, her jaw set in a frown.

"You should take my advice, Lyric. Come with me to my room."

Goodness,Maddy!

"Don't worry, I'm fine."

She huffed. "I'll be leaving, then. I'll come check on you later." She left with the kids who had already hugged Jaris when he arrived.

"How's she?" He asked the doctor.

"Better than yesterday, Alpha. A few more days and she'll be completely fine."

A few more days. That sounded like days of torture to me.

The doctor rounded up and left, leaving me alone with him.

"Is there something you need?" His cold eyes on me gave me goosebumps. I could still see that he was pissed.

"I already ate. Thank you." There was a slight pause. "But I-I need my phone. Was it on me when you found He opened the drawer and took it out. "It was in the car."

Taking the phone from him, I made a mental note to call Jace and have him reach out to Penelope for me since I couldn't move around for now.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, someone knocked on the door. Jars got it and found a guard.

"We have Jace Ashford at the gate, Alpha. He's been making a scene and insists on coming in. We wanted to know how to proceed. Should we have him locked up and punished?"

My eyes widened in panic. Jace was at the gate?!

No. He shouldn't be here when he's been banished.

Jaris glanced back at me, seeing the panic on my face. In that moment, I feared what he'd do.

"L-Let me talk to him. Please. I'm sure he's just worried and here to see me."

"He is not supposed to be here. Rules are rules."

"I-I know! But please!" | tried to leave the bed in a rush and ended up hurting myself. I grunted and hissed as i fell back on the bed

"Damn it, Lyric! Will you stop moving?" Jaris snapped.

I forced myself to stay still. "1 will. But please, don't hurt him. Just let me talk to him,please."

Fortunately for me, Jaris listened. I was very surprised he actually did listen.

Minutes later, Jace ran into the room. Jaris wasn't in anymore, so it was just the both of us.

He was both shocked and pissed at the condition he found me in. He said Kael was the one who told him this morning. He was so worried that he dammed all consequences and came to see me.

"This is all fucked up. I mean, why the hell would that bastard attack you simply because you're Jaris' mate?If he has a problem with his brother, why doesn't he go confront him?" Jace didn't stop grumbling. It took a lot of time and effort to get him to stop talking about the issue and focus on something else.

1 decided I might need help since I wanted to stay back despite the threat on my head. Jace was the only one I could confide in. So I told him about the whole Executioner incident from yesterday.

"What?!" He sprang on his feet, his face alarmed. "What the fuck did you just say, Lyric?! You killed an Executioner?!"

"She was about to expose me.I just-"

"Hold on. You used your powers!" He looked at me with disappointment. "You've been doing that research even after | told you to leave it alone!"

"Jace, are you even listening to me?" My voice rose a notch and I paid for it with my jaw. It hurt instantly,causing me to wince.

"I just told you-she was about to expose me. And I didn't even mean to kill her. l-I only wanted to Siphon her memories away. If I'd known she was going to die, I promise I'd have left her alone. But you can't blame me for not wanting to let her just walk away with my secret. If she had actually left, more of the Executioners would've been here by now, torturing the truth out of me."

He paced the room, brushing his hands through his hair.

"And you were trying to leave without me,"he mumbled."Damn it, Lyric! You'd have been gone had Caden not kidnapped you! You'd have really left without telling me?"

Guilt tugged at my heart. "I just didn't want to... drag you into my problems. I am the one who's a Siphon,Jace. You don't deserve to leave your life behind for my sake."

He stopped walking as he looked at me and shook his head. "You're silly. You know that?"

He returned to sitting on the edge of the bed, taking my hand into his. "As soon as you're well enough to move freely, we're getting out of here. This time, there can't be any mistakes, Lyric. We-"

"I can't." I withdrew my hand from his.

My eyes fell to the sheets as l imagined how confused his expression would be. "What the hell are you saying?"

"There are...There are some things I need to take care of first. I just discovered them last night and can't leave them behind."

"Are you for real? Things that are more important than your safety?"

"Yes!" I said the word without the slightest hesitation. If my kids were really alive, then I'd die for them.

Jace stood up again, shaking his head at me."What the hell is going on, Lyric? What're you keeping from me?"

I couldn't hold his gaze for long without feeling stupid.

Fine. This was stupid. If I needed his help, then he had to know about everything.

I took a deep breath before meeting his gaze again."What I'm about to tell you... I haven't told anyone.You need to keep this with you, Jace. No matter what."

His curiosity was ignited as he returned to sit beside me. Then I went ahead to tell him everything-about the pregnancy, Penelope, having and losing the babies, and getting to learn they might just be alive. In all of this, I didn't mention who the father was. No; nobody needed to know that.

Jace's expression was utter shock. For a full minute, he didn't even know how to react.

"By the Moon gods," he finally mumbled, running his hand over his forehead.,there's a high chance you're a mother?"

"Yes. And I'd do anything to meet them, Jace. Once I've found them, we can finally leave."

"But...you said Penelope has been unreachable. And it looked like someone was chasing her while she was revealing the information to you?"

frowned. "Giving me the information at that very time,it felt like something was wrong. I was hoping her husband could hold some answers about her location."

"Yeah. I'll go over to his place and talk to him. But Lyric,"he took my hand. "Don't you think we should just get out of here at least? I promise to keep looking for answers and-"

"I'm not leaving without my kids, Jace." I shook my head. "For six years now, I thought they were dead.You don't know how all of this seems like a dream to me. If they're truly alive, then I'm never going to stop until l find them."

He buried his face beneath his palms, muttering a 'fuck' under his breath. "I really need to move back here.I need to keep an eye on you before you do something more stupid. Who knows when more of the Executioners will come? I'm guessing it won't take long once they learn that one of theirs is dead."

Honestly, I'd have appreciated Jace being here. But it was quite unfortunate he's been banished. He was actually lucky Jaris considered mny condition and let him in today.

The door opened, revealing Jaris.

I noticed him tighten up at the sight of Jace. His hatred for my best friend was palpable, and it made me sad.

He was fully dressed-wearing an all-black outfit. It made me wonder where he got the clothes from since he didn't change in the room.

"I'm heading out. If you need anything, do not hesitate to call for assistance," he said to me.

My heart warmed at the thought of Jaris informing me he was heading out. He did it last night, now today.

"Okay." I lowered my gaze.

A thought dawned on me, forcing me to snap my gaze up at him."Are-Are you...' I didn't complete the question, but he knew what I meant and nodded.

Oh,gods.

"Are you sure you should go?" While I was already panicking, he didn't seem a bit fazed.

"Take care of yourself, Lyric." His gaze hardened as they shifted to Jace. "Make sure you're gone before l get back." He went out the door, filling my mind with a suitcase full of anxieties.

AUTHOR'S NOTE;

I deeply apologize for the recent delay in updates. You know it's never been like this. I'm currently writing my exams which will be finishing on Wednesday. Regular updates will resume, then, at least three ###Chapters daily.

Thank you for your support. Lots of love
###Chapter 148 
JARIS

I'd been eager to get this meeting done and over with. Caden wanted to see me? That he will get.

Kael and Nerion were already waiting by the car. I was almost out of the living room when I heard someone running from behind me. I'd recognize Maddy's tiny footsteps anywhere.

I turned around to face her.

"Where are you going?" She looked like she was irritated standing before me.

I didn't give her a response, because I didn't know what gave her the impression that she could question me.

"Are you going to see Caden?"

Now that got a reaction out of me. "Who the hell told you?"

"Well, it wasn't difficult figuring it out. I mean, he just tortured Lyric. Something told me he'd send a message."

I shrugged. "Well, you have your answer,then."

I turned around to leave, but she held my hand, forcing my gaze back on her. "You can't kill him, Jaris."

Her hand dropped from mine. "No matter what's happened, he's our brother. You must remember that."

"Caden is no brother of mine. Not after what he's done."

"Look," she crossed her arms. "I hate him for what he did to Lyric, okay? But you're not killing him."

Her gaze turned serious, and I knew what she was about to say next.

"It's funny how everyone thinks Caden is a monster. The Hexed Wolf with partial immortality and psychopathic urges. Between the both of you, people think you're the saint. The good brother. They have no idea...that you two are just the same."

My jaw went taut, knowing she'd got me right where she wanted.

"You are also a Hexed wolf. But while you learned to control your psychopathic urges a little bit, Caden didn't. But people don't know that. And now, he's the only one seen as a Hexed wolf. He can only be killed by his kind-which is you. Same way you can only be killed by him. And now, I am telling you for the last time;you must not kill him."

I stared down at her, myblood turning to ice in my veins.

Not saying a word, I turned around and left.



I knew where he wanted us to meet. It was a two hour drive from Darkspire.

"Are you sure you don't need us to go in with you?" Nerion asked,looking displeased.

I glanced at him. "You of all people should know no harm is coming to me. Do as I said and drive far away from here. I'll let you know when I'm done and need you."

I went off, going into the abandoned temple.

Even after so many years, the place was still desolate.

Caden and I used to come here to play when we were younger. We'd bring some of our friends too.Sometimes, even girls that ended up having fun with us.

It was our favorite place to be-away from Darkspire, from our demanding father, the people who expected too much from us. This was our safe haven.

Cobwebs greeted me when I got to the entrance. I made my way into the vast hall, and there he was, seated in the middle of the hall, at a small table I was sure he'd arranged because they weren't there before.

There were four people in the room with him, staying close to the wall. The bastard wanted me to come alone but didn't.

Anyway,good.

"If it isn't my dearest brother." He spread his arms, releasing a wolfish grin.

I kept my eyes on him as I walked to the table but didn't take a seat.

I took a moment to take him in. I hadn't seen him in eight years. He looked different than I remembered.

"I'm glad you came. I've been waiting."

I held the arm of the seat in front of me, my fingers tightening around them.

"You know, you could've simply asked me to come and I'd have shown up. There was no point involving Lyric," I told him calmly.

He shrugged casually. "I just wanted to hurt something of yours. Lyric was a good option. By the way, how's she?"

I nodded. "Better than yesterday."

"Ah! What a relief. I hope you don't mind sending my regards." He smiled. "Please, take a seat. We have a lot to talk about."

I didn't move, my eyes pinned on him. He held my stare, amusement in his.

Suddenly, I acted, shocking everyone.

Using my Alpha speed, I moved around the room, ripping out the hearts of everyone I could lay hands on.I moved at the speed of lightning, too fast for them to do anything.

When I stopped, there were three hearts on the floor and one decapped head lying next to them. It felt like a breath of fresh air, filling my lungs with an intense satisfaction rather than air.

I fixed my gaze on Caden as I withdrew my napkin from the back of my pants and started wiping my hands.

The look on his face made me want to do this again. He looked gutted. Like a ball of flame waiting to This was what I'd been dying to do since yesterday.

"You should've come with more of your men7said honestly."Well, I do hope these ones were important to you."

He said nothing. It was my turn to smile. "Looks like you're not so smart-mouthed after all."

I took a seat, facing him with the table between us. Then, I threw the bloody napkin in front of him. "Now,why don't we start talking. I don't have all day."

He leaned forward, intertwining his hands on the table.

"Jaris Dreadmoor. You shouldn't have done that." His voice was frosty.

I knew Caden well enough to know when one of his favorite toys had been damaged. Those men were very important to him. Like his right hands or somnething. The satisfaction knowing I killed them...it was second to none.

I also leaned forward, placing my hands on the table, imitating his position."And you shouldn't have touched what was mine."
###Chapter 149
JARIS

For a full minute, no words were shared between us, our eyes doing thetalking.

Finally, he gave in to the loss and leaned back in his seat.

"I guess we should start talking, then." He locked his fingers behind his head. "Before we proceed, however,I'd love to know how the kids are."

Something shifted in my chest, but I forced my expression to remain blank, my eyes not leaving his face even as he gave a stupid smile.

"You know, my little niece and nephew. Never met them. But I'd sure like to. Would you permit that, Jaris?"

I cocked my head to the side. "Mention my kids one more time and this conversation is over."

He chuckled. "'Fine. I want my position back." His tone got serious, but he sounded stupid all the same.

"You should know you're in my place, Jaris. If you didn't betray me and had me locked up, I'd have been Alpha,and definitely the one competing for the grand throne."

He leaned forward again. "You sent me away to be imprisoned forever while you get the things I've always wanted. In what worldis that fair?"

I scoffed as I leaned back in my seat, letting my eyes take him from up to down.

"Tell me, Caden, do you really think you're fit to be King?" I let a moment pass for the question to sink in."Because of you, Darkspire almost became isolated. Because you couldn't control your stupid urges and kept getting us into trouble. Our own people were already becoming scared of us. Do you honestly think they'd have accepted someone like you to be their Alpha?"

His face scrunched in irritation. "You're judging me now? You're judging me when-" "I know we're the same," I cut him off. "But that's the point. You didn't see me going on a killing spree, did you? You were feeding on even our own people! And you dare think I betrayed you? If I wanted to betray you, I'd have killed you. But I had you locked up instead, keeping everyone safe. And if I have to, I'd do it again, Caden. So don't expect an apology from me.

His eyes stayed on mine for a while, making me see the brewing rage in them.

"Well, I'm back. I want my position back. You need to step down, Jaris."

This time, I couldn't hold back the laugh.

"You didn't leave any position behind. It was shattered when you became a threat to the people."

He shook his head. "I am telling you, Jaris. I've spent the last year working on myself. I can control my urges now. I have been preparing for this! I'm sure you must've known by now that I was behind the King's death.I was clearing the path, and it definitely wasn't for you to take it."

I glared harder at him when he mentioned King Thaddeus' death.The asshole.

"Listen, Jaris; I have control of the Feeders, and they're willing to correlate with the wolves, but that can only happen if I'm King. If I get what I want, tns Feeders will no longer be a threat. We'll all be one happy family."②

It was extreme sport holding back the laugh that wanted to burst through my throat. The asshole had so much delusions up his head.

"You need help. You're clearly sick," I told him honestly.

His eyes grew darker. "You wouldn't want to know what I'd do if my demands aren't met, Jaris. I'll get Lyric again, and this time, yesterday would feel like a massage to her."

My jaw tightened, but.I didn't give him the asshole the satisfaction of knowing he was riling me up.

I stood up instead, but he wasn't done talking.

"You know, you should be grateful I didn't kill her. I mean, considering the fact that you killed Etta." My heart froze in place. It was impossible to hide my unsettling reaction this time, and Caden smiled,knowing he'd gotten me right where he wanted.

"She was mine, yet you took her away from me. Not just her body, but her life."

"Etta was mine, not yours," I gritted, feeling the need to defend myself.

"Was she? Or you just snatched her from me?"

I closed my eyes as I pinched between my brows. "I'm not having this conversation with you."

I turned around to leave.

"You fed on that poor girl until she ran dry," his words brought me to a stop. "Talk about having control," he snickered. "You were just like me, even worse. Do I need to list the people you killed?"

I turned around to face him, a hand in my pocket. "I never denied being the same as you. I did horrible things,but that was before I learned to control my urges. But you? You never gave it a try. You didn't care about working on yourself. And that is why we're different."

that so?" He cocked his head. "Are you sure you've really learned to control your urges? We both know that Jaris without control is worse than any beast in the wild.If the people were to get a glimpse of the old you,the you you've been trying so hard to bury, I'm sure they'd want a new King."

He smiled.tell me, brother; are you really sure you've gotten rid of the urges? Are you sure they can't be triggered?"
###Chapter 150 
JARIS

The hand in my pocket fisted, wishing I could punch himn in the face.

"I'm only giving you a week, Jaris. Reach out to the Elders and the people of our Pack, and tell them you're stepping down from your position and handing over to me. Do this, and we won't have any problems. But if you don't, I can promise you, there would be chaos."

I walked back to him, maintaining a steady pace.

"Caden, I think we both know why you're still alive. Eight years ago, I could've easily killed you rather than imprison you. But | didn't, and I'm sure you know why."

There was a knowing glint in his eyes.

"We made a vow never to kill each other," he replied.

Right after we discovered what we were. That we were special and the only ones that could kill the other. It was our own way of protecting us against the world.

"Good." I gave a clipped nod. "But read my lips. I'll not hesitate to break that pact if you come for anyone of mine again. I'll make you pay, Caden, so dearly you'd wish I'd killed you eight years ago."

His expression gave nothing away. But I knew the words had sunk in.

I turned around and left.




Despite my threat to Caden, I was still restless. I knew the bastard. He was just like me and wouldn't back down easily. I'd have to find a way to handle him like I did the last time.

During the two hours drive back to Darkspire, I was totally restless and needed something to calm me down. In all of this, there was only one person I could think of that could help.

It's only been a few hours, yet I already missed her like she held the oxygen for my lungs. I wanted to see her face, despite how bruised it was at the moment. It didn't mean a thing to me.

Has she been okay since I was away? Had the doctors checked on her again?

Taking out my phone, I called the Pack doctor and was relieved when she told me they just checked on her for the second time today.

I kept looking through the window until finally, we reached the Pack.

I didn't waste any time. I headed straight to my room. It was a relief watching her sleep in my bed. If only it was possible, I'd have made it happen a lot sooner.

It was quite unfortunate that Lyric and I had always been at loggerheads. Hopefully, this time, the friendship between us would last.

Whatever I'd been feeling for her months ago was getting stronger. It had gone beyond the lust. It was harder being away from her.Harder not hearing her voice and her cute laugh.

I didn't understand why this woman had this effect on me. No one ever did. It was frustrating because in ten months, we'll be forced to go our separate ways. But how was that supposed to happen with all these unexplainable things I felt around her?

Reaching my room and expecting to find her in my bed, I was met with a huge disappointment.

The bed was empty. I instantly knew she wasn't just in the bathroom or something. She was gone.

A strange feeling of disappointment tugged at my heart. What the hell was this feeling?

I turned around, going in a different direction. In a minute, I was in front of her door. I knocked and my suspicions were confirmed when her faint voice came from inside. I was right. She left me.

But why did she leave my room? Wasn't she comfortable? Was there a problem she didn  talk about? I opened the door and found her lying in bed, her face still seeming pale. She looked exhausted. Was she still in pain?

"Hey," she smiled faintly. "You're back."

Seeing her present condition, it made me wish I'd done more than just killing Caden's men. I should've bruised the bastard as well.

"How're you feeling?" I remained calm despite the raging thoughts in my head.

"Better than I was this morning," she chuckled and winced right after.

Damn it; she was still in pain.

"You moved. You missed your room,huh?"

She didn't smile. "I-I just thought you needed the space. I mean, you've done enough taking care of me last night."

Silly girl. What in the world gave her the impression that I needed space when she was all I wanted to see?

"I see. You should get some rest, then."

I left the room, feeling angry at her for making stupid decisions for me.

＊＊＊＊十十

LYRIC

Was that disappointment I'd seen in Jaris' face?

No.I was definitely mistáken.

Not long after he left, Jace's call came into my phone. I eagerly answered, hoping he had some information on Penelope.

"She's missing, Lyric. Even her husband has been looking for her," Jace's reply stunned me.

"That means she was really in danger that night. Who might've been chasing her? Wh-What if they killed her?" My brows were creased with worry.

"No. I don't think she's dead."

"But we can't be too sure, Jace! Remember I told you I heard gunshots before the line went dead.What if...what if someone really killed her?"

"But why would they kill her when she was on the verge of revealing the truth to you?"

That I didn't know. If her life was in danger, how was revealing the truth to me the only thing on her mind?She wasn't even calling for help or anything.

"I need her, Jace,"Ipinched my brows. "She's the only one with answers."

If I could find my kids, I'd be long gone from here. But I couldn't leave without them.
###Chapter 151
JARIS

By evening, my mood wasn't any better. I was trying to distract myself with some reports from the company when Kael made his way in.

"Anything new?" I asked when he remained standing without saying a word.

He shook his head no, his hands behind his back. "If you don't mind, I was hoping I could have a word with you."

I gave him a full look. "Well, you already talking.Go on."

He still seemed hesitant. Why did I have a feeling this had to do with a certain someone I didn't like?

"It's about Jace Ashford," he finally revealed.

Damn it.I knew it.

"What about him?"

"I...know it's too much to ask, but you'd be giving me the world if you could let him move back with us をagain."

And here | was, thinking my day couldn't get any worse.

"Did that son of a bitch ask you to do this again?" I held the pen in my hand a little too tight.

"No! We just... It's been hard staying away from each other."

I glared at him before lowering my gaze to the file in front of me."You're right. It's too much to ask."

He went mute. When I didn't hear from him for a minute, I was forced to look up at him.

"We've known each other for more than fifteen years, Alpha. I have always been attracted to the same sex but always had difficulties finding the right one. You know this. But for the first time, I feel complete with this guy. I didn't understand it at first. We started off as enemies, and then I realized I always wanted to see him.Always wanted to be with him. I was the happiest when he was living with us and was broken when he was forced to move out. I've been trying... trying to make it wok between us. But the distance has been a huge barrier."

He exhaled, like he was about to reveal a huge secret. "I'm afraid I'Il lose him if I don't keep him close to me.You know, he's... he's straight. Or was. I'm not even sure. But I'd hate to wait around until he chooses to be straight forever. My life revolves around the pack, meaning I can't be anywhere else but here. And I'm telling you,I need him close to me.

"So, for the first time, Alpha, I am asking you to do something for my sake. Please. Forgive him this once.Just for me."

To say I was shocked would be an understatement. It was the first time Kael was saying so many words within a short span of time.

The cold Kael. The grumpy man who preferred using his fists to words. He had been forced into a personality I didn't recognize on him.

"How special is this man?" | asked, out of sheer curiosity."You've had a lot of people throwing themselves at you. What is it with this very man?"
0
He chuckled. "I wish I. had someone to give me that very answer. But I guess that's the crazy thing about our hearts. It beats for the people we least expect."

Unknown to him, he'd given me my own puzzle.

Was this what it felt like to love someone? You do things you've never done before and can't even explain it.

Like me drugging Lyric every night just so I could have a taste of her since I was so obsessed.

Following her to TCH to face the board because I didn't want anyone bullying her.

Losing my mind when I saw her hurt. And enjoying the sight of her in my bed.

Did this mean I'd fallen for her?

****+


MARTA

Marta placed the call for what felt like the hundredth time. He still won't pick up.

"He's not answering, grandma. It's obvious they still haven't found her body. He's clearly afraid of telling me, she grumbled to her grandmother who was going through a book.

"Why is it so hard to get anything done, huh? First it was Jace. We tried to kill him but failed. Now it's Penelope. Why is it that when it comes to this Lyric woman, things never go as planned?"

Her grandmother didn't answer. So, she went on. "I'm so afraid. What if Penelope is alive and exposes us?She might...she might know we were the ones that tried to kill her and would want to get back at us."

She brushed her fingers into her hair. "The kids are already bonding with the witch. Imagine at the party.Xyla had the guts to pick Lyric over me. How could she do something that stupid?"

She placed her hands on her waist as she glared out the window. "I'll die before I ever let that witch take my kids from me. They're mine and are trapped with me! Forever!"
주
There was a brief silence before her grandmother replied. "Maybe we've been dealing with the wrong problem. Perhaps, it's timne we tackled the issue from the source."

Marta turned around to face her, her brows drawn. "Wh-What're you talking about?"

"You should be smart enough to know." The woman glared at her."It's time we got rid of Lyric."

****++****


LYRIC
Jace was back. I didn't think this would be possible, but before midnight, he was back to Darkspire and told me he had been given a second chance by Jaris.

It wasn't until I put pressure on him that he opened up and told me Kael was behind it. Apparently, Kael convinced Jaris that they were lovers and couldn't stay away from each other.

"But how do you feel about him? Are you guys really a thing now?" I inquired when Iwas alone with him.

His countenance dropped as he stared down at the floor.

"Honestly, l-I don't know. I mean, he's a cool guy and all, and I feel happy when I'm with him."

"Okay... but you do like or love him right?" I studied his face closely for a reaction.

He hesitated before looking at me and giving me a reply. "I'm sure I do. I didn't think it was possible,but...Kael had made me feel things I never thought I'd feel for anyone."

He looked like he was saying the truth, yet I could still see that he was holding back on something.What wasn't he saying?

Anyway, I was just happy my bestfriend was back.



By the next morning, I felt much better. Although the pain was still there, but every day was better than the last.

The kids came to see me before going to school. Jaris had doubled their security, yet I still worried for them.

Anyway, I was sure they'd be fine. After all their school was within Darkspire.

Jaris came to check on me, and the whole time while he was talking, I couldn't help but fantasize about how much I'd missed the dreams. It was insane. It's only been a couple of nights, yet I already wanted to dive back into them. Something was definitely wrong with me.

The day went smoothly until evening when Jaris returned. We were talking lightly when-it was cute how comfortable we'd gotten each other-when Kael came in and whispered something into his ear. With how his brows drew, I knew it must be something serious.

"I'll boe back." He turned to leave.

"Is there a problem?" My words brought him to a stop.

He hesitated a little before opening up."It's the Executioners. They're here."

My heart froze in my chest. My jaw hit the floor and I could only hope my shock wasn't too obvious.

"Oh." I swallowed hard. "B-But why?"

"We alerted them about the dead one. We knew they'd come to get her."

My tongue was too heavy to say anything else. So, I watched him leave.

As soon as the door went shut behind him, I picked up my phone and called Jace, my fingers shaking.

"Hey,Ly-"

"Jace, they're here! The Executioners!"
###Chapter 152 
JARIS

There were five of them, and they were already waiting in front of the morgue.

The Executioners always had one thing in common-looking scary and intimidating. One look and you'd know you didn't want to mess with them.

Over time, they've been one of the bodies that operated outside the authority of the wolves. Most times,they didn't need approval to do what they wanted.

"Alpha Jaris," the one in front dipped his head when I got close, the others imitating his movement. "The name is Cole."

I nodded before going into the morgue with them.

"I was told that she died here at your party," Cole said as I led the wvay

"That's correct."

"Do you have any suspects?"

"I don't. But I was hoping you would. Because I didn't invite your partner to my party."

Reaching the fridge, the body was pulled out by one of the morgue assistants.

These people had been trained to be cold-blooded monsters. If they felt anything for their dead partner in front of them, none of them showed it. Their faces were just as stoic as when they'd come in.

"Lucy," Cole said what was I was assuming was the lady's name.

One of the female Executioner stepped forward and grabbed her wrist.

"Cole, look at this. The nail marks." The guy also observed it.

We'd seen the marks but didn't know what it meant.

"Siphon," he muttered. "She was killed by a Siphon."

"What?" Another said. "A Siphon was at the party?" This time, they directed their gaze at me.

Well, I was sure they could see the confusion on my face because I sure as hell didn't know what they were talking about. Why would a Siphon be at my kids' party?

"AlphaJaris, did you know anything about this?" Cole asked.

"If I did, i'd have said so by now."

"Could it be the same one we've been hunting?" Another asked.

"That'll make sense. Lucy probably had a lead on them which was the reason she cameto the party. Then,they killed her to protect their secret."

"But why didn't she report the suspicion to us?"

I watched as they deliberated the matter while I exchanged glances with Kael and Nerion. I knew the 'Siphon' the Executioners have been hunting. It was the lady from six years ago. My 'Princess'. The one who helped Caden escape.

How was it possible that she was at thekids' party? Why would she even come around?

Cold turned to me. "Alpha Jaris, this is a very serious situation. I hope you'll be willing to cooperate with us.
A dangerous person was at your kids' party and she needs to be found."

I nodded. "I also want her found." And I meant it.

I wanted to understand what she's been doing. She ran away at the hotel six years ago, only to help my brother escape. And now, she committed murder at my kids party.

Had she been an enemy all along? Have I been fooled by her? "First, we'll need a list of all the guests at the party."

"You'll get that."

"And while we're waiting for that, we'll need to interrogate everyone present in the pack house, right this moment. It's also possible the suspect lives here."

I shook my head. "That's not possible. If I had a Siphon living with me, I'd have known."

"With all due respect, Alpha Jaris, in our world, nothing is impossible."

I gave the go-head for the interrogation. I wouldn't even know what to do if I discovered the Siphon had been with me this whole time. But they'd sure as hell be sorry.

They asked for a list of all the people living with us which we provided. To my surprise, they picked a name at random.

"We'd like to start with your mate, please. Lyric Dreadmoor."

＊＊＊＊十十


LYRIC

Jace was with me in the room, assuring me that everything would be fine when Jaris and five unfamiliar people entered.

I didn't need to be told. My guts told me who they were already. The Executioners.

There was just something about their appearances that seemed to give their identities away. Like when someone had this constant stench and aura around them.

Maybe if I wasn't in so much pain, I'd have ran for the door already, screaming my lungs. My throat ran dry as I watched them make their way in.

They knew it was me, didn't they? Otherwise they wouldn't be here.

But Jaris didn't seem angry. If he knew I was a Siphon and have been hiding under his roof this whole time,I was sure he'd look much worse. "What's going on?" Jace stood up, his eyes darting between Jaris and the Executioners.

Jaris ignored him and only looked at me. "They're asking everyone questions. Don't worry, it's just precautionary. I've told them to make it quick with you."

1 couldn't say a word, not even a nod. I could feel beads of sweats forming on my forehead.

What if my nervousness gave me away? I really needed to stop acting this way.

But how was it possible? How could I do that when the very people that'd been after me were right in front of me? They must be angrier now knowing I killed their own. They'd strangle me to death when they learn the truth, and Jaris might not help. No. He might actually feel disgusted by me. I felt doomed.

"Sorry about your condition," the tallest man amongst them stepped forward. "We'll try to keep this as brief .as possible."

Gods, I couldn't do this. The Executioners could tell when someone was lying. So, if I do lie-which I have to-I'd be caught.

"Seriously, she doesn't need this." Jace stepped forward. "Come on, Alpha Jaris. You know she's been through a lot lately. They should go question someone else. She doesn't know shit about what happened."

Jaris only glanced at Jace for a millisecond before looking at me with concern. "Are you really not up for this?"

"Alpha Jaris, please. We're not saying she's a suspect here. We just want to see if she knows something from that day that can help with your investigation," the tall Executioner said in a grumpy tone. It didn't look like he was ready to take no for an answer.

Jaris nodded at him, giving him the go-ahead. It looked like he was also eager to get this puzzle solved.

"Okay. Ma'am Lyric, are you aware that someone died at the party that was held three days ago?"

It was painful to swallow down my dry throat. I lowered my head as I nodded.

"I'd appreciate if you could look into my eyes while you answer." I hesitated. That was the only way he could tell if I was lying or not. But if I didn't do it, they might actually grow suspicious.

I forced my eyes to meet his. He stretched his hand to a lady behind him who presented him with an iPad.He showed the screen to me, and on it was a picture of the dead Executioner.

You killed her, Lyric.

"Did you see this woman at any point in the party?"

I stared longer at the screen, my heart threatening to explode in my chest.

If only they didn't have the ability to detect lies, I wvould've easily denied this. Gotten away with it. But l couldn't lie. I'd give myself up.

replied as I looked him in the eye.
###Chapter 153 
LYRIC

I didn't expect his next question. "Did you meet her before the party by any chance?"

"Oh, come on. What is this?" Jace rasped. "Why would she meet an Executioner before now?"

"Can you let us do our job?" One of the females snapped.

"Yeah, as long as you take that job elsewhere rather than bugging an ill lady."

"Jace, it's fine." I intervened. "I'll just talk."

If he kept up with this, we'd really look suspicious.

I returned my gaze to the man. "Yes. We met at a mall where I went to get gifts for the twins."

His eyes were as dark as night, no emotions in them.

"What did you two talk about?"

I shrugged. "She told me I was beautiful."

"That's all?"

"She also asked me if I knew a certain lady. I told her I didn't and left."

He returned the tab to his partner."And did you two talk at the party?"

I took another dry gulp. "Yes."

"Where?"

"She followed me away from the party. I was actually shocked to see her. She told me.she was into girls and liked me which was the reason she approached me at the mall the previous day. But well, I wasn't into girls.  So, I ran away and left her there." I did run away. But it was her corpse I left her behind.

He held my stare as powerfully as gravity.

I added something else. "While we were talking though, I think someone was watching us. I heard the steps of someone running, but when I went to check I didn't find anyone. That was just before I left as well. It was the last time I saw the Executioner."

"Do you think this person might've been following your partner?" Jaris asked. "Maybe she's the Siphon, and when Lyric left, she went in and attacked?"

The tall man held my stare for a little longer before he sighed and looked away."So far, she's telling the truth. Are there any cameras where this happened?"

"Sadly,no."

He nodded. "I guess we'll just question the others and see what they know. Our culprit is definitely close."He turned to me. "Thank you for your time."

They went out the door, giving me the privilege to release the long breath I'd been holding.

I didn't lie. All I did was tell half of the truth, and to them, it was still the truth.

Jaris, however, stayed behind.

"Why didn't you tell me you've met this woman before?"

I fumbled with the bedcover. "I'm-I'm sorry. I just didn't want to make it seem weird that a dead woman had been hitting on me."

He shook his head."Take care. I'll check on you later."

The moment he went out the door, I broke into tears.

＊＊＊＊十＋＊＊＊＊＋

The week passed by in a blur and turned into two. I was completely fine and ready to get back to TCH the following day. My relationship with Jaris has gotten better. Both physically and in the dreams. We were more free with each other and even cracked jokes from time to time.

This side of him was exciting.

That night in my dream, he made love to me in a different way. He gave me the one thing I've always fantasized about. He pleasured my clit with his tongue and I had the best kind of orgasm ever.

When I woke up in the morning, I could still feel the impact of the dream. There was this constant sweetness in my lower belly and a kind of warmth it spread each time I remembered how good it felt. It was crazy how real these dreams always were. Yet I was sure that was aIl they were.

Jaris might've become friendly with me, but l was sure he wasn't sexually attracted to me. He wouldn't do the things he did to me in the dream in reality. No; I was sure he'd never touch me that way.

I hummed happily as I got ready for work. After three weeks, my suspension at TCH had finally been lifted.I knew it wouldn't be easy, but I was excited to be back.

"I'm done. Come on," I said to Jace who had been sitting on the bed, reading the newspaper.

"Woah. Who's this badass doctor?" He dropped the paper and stood up.

I rolled my eyes at him.

Jace had offered to be my personal bodyguard. It hadn't been easy convincing Jaris to let that happen. Let's just say he felt more secured knowing Jace and Kael had a thing. Besides, I think he was convinced that Jace was simply my best friend and nothing sexual could ever spark between us.

When Jace and I got outside, we found a brand new car parked next to mine. It had ribbons tied in front of it,like it was a present or something.

It was a white Titan Pulse and looked really classy. I wondered who owned it.

I was opening my front door when two guards stepped forward from around the new car.

"Good morning, Luna. We were asked to deliver this to you." My brows furrowed as I stared at the car key in his hand.

"I don't understand. You were asked by who?"

"Alpha Jaris." The second guard held out a card to me.

I hesitated before taking it from them. I didn't understand this. Jaris got me a car? How? He didn't have a reason to.

"Looks like someone is about to drive a new car. AKA, me." Jace chuckled, already going to check out the car.

Opening the card, I was stunned by the content.

'We had a deal at the party. Congrats.'

I pinched my brows as I laughed. What in Moon's name? He was referring to the game!

"I can't believe this!" I hurried to also check out the car. It was damn cool and must've cost a fortune. How could he get me something this expensive for a stupid deal we made at a game?
###Chapter 154 
LYRIC

By the time I finished going through the interior, Kael had arrived.

"Do you like it?" He kept a straight face as he asked.

"I love it! Is the Alpha in?" | wouldn't mind going over to his room to thank him.

"No. He stepped out already."

I held the car key dearly to my chest. "Thank you so much. I'll definitely reach out to him. I love this."

He nodded before drifting his attention to Jace who had been quiet since he arrived.

"Hi,Jace."

"Hey.How you doing?"

Kael shrugged, "Cool, I guess."

There was a certain sadness in Kael's eyes.

"Um... I guess I'll get going." I cut in and tried going into my old car, but Jace pulled me back.

"Nope. I'm driving my new car." He took the key from me and settled in the driver's seat.

In a couple of minutes, we were driving out the gates.

"We should've taken the ribbons off at least!" I grumbled.

"Nope.How then would everyone know it was a gift?"

I laughed.

"How are things with you and Kael?" His demeanor changed. Why did he always get this way whenever I brought the Beta up?

"We cool. We um...spent the night together."

My eyes widened as amusement colored my cheeks. Jace glanced at me and expressed horror at the thought he knew must be going through my mind.

"No. Not what you think. We didn't have sex. Is sex all you think about,Lyric?"

"Why?!" | expressed disappointment."I mean, how can you two even spend the night together and not have sex?"

He twisted his lips, making it obvious he was holding back from saying something.

"Why don't we talk about you? Why is Alpha Grumpy gifting you expensive cars? Have you also been spending your nights with him?" He pulled a suspicious stare at me.

"No!" I hit his arm. "He's just keeping his own part of the deal. And that reminds me, I need to call him."

I reached for my phone and placed the call.

He didn't pick up, but before I could drop the phone, his call camne in.

"Doctor Lyric," he called me by the new name he preferred.

I chuckled. "Alpha Jaris. I trust your morning is going fine?"

"It should.Yours?"

Geez.I loved how deep and masculine he sounded on phone.

"My morning was perfectly fine and got even better when I saw the car. It's good to know you are a man of your word. No wonder Darkspire is thriving."

There was a pause from his end. It made me wonder-was he smiling?

"Delighted to know I have a fan," his response made me smile.

"Thank you so much, Alpha Jaris. I love it. But I think you should've gone for something smaller." I honestly didn't want to imagine how expensive this must have been. Although I knewv it wasn't a big deal for someone like him.

"You're worth it, Lyric."

My eyes widened in astonishment, my heart rate seeming to slow down for some seconds. I didn't need to look in the rearview to know there must be color on my cheeks.

I was worth it. It was the first time those specific words were being said to me, and I couldn't begin to describe how wholesome they made me feel.

"But if you're feeling guilty, you could make it up to me, you know?" His words brought me back to the conversation.

"And...how would you suppose I do that?"

"You could treat me to dinner."

I wanted to laugh. But it sounded fun.

"I think I could do that. What's your schedule like for the evening?"

"Tight. But I could squeeze you in if you're up for it. Although, I must warn you-you have to be rich. I don't go to cheap diners, Ms. Lyric."

I laughed. "I think I'm rich enough. Count me in."

"Hm.See you then."

The call ended. Yet the warmth in my heart didn't.

"Someone has definitely been sleeping around," Jace said in a sing-song tone. "Because tell me, what is all this sweetness?"

I giggled, unable to defend myself.

For the first time in my life, it felt like I was in a normal relationship. Although, I knew it was only a fantasy as 1 was merely his mate. But I liked whatever was going on between Jaris and I. And maybe someday, just someday,we could be more.

'Don't be ridiculous, Lyric. It's only for a year,' that snacky voice tried to ruin my joy but I didn't let it.

Today was going to be a special one.

"Any news on Penelope?" | asked a while later, my demeanour changing.

Jace shook his head no, and that was enough to ruin the small peace I'd felt. Why wasn't she reachable? It's been two weeks already.Could she be dead?

Over the past two weeks, I'd been worried sick I didn't even consider resuming at TCH despite my suspension being over. It was Jace's idea to actually resume so I could occupy my mind with something else. Plus, he mentioned that it'd be easier getting information if I was out here meeting people.

We still :had Caden's problem. He gave Jaris a week. It's been two weeks and we were yet to hear from him.There had been no attacks from the Feeders either. It looked a little suspicious. But all we could do was hope he was really off our backs.

We finally reached TCH and I went in without Jace. He said he had somewhere to be but asked me to call him as soon as I needed a ride.

Walking through the ground floor, I couldn't help feeling a little nervous. I could tell all eyes were on me despite how much I tried to ignore them.

I was seen as the clumsy doctor. The one who caused the death of four patients. If it wasn't for the encouraging words of the people around me, I wasn't sure I'd have had the confidence to come back here.

I took a deep breath when I was alone in the elevator.

"You didn't do anything wrong, Lyric. You didn't kill those patients," I said to myself.

I stopped by Guinevere's office to let her know I was back. She seemed happy to have me back and even gave me some words of encouragement.

I checked on a few other doctors and got my schedule for the day. In less than an hour, I was set to check on my first patient.

But before I proceeded, I went to a particular doctor l'd been eager to speak with. I knocked on the door and walked in when she ushered me in.

Marta Monroe looked all professional behind her desk, in her transparent glasses. She was holding some files but her brows furrowed when she saw me.

"Lyric." She adjusted in her seat. "You're back."

My lips lifted in a smile. "| am."

"Well,can I help you with something?"

"Oh, please," I huffed, crossing my arms. "If there's anyone that needs help between the both of us, it's you."

She said nothing, her expression hard to read.

"Tell me, Marta, are you disappointed that I'm back? I'm sure you thought I'd have my license revoked when you pulled that big plan of yours."①

She rubbed her temple, as if exhausted. "Look, Lyric; if you came here to spit gibberish, I'd suggest you use the door. I'm very busy and don't-"

"No, you listen to me." I stepped forward. "One of the reasons I was determined tocome back here despite how hard it was was because I wanted to get back at you. You fucking hurt me, Marta. Not just by getting me suspended, but by killing those innocent patients in my name.How could you be so evil?"

"I didn't kill anyone!" She snapped.

"And I don't care. You can lie all you want, but know this Marta, I'll make you pay for what you did to those people."

She stood up, her eyes like shards of glass. "Get out of my office. Now."

1 glared down at her, then took my eyes round the office. "You don't have to insist. It smels like evil in here, anyway."

I started toward the door.

"You know, if I were you, Lyric, I'd be careful who l make threats to."

I stopped at the door, giving her an amused stare. "You must be mistaken, 'cause I didn't threaten you. You see, I only gave you facts about what would happen soon. I, Lyric Harper, would gladly watch the day you fall from this stupid throne of yours."

Her eyes glinted with rage, but her lips stretched in a wicked smile.

"We'll see, then."

I smiled at her and walked out the door. Marta didn't know what was coming for her. She had no idea I had a perfect dish waiting to be served.
###Chapter 155
LYRIC

Work went smoothly for the rest of the day.

By evening when I was done with my shift, I called Jace and he met me in the parking lot.

I noticed something off the moment I settled in the car.

"Where have you been the whole day?" | turned to Jace.

"Uh..just cruising around with some friends?"

He focused on driving the car while | focused my eyes on his body. He looked like he had been very busy.

Then I saw it. The mark on his neck. It was that of a lipstick.

"Where the hell have you been, Jace?!" My voice was more alarmed.

"What? I just told you I was with some friends."

"Yeah, but you didn't tell me they were females. What sort of game were you playing that she'd leave her lips on your neck?"

His hand quickly went to his neck, making it obvious he didn't even know it was there.

"Shit," he cursed as he reached for a napkin and wiped it.

I didn't feel good about this. "Jace, what were you doing with this lady?"

"Nothing, Lyric. You have to believe me and stop.asking questions."

I was nowhere close to satisfied, but I let it be.

As soon as we got home, I checked on Xyla and Xylon. Xylon had gotten way better over the month. It was impressive. He'd stopped having his crisis, and I was sure in no time, he'd be completely fine. Hopefully,by the time I find my kids and I'm ready to leave, he'd be strong enough.

After spending a little time with them, I proceeded to my room to get ready for my dinner with Jaris.

I was applying my nude lipstick when his text came in.

'I'm outside.

Extra Note: could you make use of the red lipstick tonight?'

I pulled an amused look at his request. Why was he specific about it? Had he always loved it?

I chuckled and eagerly wiped the nude lipstick off, replacing it with red.

I gave myself one final look in the mirror. I was wearing a red sleeveless jumpsuit, black heels, black hair styled in a messy bun, and red lipstick. I didn't need anyone to tell me l looked stunning.

I made my way outside and found Jaris waiting outside the car, his arms crossed. His gaze dragged from my head to toe, lingering on my lips. And I didn't miss the amusement in his eyes.

"You look gorgeous," he complimented, but I could tell he wanted to say more.

"You too, Mr.Jaris."

He gave a small smile as he stepped aside and to my surprise, opened the driver's door for me.

"Come on," he tilted his head.

"You want me to drive?" It was one of his most expensive cars. But that wasn't even the case. He'd always been the one to drive whenever we were together.

"This is your treat. You're taking care of me from the start of the evening to the very end."

I chuckled and finally stepped in. His ideas were crazy, but I loved them.

Afterall, he's been giving me some sort of Princess treatment for the past few weeks. Maybe it was time l returned the favour. We drove out of Darkspire with him sitting in the passenger seat beside me. It was amusing how it didn't even feel weird.

I drove to one of the best diners in Darkspire. I'd never been here before but did my research during the day and even booked a reservation.

People couldn't stop staring as I walked in with their Alpha. Well, the rumours have always been that Jaris and I were existing in a loveless relationship. They probably never expected us to walk in here together some day.

We placed our orders and had a good time over our meals.

Jaris asked me how my resumption was at TCH, and I told him it'd been bearable. The other patients didn't know I'd been behind what happened, so they didn't act weird around me.

We talked about so many other things, and I even had the courage to ask him about his plan for when he became the Alpha King.

"I plan to unite the Packs. Right now, the whole hierarchy system has ruined us. Some Alphas feel superior to others, and while this is important, the hierarchy system makes the lower Alphas feel less significant and pressured to always do more."

I was stunned by his reply.

"So...would you be dissolving the hierarchy system when you become King?"

He shrugged and drank from his glass of red wine."Can't say for now. But I'll definitely be making it less humiliating for the lower Alphas. Let's see how it goes."

I smiled, eager to see Jaris Dreadmoor becoming King. He'd make the perfect king. And me, his grand Luna.Our contract might be expiring in nine months, but at least for that short period of time, I'd be his Luna and grand Luna to every other.

I wasn't one to be freaked by power display, but it'd be nice ruling beside Jaris like that.

"Hope you enjoying the meal?" | asked a while later. "Sure am. You made the right choice."

A minute later, I stood up. "I think I need to use the restroom. I'll be back."

I just suddenly became pressed without control.

I used the restroom and as I washed my hands in the sink, thoughts of Jaris filled my mind.

I'd never felt this happy in a long time. Jaris and I being 'together this way, it was something I didn't realize I've always wanted.

Ugh, if only the Executioners weren't looking for the old me, I'd have gladly told him who I was.

I was air-drying my hands when I heard footsteps behind me. Figuring it would be a female coming to use the restroom, I didn't bother for a look.

But I heard them stop behind me.

"Hey,Lyric."

My heart went from pumping to frosty in a heartbeat. Chills traveled all the way from my head to my spine and down to my toes.

My eyes were wide as I dragged them to the mirror ahead of me. Behind me was the monster. The very onel spent weeks trying to get over. The very one I'd been praying to the Moon goddess never to let me see again.

Caden was rigt behind me, and there was no stopping the scream that escaped my lips.
###Chapter 156
LYRIC

He was onto me before the scream could fully form, his hand pressing heavily on my mouth.

I fought with all I had-my legs, my entire body. I thrashed against him, still trying to scream and wriggle out of his hold.

But he was too strong. He wouldn't let me.

"I'm not here to hurt you, but if you keep struggling, you'll make me do it."

. I stopped, majorly because my body was already growing tired from struggling with him.

"I'l take mny hand off now. But you can't scream, Lyric. You wouldn't want to know what would happen if you do."

| swallowed tersely around the lump that had long formed in my throat. How the hell did he get into Darkspire and into this diner?

Slowly, he pulled his hand away, but I was too scared to attempt streaming again.

My body quivered as I shrank backward, wanting to get away from him. Expect the sink was right behind me, and he was just in front of me. There was nowhere for me to go.

"Please, let me go." The sight of him was already bringing back memories I'd been trying so hard to bury.

Seeing that I was complying, he looked more relaxed. He crossed his arms as he leaned against the wal behind him.

"Wow," his eyes went from my head to toe. "You look stunning."

My eyes darted to the door. I wished someone would show up.

"You've been on my mind, Lyric." He lifted his hand to my hair. I thought he was about to hit me, so l

flinched. But he only wrapped some strands of hair around his finger.

"For two weeks. I've not been able to stop thinking about you, and it's been crazy. You know," he lowNered his hand from my hair, crisscrossing them again. "When I abducted you, I only wanted to hurt you. So, tell me why I've been unable to stop thinking about you."

I was too scared to even understand what he was saying. I could hear him talking, but his words were barely registering, my mind too focused on getting the hell.out of here.

He brought his hand to my lips, and this time, I pushed it off without thinking.

"Stop touching me!" My rib cage was a rollercoaster, climbing high and plunging deep.

He brought his hand again, so calmly like I hadn't just slapped it away. I tried to do the same thing, but his other hand grabbed mine, a silent warning passing through his eyes, telling me not to oppose him any further.

When he was sure I wouldn't fight him anymore, he released my hand. "Red looks good on you." He pressed my bottom lip between his thumb and index finger. "Did Jaris ask you to wear it for him?"

I looked at him, perplexed.How did he know?

He smiled when he noticed my confusion. "So, he did ask you."

He ran his thumb across the seam of my lips. "Red lips are his favorite. He fell in love with them when Etta,his first girlfriend always wore it on. It was her favorite."

My brows knitted in confusion, struggling with the dread in my stomach.

"When she died, he had his next girlfriends always put on red."

Etta was dead? So... Jaris loved red lips because it reminded him of a dead girl?

Caden dropped his hand from my lips. "Did I mention he was actually the one that killed her?"

What?!

The monster laughed at my shock. "Looks like you've been in the dark about a lot of things, Lyric."

No. He was trying to mess with my head, and I'd be a fool to let him.

"You're not safe with someone like Jaris, you know? Especially not now, after my little gift to him tonight."

My confusion only got worse. "Wh-What're you talking about?"

He smirked. "Don't worry, you'll see."

My eyes darted to the door again. "Please, let me go."

His hand came to my hair again, caressing my edges. "Do you have an answer yet? As to why I keep thinking about you? Every night before I go to sleep, every morning when I wake up. And even when I'm supposed to be working during the day. Your'face comes into view, distracting me."

I pushed his hand away despite how scared I was.

"Stop touching me. I don't want you here. Please, let me go!" I whimpered, my panic level rising.

I was so scared that the next minute, his claws might be descending on me. I couldn't aford to go through the same pain he put me through three weeks ago. I hated him and would do anything to watch him suffer.But for now, I wanted to be away.

"Lyric," he called my name softly, his hand coming to my jaw. Why wouldn't he just stop touching me for crying out loud?!

"Such beauty."

My eyes glistened with unshed tears.

He finally took some steps back, "We'll see each other again. Pretty soon."

I watched with crushing relief as he walked out the door.

I turned around and gripped the sink to stop myself from falling. I still tried so hard to hold back the tears.I couldn't cry because of him. No, I couldn't let him win.

Leaving the restroom and returning to my space with Jaris, my body was shaking uncontrollably.I rubbed my hands against my arm, still having this fear of the monster being around.

Jaris stopped eating as soon as he saw me.

"Hey,you okay?"

I couldn't say a word and clumsily took my seat. The fear was so deep-rooted in me, it was killing.

"Lyric!" Jaris called more urgently."What's wrong?"

I guess it was that obvious that I looked shaken.

"J-1 saw him." I looked around the diner, like he could be hanging around or something.

Jaris didn't ask who I was referring to. He didn't need to.

He sprang to his feet immediately, reaching for his phone and running toward the back of the diner.
###Chapter 157
LYRIC

Despite his efforts and involving some of the guards around the perimeter, they still weren't able to get Caden.

It was frightening to know he could easily penetrate the Pack without being noticed. How was any of us safe?

How was I safe?

Adrenaline had been saving me while I was in that restroom with him. Now that I was finally out, I could feel the entire fear my brain had been trying to protect me from.

The monster who had tortured me for hours almost laid his hands on me today again.

Kael drove us home while Jaris and I stayed in the backseat, his hand holding mine firmly.

"You're safe, Lyric. He's gone." He kept saying assuring words to me, probably because he could still see how shaken I was.

I couldn't utter a word. And when we got home and he led me to my room, a new fear settled in my guts.

The things Caden had said about him. Did he mean them? Did Jaris really kill his ex? And did he make me wear rid lipstick 'cause it was her favorite?

Caden made him look like a dangerous person, and I didn't even know what to think.

"Would you like to sleep in mine instead?" Jaris asked when I sat on my bed, my arms wrapped around myself.

I shook my head. "I-I just want to be alone."

"Okay. But do you need anything?" I shook my head.

"There will be two guards stationed outside your window the entire night. You and I know you won't be needing them, they're just there to make you feel better. Will that make you feel better?"

I nodded even if I barely understood what he said. My head was a mess and I just wanted him to leave already.

He gave a clip nod and exited the room. I could see he was also pissed and was only trying to keep calm around me.

As soon as he left, I rushed in and locked the door. I wasn't scared of him-hell no. But I just didn't want to be around anyone at the moment.

Alone at last, I finally let the tears flow.

＊＊＊＊十＋＊＊＊＊＋


JARIS

This was all fucked up.

Something in my guts kept telling me the asshole might find a way to sneak into the Pack one day, but l just didn't want to believe he could get past the new security without being seen.

I guess I underestimated how slimy he could be.

After making sure Lyric was safe in her room, I drove out of the pack, driving around and hoping to miraculously run into him. I hoped that somehow, he was around somewhere.If I could lay my hands on him....

Unfortunately, after driving for hours, there was no luck. I tried to check for Lyric again only to discover she had locked her door.

I couldn't blame her, and I hated the asshole for traumatizing her this way.

I took a cold bath before retiring to bed. The sleep wasn't forthcoming, not when my mind wouldn't stop
replaying different scenarios of what I could do to Caden.

My head started to ache, and eventually, the sleep did come.

It was pleasant at first, until it wasn't.

I had a dream. One I was never supposed to have.

One that only meant trouble whenever I had it back then.

I was feeding off of someone.

I'd split their wrist with my claw and was sucking from it.

It was the best meal I'd had in years. Despite being a dream, the blood tasted real. Smelt reel.

It was juicy, and I could hear every sound I made while I sucked off of it. The person's pained moan was quite obvious too. Everything was heightened.

I should stop. You're only supposed to take a sip and stop.

Except | couldn't.

Not when it was the best thing I'd had and the best thing I'd been trying so hard to bury. Why have I been running away from this? In what world was it right?

I didn't stop.

Until it was too late.

Until the victim dropped dead to the ground.




I woke up to a fog of pain swirling in my/ head, an aching throat, and my arms and legs feeling like they had run a marathon in the night.

The first thing I did was reach out to the men to know if there had been any sign of Caden or his people.Unfortunately, there was no luck. It wasn't until I was brushing my teeth that the memory of the dream came to me, and I froze immediately,trying to recall all of it.

What the hell?

Strangely enough, I could still feel the taste of blood on my tongue.

It wasn't normal, and it bothered the hell out of me.

Fully dressed and ready for work, I stopped by Lyric's room. She opened up when I knocked, still wearing her pyjamas. She was on afternoon shift.

Well,yes.I knew her schedules.

"Hey," I leaned against the doorframe, my hands in my pocket. "Slept well?"

"Y-Yeah. Good morning."

Her hand was holding the door, her eyes barely meeting mine.

"Do you feel better?"

"I guess so."

There was a pause. "I think I'd assign a guard to assist Jace in keeping you company for the day."

She nodded.

Woah. She didn't even try to object or anything. She must be damn scared.

I should probably go. But | couldn't help noticing there was something wrong with her. She didn't look comfortable around me.

"Is there something you need to tell me,Lyric?"

She kept quiet.

"Lyric?" She crossed her arms, her eyes dancing on the floor and unable to meet mine.

"I uh...I just have a question, that's all." She looked nervous.

"What is it?"

This time, she met my gaze. "Did you ask me to wear a red lipstick because it used to be Etta's favorite?"

There was a long pause.

One where for a long time, I was speechless.

Nothing in the world could've prepared me for the question Lyric threw at me.

I stood unblinking for some seconds, my head playing around scenarios.

Oh,Caden.How could he?

"No." I squared my jaw.

"But was it her favorite?" There was a slight tremor in her voice. She looked really hurt and betrayed. WVhat the hell?

"If it was, then there's no way you can tell me you didn't miss it on her, hence the reason you liked it on me."

"Lyric, stop this." My voice was harsher than l intended.

"Did you kill her?"

By the hunts, damn it!

"Was she the one Maddy had been talking about? She-She mentioned you killing a past lover. Goodness,she had been right all along. You did kill someone."①

She brushed her fingers into her hair, appearing so paranoid. The sight broke me.

"Listen, we'll have this conversation some other time when you're calmer. I can't deal with this right now."

1 tried walking away. "Why don't you just tell me! Huh? Tell me the truth, Jaris. Did you kill your ex-lover? Is that what you do?"

"It's 'Alpha Jaris!'" I growled at her, my eyes glowing red.

My voice was thick and echoed through the space. It drew a deep shiver from her, her eyes round with fear.

I realized my mistake as soon as it was over.

I used my Alpha voice on her, bringing my beast to the surface. It was the first time I was using it in years because I knew the effect it always had on people. I couldn't believe l just terrified Lyric with it.

She took a step back, her hand shaking slightly on the door.

I didn't know the right words to say to her in that moment. So, I watched quietly as she retreated into the room.

"I-I should go inside," she mumbled before slamming the door shut.
###Chapter 158
LYRIC

It took me a while to get over Jaris' action that morning.

I hated that I argued with him. But I only wanted answers. And maybe I did get a little paranoid, but |wouldn't really blame myself with everything that's been happening to me.

So,how could he growl at me? His beast has been so close to the surface. He could've easily hurt me.

I got ready for my afternoon shift and left with Jace and the guard Jaris assigned to me. I was overly quiet during the ride, staring out the window and trying not to cry at the recollection of my argument with Jaris.

Twice we've tried to have dinner, and twice something had ruined it. It was as if even the universe was fighting against us.




I had a complex surgery to perform today.

I was going through the patient's file when Marta barged into my office.

"What do you think you're doing, Lyric?" She asked as soon as she entered, leaving me temporarily confused.

"Why did you attend to my patients today?" She clarified.

Oh.

"Marta, it's unprofessional to just barge into people's offices. There's a doorfor a reason."

"Damm it, answer my question! Have you lost your mind? What gave you the right to go to them?"

I couldn't help my smile. "Why are you so worked up about it? Every patient is our responsibility in here. Or...are they requesting for me now instead of you?" I knew the very patients she was referring to. Those were our VIPs. People who held powerin our world.

The doctors and nurses always thrived to attend to these patients because they looked forward to being owed a favour by them. Marta had been in charge of four, and immediately I arrived today, I went to them.Of course, it was easy for sweet Lyric to be liked by all. It was even easier when I secretly siphoned their pain and made them more relaxed.

"We are all shared into separate tasks, Lyric," Marta approached with a fierce look, her eyes shooting icy arrows straight to the heart. "I'll not say this again. Don't ever go near any patient of mine."

"I'm afraid you don't tell me what to do anymore."

"Are you stupid? I'm your superior!"

. Ugh. Superior, my ass.

I rolled my eyes to show I didn't care, and that seemed to infuriate her the more.

She gave me a threatening look before storming out the door.




The surgery was a success. Everyone was happy about it.

It was the last thing I had to do for the day. So, after cleaning up, I was gathering my things in the office to go home.

Only I didn't exactly feel like going home. Maybe I could go pay a visit to Juan and Becky.

I was fixing up my bag when my door opened. For the love of the Moon, what was it with people and barging into my office today?

It got even worse when I looked up and discovered it was Kayla and Margot.

"Please don't come into my office without knocking," I couldn't keep the bitterness from my voice.

They both stop at the doorway, giving me a weird look from head to toe. "Do you need something?" |asked when they wouldn't say anything.

"Nah. We've just been curious. How did you cope with the knowledge that four people died because of your carelessness?" Kayla asked. "Those people had been getting better already. But they were snatched out of the arms of their loved ones because some stupid doctor was careless."

I felt my cheeks blaze at her insult.

"I didn't kill them." I was already tired of saying those words when no one ever believed them. "Besides, the incident is in the past and has been settled. You have no right to come to my office and-"

"Oh, please!" Margot waved her hand in the air to.cut me off. "How were you just suspended for three weeks?! Your license should've been seized! You shouldn't be allowed to practice for the rest of your life."

"Of course, she was behind under the shelter of Alpha Jaris. I bet being mated to him is your biggest achievement."

"Would you rather he's mated to you?" | snapped at them. "Because right now you two sound so pained."

"Please spare us. We know it's your highest achievement to-"

"Why don't you answer the question?"

I wasn't the one who interrupted them. It was a male voice-one I'd recognize anywhere.

I gasped and looked behind them, but I couldn't see him yet.

But when they turned and gasped, I knew he was there. He was probably behind the door which was why l couldn't see him yet.

"A-Alpha Jaris!"

"Greetings,Alpha!"

"We-We didn't know you were here."

I heard footsteps, then Jaris was finally visible to me. His eyes were winter cold as they looked at me, then at the doctors.

"I guess I'll need to have a discussion with your superior, because i seems there must have introduced a new rule that gives freedom to people like you to intimidate others."

"N-No. Not at all, Alpha! We were just-"

"You'I still get punished for this. But the next time you bother her, it'll be the last time you work as a ddoctor here. And trust me, I'll know."

Even I was intimidated from where I stood.

The doctors bowed their heads clumsily. It was funny how they were so scared when their mouths had been so sharp a minute ago. Well, only a fool wouldn't fear Jaris, especially now that he was about to become Alpha King. He could get a lot of things done without stress.

The doctors ran off, not even glancing back at me.

I was finally able to think clearly. What was Jaris doing here?

"Hi." I nervously grabbed the strap of my bag. His words and anger from that morning still terrified me.

He leaned against the doorframe, his hands in his pocket.

I couldn't resist a peek at him. He looked like a gentleman. A very handsome one.

But he's dangerous, Lyric.

He's also the father of your kids.

My heart skipped a beat at the thought. If my twins were really alive, they'd be children to Jaris Dreadmoor.Would I tell him about it? I hadn't even thought of it yet.

"You done for the evening?" He asked, his voice calm and different from the hostility he'd used on the doctors a while ago.

"Yes." How did he even know? He moved away from the doorframe. "Let's go, then."

"You...came to pick me up?"

He shrugged. "Looks like it."

Wow.

"Okay.Um...I'H need to call Jace and-"

"I already took care of Jace."

I was a little stunned. He really planned this.

"Thanks." I grabbed my bag and left the office with him.

Something about this felt sweet. Knowing we'd just argued that morning and this evening he was coming to get me from work. It sent a delightful shiver through my stomach, like bubbles dancing inside.
###Chapter 159 
LYRIC

We derived joy and I found myself loving the way his hand moved around the steering. Like it was the first time I was seeing him.

We drove in silence, buildings and people passing us by.

We reached a quiet place in Darkspire and that was when he stopped, by the side of the road.

I looked around and was confused. We weren't close to the Park. So, why did he stop?

Before I could throw the question at him, he spoke up.

"I've never had a real girlfriend."

My brain hit a brief pause. The world outside was suddenly blurred as I focused on him.

"Etta and I...we were never in a relationship; we only had an understanding. My brother and I were simply playing games with her at first. She didn't care and let us do what we wanted to her."

And by playing with her, he meant sleeping with her.

"Until one day, Caden became more attracted to her and wanted to keep her for himself. I backed off and he believed she was his girlfriend. But unknown to him, Etta had always had eyes for me. The reason she agreed to be with my brother and I was because it was the only way she could be near me. She told Caden she couldn't be with him and always came to be with me. But I stll didn't want her. Never been the type to want something serious with girls."

"Why?" The question slipped from my lips.

He shrugged and chuckled. "A lot of people wanted my brother and I because of our status. Our Pack has always been the highest ranking. Most of them wanted me more because they knew I was better "Etta choosing me, it caused a rift between Caden and I. She was quite beautiful, and maybe, overtime, I became attracted to her. Yes, red was her favorite. But I don't like red lipstick because of her." He turned on his seat to lock eyes with me.

"Etta was the first girl I did pay attention to. I always saw her on red lipstick and realized I enjoyed seeing it on the ladies | like.I realized it was a beautiful color for the lips. But that's as far as it goes, Lyric. It's just like someone introducing you to a new meal which is their favorite. You taste the meal, fall in love with it, and it also becomes your favorite. That doesn't mean each time you eat it, you're thinking of that person.It just simply became your favorite."

It was hard holding a grudge against him after all these. He spoke to me like a teacher would a child.It amused me that he cared this much about my feelings and really wanted to clear things up.

My chest swelled with pride. If the circumstances were different, I'd have given him a hug right now.

"I understand." I nodded. "Thank you."

I let a brief moment pass before I added. "He... also said you killed her."

He readjusted himself to face forward, his hand tightening around the steering.

"It was an accident," his voice had turned frosty. "I'd never intentionally hurt Etta on my own."

"B-But what happened?"

"It was an accident, Lyric. Leave it be." His voice was a little rough it startled me.

He took a deep breath as he pinched the bridge of his nose.

"I just hate talking about it. But if you could trust me, then you must know it was an accident."

I nodded, already scared of insisting on it. Besides, if it was something he could talk about, I was sure he would have already.

"We should go homeadded with a small smile. "I could really use a warm bath right now."

That brought a small smile from him. He started the car, but before we could get back to the road, he got a call. The phone was beside him, so l could see it was Kael.

He picked the call and put it on speaker.

Kael's voice didn't sound pleasant when he spoke."Alpha, you'll want to get down here. Millow street. It's important."




Millow Street was just within Darkspire.

Jaris and I headed there and arrived in less than twenty minutes.

Kael and some of the guards were gathered there, making me more worried. Was one of our people dead again? For three weeks, there's been no more deaths. I was hoping it was over.

I followed Jaris out of the car, and just like I feared, there was a body on the ground.

The person's wrist had been slit, and his face was pale which was something that only happened when a Feeder drained you of your blood.

"How did a Feeder get in when you've been keeping an eye out for them?" Jaris questioned the guards.

"We apologize, Alpha. We were very careful and have no idea how this one must've found his or her way in,"one of the guards said.

"This one seems a bit strange, though," Kael pointed out. "Normally, the Feeders use their fangs to pierce the neck and drink immediately. But there were no bite marks on this person's neck. The only mark is the one on his wrist, and it seems that was where his blood was drained from. The wrist was slit by a claw,which doesn't seem like the Feeders way."

"So, are you saying this might not have been a Feeder?" Jaris asked.

"We can't say for sure. Since their blood was drained, it's possible it was them. Perhaps, they're trying out a new method or something." Jaris remained silent for some time, as did everyone.

"Identify the body and let his family know." He turned to the guards."1need you to be more useful around here.You only have one job at night-stop those monsters from getting into my Pack."②

They bowed their heads. "We'll try our very best, Alpha."

I felt colder as we walked back to the car. Jarisalso looked worried. It was more noticeable when he was away from his men.

"I'm sure this will come to an end soon," I said to him, trying to help with the situation.

He brushed his hands through his hair as he shook his head, but he didn't say a word.

His hand reached for the key to turn on the ignition, but before he could touch it, something strange happened.

He suddenly groaned and fell backward,hitting his head on the seat rest.

"Alpha Jaris!" I took off my seatbelt and held him. "What is wrong?"

His hand gripped his forehead, like it was aching. My anxiety shot to a whole new level when I noticed he was bleeding from the nose.

No. No. No. What was happening?
###Chapter 160 
LYRIC

The window was tinted, so the people out there couldn't see what was happening.

Just as I was about to open the door to rush out, he seemed to calm down. His hand dropped from his head as he slowly opened his eyes. More blood had stopped rolling out of his nose, only the old trail left.

"Are you alright?!" My voice was in high pitch.

He looked at me and seemed a little perplexed.

"Y-You're bleeding." I quickly reached for my bag and fished out my napkin. He tried to take it from me so he could do it himself but l avoided his hand and took care of the bleeding myself.

His breathing seemed a little uneven, but we didn't say a word to each other until I was done cleaning.

"What happened?" My voice was quieter.

"I don't know." He frowned, his eyes staring down at the steering in thought.

Something clicked in my mind.

"Caden told me something else last night. He said he left a little gift for you."

I wasn't even sure if the two were related. I just didn't want to hold any information back.

Jaris looked at me and said nothing. Without a word, he started thecar.

"M-Maybe I should drive."

"I'm fine,Lyric."

.But I was still so worried and kept looking out for him the entire ride home. I was beyond relieved when we got to Darkspire successfully.

"Lyric," he calmly called as he pulled out the car key. "I didn't mean what | said this morning."

I was confused until he added, "I actually like it when you call me by my name."

I stared at him in disbelief before a smile broke free. It was enough to make me feel a little better

"Okay," I replied in a small voice.

We came out of the car together.

"Don't you think we should go to the pack clinic? If I could get some ingredients, I could-"

"I'm fine. Stop worrying, will you?"

I took a deep breath and followed him into the house.

"You don't have to watch my every step, Lyric. I'm not one of your patients who's been diagnosed with a life-threatening condition. All I had was a little headache."

"And bloody nose," I rolled my eyes as I added, chuckling as well.

How did he even know I was actually watching his steps, scared he might trip or something?

He did look very strong though. It was just hard to get over what I'd seen in the car.

He paused when he noticed I was following him to his room.

"What are you now, my nanny?"

I doubled over in laughter. Here I was being concerned for someone who was making fun of me.

"I just feel like seeing you off," I shrugged.

We continued walking.

"Do you think your brother has something to do with this?" I asked in a small voice. "Maybe.I'll find out."

I didn't say anything else for fear of saying something that would make his mood worse.

I could finally see his door, but with each step we took, his room still seemed farther. I realized we were the ones walking slowly. Too slow.

What were we doing?

Eventually, we got to the door and an odd flutter stirred within my chest. I was really worried about him and hoped he'd be fine.

"Will you let me check on you in the morning?" I spoke quietly, as if afraid to be heard.

He took his time before he looked at me, one hand in his pocket. He looked utterly unruffled, nothing like the man that had scared me in the car.

His tongue glided across his lower lip before retreating it into his mouth, his eyes zipping around the floor,caught in reverie.

"You know, Lyric, if you actually want me to help me medically, there's something more important you could do."

My pulse quickened, because I already knew what was coming.

"And you've been shying away from this very topic." He braced his side against the wall, his eyes staring intently at my nervous face.

My eyes were already on the floor, searching for something that wasn't there.

"l-Ium..."

"Are you shy because it'll involve you touching me intimately?"

My heart skipped a beat, the one that followed becoming too heavy.

"I know we agreed on 'no intimacy,' but I really.don't mind this, Lyric. After all, you're a doctor. You should see me as your patient." Like it was that easy. It was him we were talking about!

"What do I have to do to get you to agree, huh?" He moved away from the wall. "Name your price.Anything at all."

Hold on. He was coming closer to me.

It took me a while to remember what he'd just said.

"l-It's not about the money. I...I really want to help." My throat suddenly felt dry. Painfully dry.

"So, when are we starting?"

Oh, that I didn't know. Would I really be comfortable touching him? I was already haunted considering the fact that I was always having these weird dreams of him.

He took another step toward me, becoming too close. What was he doing?

His scent became too close. Intoxicating.

My breaths turned labored as I looked at him from aclose range. The shy part of me was tempted to lower my gaze, but the hungry part of me was eager to enjoy this moment. I didn't know when next I'd have this opportunity, anyway.

I'd lost track of our conversation, too lost in the surreal moment of ourselves in this close proximity and atmosphere for the first time. My eyes zeroed in on his lips, and man, that was tempting.

When I looked back into his eyes, I was stunned to know he was staring back at my lips.

My nervousness went to a whole new level, forcing me to take a step back, but his hand shot out, grabbing mine and bringing me to a stop.

A small gasp escaped me, and before I could say a word, he crashed his lips on mine.
###Chapter 161 
JARIS



I didn't know what was wrong with me.


Everything was suddenly heightened.



My emotions. Thoughts. And this. This uncontrollable hunger for Lyric Harper.


I'd woken up with this strangest craving for her. I badly needed to see her face, and it was as though,I'd lose my mind if I didn't.


It was the reason I went to her room this morning to check on her.



After our argument, I couldn't concentrate at the office and had to go get her from TCH. She didn't even know I'd been waiting in my car for three hours before the end of her shift, and it had been a real struggle not to barge in there while she was still working.



I wanted her close to me. To see her face, enjoy her luscious caramel scent and those smiles that were my favorite.



When I had the strange attack in the car,all I wanted  to do was hold her.



She didn't make it any easy on me when she insisted on following me to my room. And she just kept talking...making those lips really tempting.



I tried to tell myself to wait for nighttime when she'd take the pill. But three hours suddenly seemed too far.


The hunger became impossible to control.


And here we were.



My lips on hers.



My hand yanking her hair.



With one hand around her waist.



She was very shocked and didn't reciprocate the kiss,but she didn't try to push me away.



At least, not until six seconds later when she had let me kiss the fuck out of her.



Well, it wasn't as deep as I wanted because the time wasn't enough, but it was enough to quell a little of this hunger in me.



She took multiple steps back, her hand rising to her lips. But she didn't wipe them. She just looked very shocked. Now that it was over, the weight of my action dawned on me.



I just kissed Lyric. For the first time when she was conscious.



Seconds passed. We didn't say a word to each other.But if she stayed here any longer, there was no telling what I might do.


"I-" She nervously brushed some strands of hair behind her ear. "I-I should go."


I didn't stop her this time. I watched as she turned around and scurried off.







I took the longest bath, my mind continuously replaying memories of what I did to Lyric. And majorly,how I wanted to do it to her again. And even more.


This was starting to get serious. Lyric was starting to get a stronger hold on me-too strong for my liking.



I slept late.



The disturbing dream happened again.


I was feeding on someone, sucking off his blood that was too delicious for my liking I tried to stop but it was impossible. The blood tasted like the best meal, and only a fool would want to stop something like that.


I continued sucking until the victim passed out.







I woke up with the same headache as the previous morning.Memories of the dream replayed in my head,bothering me.



For someone like me, this dream wasn't a good sign,and I knew l'd have to get checked as soon as possible.


I got ready for work while thinking of Lyric the whole time.I was conflicted between checking up on her and just letting her be. I had a feeling she wouldn't want to see me,actually.


In the end, I decided to check on her.


I was fixing the buttons on my shirt when Kael walked in. I noticed he looked very moody; a kind of look l rarely saw on him.



I asked him what was wrong, but he told me not to worry. That was how I knew it was something personal.


After our usual greeting, he told me the reason he came to the room.



"You're not gonna like this. Another body was found this morning."



My hand froze mid-motion, making the last button on my shirt remain undone.



It wasn't shock. Wasn't anger. But something else entirely.Something akin to fear.



"It has the same pattern from the one you saw last night-no bite marks. Just a cut on the wrist with their blood drained. The guards are afraid of telling you.They'd been very watchful and didn't know how that happened."



The whole time, I kept staring at himn through the mirror as he spoke.


Grabbing my phones from the table, I started toward the door. "Take me to it."



"Is that really necessary? It's just like the one we saw yeste-"



But I was out the door, knowing he'd follow.


We got to the morgue and I ordered the body be brought out. Kael was right. The pattern was the same.


It became clear to me. This wasn't the Feeders 'pattern. But it was very very familiar.


Something was wrong.


An uneasy feeling pooled in my stomach, making me overly uncomfortable.


When I left the morgue, I took the driver's seat. My Beta and head of security were alarmed.


"Find your way home. I need to go somewhere," I said without looking at them.



"And you don't need our company?" Nerion tried to protest."Come on.We could-"



I cut him off by starting the car and sent it speeding ahead. What I had to do was something personal and didn't need them with me.
###Chapter 162

JARIS



Since I learned of Caden's return, it was the first time I prayed so hard to actually meet him.



I stopped in front of the temple and hurried out of the car. My instincts had told me to come here, and if he wasn't in, I wouldn't know what to do.



I went into the old abandoned temple and to my relief,there he was, smoking in front of the window.


His face lit up when he turned and saw me, a smile forming on his lips.



"You came." He put the cigarette out. "You have no idea how long I've been waiting for you. It's been two days."



I stood in the middle of the room, my eyes on him.Violent thoughts were running through my mind. So many images of what I could do to him.


"What did you do?" My voice was calm despite the war raging in my head.


He chuckled. "You'd have to be specific." 
"Two nights, two dead people." | took some steps forward. "Their blood was drained, something a Feeder would do. So, I ask again: what did you do?"


"Oh, please. I hope you're not trying to put this on me and my people. Believe me, l've made sure they stayed put over the last few weeks."



My head was getting messier by the second. There was no telling what I'd do next.



When he smirked, I knew what he was about to say next. "You don't think it was you, do you? I mean,doesn't it look a bit familiar? No bite marks. Just a cut with the blood drained." He tsked. "If I remember correctly, that was exactly how you enjoyed your meal."



It happened fast. I was on him the next second,grabbing him by the collars and pushing him roughly until his back slammed against the wall.



The asshole laughed.



"I'l kill you, Caden. This instant if you don't tell me what you did to me."


"I didn't do much, Jaris," he shrugged."All I did was remind you of the man you used to be. The man you used to love but have been trying so hard to keep buried. And I did so with some drops of blood in your wine at the diner. It was so nice you didn't even notice.You missed it that much, didn't you?"



Realization dawned on me like a cold blanket.



I knew it. I knew something had been off that night.Something about my entire meal had been off and my gut kept telling me to stop eating. But | didn't listen;too mesmerized by Lyric to care.


For the first time, I ignored my instincts.


Looking at Caden's face,I saw red.


"You hacked Lyric's phone," I muttered the words."You've been monitoring her calls and conversations and knew she made a reservation at that diner."



He smiled again. "My smart brother."



Then, the servers must have helped him.



"And when that was done, it wasn't difficult getting a waitress to do my bidding. I simply took her husband and made her do what I wanted." He clicked his tongue. "It was quite simple. I killed them both in the end, though. Couldn't have someone giving my plan away."


My hands holding his collars were starting to shake,and it was out of pure rage. "What do we do now, Jaris?" He crafted a phony worried expression. "The urges are getting worse by the hour. You and I know you wouldn't be able to resist sucking off someone if you got a peek at their blood right now. So, what would the others do when they learn you're becoming an uncontrollable monster, just like I was years ago? What would your people do when they learn this scary truth?"


The smile on his face made me more sick. This was exactly what he wanted. To make me become like him.



And, Moon help me,he was succeeding.


I couldn't control what happened next. I released one of my hands and started raining punches on him. He tried to retaliate, but I was angrier. More violent.



We soon got to the floor with me on top. I hit him in the eye, the ribs-everywhere I could lay hands on.l was a mad man in that moment.



I hit him so much there wasn't a part of his face that hadn't felt my fist. If Caden was human, there was no way he'd have survived this.


I left him when I figured it was enough. Although I was far from satisfied. But the more I kept punching him,the more aggressive I became.


He remained on the floor, using the back of his hand to wipe some of the blood on his lips


He seemed weak. Yet I wanted him more than weak.



But this was as far as I could go.



I turned around and left, knowing there was nothing else | could do to him. I needed to find help before the son of a bitch did something stupid.


He was right. If the Elders get to know about this, I'd be doomed. The throne would be taken away from me.And the last thing I'd ever do is give Caden the satisfaction of knowing he won.



＊＊＊＊十＋＊＊＊＊



LYRIC



I was beyond distracted at TCH that morning. Thank goodness I didn't have major tasks to do and was simply checking on patients.


Everywhere I went, I thought of Jaris. I even started to see him in the faces of other men. It became scary.


Why would he kiss me like that?


Whenever I was alone, I couldn't help touching my lips and remembering how out of the ordinary it had been. He made me taste him, and oh, I loved how he tasted.Like whiskey, expensive mint and Jaris. It was the best thing I'd ever tasted.



Yet, my heart also ached each time I thought of it.You wouldn't kiss someone if you weren't attracted to them, right? Did this mean Jaris liked me? Had he...been thinking of me the same way I'd been thinking of him?



This was the reason I was confused and so bothered.What if the kiss didn't mean anything to him?


When my shift ended and I was going to meet Jace,l decided I was going to ask him some questions when he did come home. I needed us to have an understanding, otherwise, I'd never be comfortable around him.



I met Jace in the car and we drove to the location we had in mind. Fortunately, we'd been able to get information on Penelope's sister. She was the only family member Penelope had left, and getting her info had been very difficult. Even Elder Mathias didn't know about her.



Well,maybe he knew Penelope had a sister but never cared about meeting her.


It made us realize Penelope and her sister might've not been close. One would say it was pointless going to meet her, but it was the only lead we had.


Her house was a small one in the outskirts of a Pack.I was a bit nervous as I knocked on the door with Jace behind me.



I knocked three times before she opened up. She was wearing her pyjamas and hnad a sleeping mask over her head.



Seriously? She was still deep asleep by this time of the day?


"Can I help you?" Her gaze was unwelcoming.


"Um...good day, Ms. Sorry for bothering you. We're just here to ask you some questions."


She said nothing, but her eyes became more alert.


"We're looking for Penelope. We're aware she's your sister and-"



"Why are you looking for Penelope?" She sounded defensive.



I furrowed my brows as I glanced at Jace. "We just need to see her, please. It's very important."
###Chapter 163
LYRIC



She shifted uncomfortably on her feet. "I-I haven't seen my sister in years. I don't know where she is." She stepped back and tried shutting the door,but Jace was quick to hold it open.



"Look, we mean no harm. If you know something,please help us. The reason we're looking for her-"


"I just told you, I don't know anything," she snapped."Now get off my property and stop looking for my sister."



She slammed the door in our faces.



I looked at Jace. "She's hiding something."



"She definitely is."


I brushed my fingers into my hair. "What do we do?What if she knows something about Penelope?"


Jace stared at the door for some time. "Right now,she's paranoid. We shouldn't give her a reason to mess things for us. She might erase any trace of Penelope and ruin our chances at finding her. We should make her think we're really backing off."
"T-Then,how do we-"



"Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her. I'll come around tonight and see what she knows."


He grabbed my hand. "We'll find them, Lyric. We're close; I can feel it."



Gods,I hoped so.



With each day, I was starting to feel like a loser for not being able to find them. I'd been trying not to think about it, but were they actually fine? Who have they been with for six years? Were they loved and treated right?



"You know, you never mentioned their father," Jace said as we settled back in the car.



I stalled with my seatbelt, thinking of the best response to give to him.


"I'd like to keep that a secret, please."



Fortunately, he didn't press.







We arrived Darkspire and I felt a sense of relief when I found Kael outside, leaning against his car.



Him being home meant Jaris was home,right? Something about Kael's demeanor seemed off.



He was smoking. He actually did smoke, but he always did it in private.



Today,however, he was doing it right outside, where anyone could easily see him. He wasn't even wearing a suit but something casual; like he had been home for a long time.


Which was unsettling because I knew Jaris must've gone to wvork.



"Hey, Kael." I waved at him, but he didn't even spare me a glance. His dark eyes were on Jace.



I looked at Jace with furrowed brows, trying to understand what was going on. My bestfriend looked too quiet. Okay. Something was definitely up.


I was about walking away to leavethem to it when Kael spoke up. "How was she?"



I stopped mid-step, looking back at him. His eyes were still on Jace.



"Did you have a good time with her? Did you realize she was what you wanted?"


Suddenly, I understood the emotion I'd seen in Kael's eyes. They weren't just dark. They were hurt. Looking at Jace, his face was filled with guilt. "It's-It's not what you think."


"What the fuck do you know about what I think?"Kael rasped,peeling himself away from the car. His movement was so aggressive, even I got a bit scared.


"Do you know the things I had to say to get you here?How fucking hard I had to convince my boss. I told him I wanted to keep you close to me. Cause I thought you fucking felt the same! Who knew it'd be so easy for you to go whoring around?"



Holy smokes, it became clear to me. Why Jace was gone for long yesterday while I was at TCH, and why he returned with a lipstick stain on his neck. Please,don't tell me.



"You know what | think, Jace?" Kael inched toward him."I think you should've been honest about your sexuality. I didn't force shit on you,you know?" His eyes flicked to mine, a little hatefully. "Maybe you just needed me to get close to your best friend."



His words made me feel terrible, but | didn't even know how to blame him 'cause I understood how hurt he must be. Why would Jace do a thing like this?



"Come on, man. It's not what you think," Jace tried going closer to him. "I promise I can explain if you just let me. But I swear, I never lied to you." "You're right for asking my permission. Cause I'm not letting you explain why the hell you went to fuck someone else. You should've told me you weren't interested from the onset. Would have saved us both a lot of time."



He started walking away.



"Kael. Kael!" Jace called, but he didn't even glance back at him.



He got into his car and left.


"What the hell was that?" I turned to Jace. But he didn't look at me as he stormed into the house.



I had to scurry to catch up with his pace.



"Jace! Did you really cheat on him? Why would you do such a thing?"



"Not now, Lyric,"he threw at me without looking back.



I stopped walking in the hallway and could only watch as he stormed into his room.







When I was over the Jace and Kael drama,I proceeded to check on Jaris. He wasn't homne yet.

 
The twins came to spend some time with me and that took my mind off him for some hours.


When it was night and I was sure he'd be back, I went back to his room again. But when I knocked repeatedly, there was no response.



What was he doing out so late today?



Unfortunately, I couldn't even ask Kael with what happened earlier today. Maybe I should ask Nerion.


I was heading to his room when I ran into Maddy with someone.



She was backed up against the wall, the boy's hand wrapped possessively around her waist while she laughed at whatever he whispered in her ears.



I blinked in surprise when they kissed.



Was it a coincidence that this was actually happening a few steps from Nerion's room?



"Hey," she waved when she noticed me. But she didn't try to free herself from the boy.


He didn't even look familiar. It was obvious she brought him home.



"Are you looking for someone?" Maddy asked, her hands cupping the boy's cheeks. She was seeming a bit drunk. "Yes.I was-"



Before I could finish my statement, the door opened behind me. I already knew it was Nerion before l turned around and saw him coming from his room.



He stopped on a dime, and it wasn't hard to figure out what was running through his mind.



I glanced back at Maddy and she was holding the boy even more possessively. She had her hands on him and made it seem like she hadn't even noticed Nerion was there.



"Um...hey," I turned to Nerion. "I've been looking for Alpha Jaris. It's late, but he isn't home yet. Is there a reason he's staying out late?"



It took a little longer for his eyes to leave Maddy and move to mine.



"He isn't home." Was his simple reply.


"Okay. But do you know when he'll be back?"


"Not yet. We've been trying to reach him. Why don't you go get a room? It's shameless doing this out here."He directed at Maddy and her strange man.



I rolled my eyes, knowing a hell of a drama was coming. "You didn't build this place, Nerion. I don't think you have the right to dish out such orders," Maddy snapped back.



Nerion's stare was as cold and clear as icicles as he walked toward them.



"You seem to be forgetting the position I hold in this place." He looked at the boy. "Who are you?"



Maddy stepped in between them. "Don't answer him."



"I am the head of security over here. It is my right to access everyone that steps foot in the Pack. I don't know this man, and I don't trust him. So, I'm going to ask him to leave."



"You'll do no such thing!" She stomped her foot angrily.



It was Nerion's turn to smile. "I guess we should wait around and see what happens if he remains here by the time I'm back." He walked out on them.



Not having the time for Maddy's rants,I followed after him.



I caught up with him and asked him more about Jaris,but he wasn't of much help. It was as if they didn't know anything of his whereabouts I returned to my room, deciding I'd try a little while later. But I slept off.


By morning, I was sure he'd be back and proceeded to check on him. But when I learned he didn't come home last night,worry set in.


This was unlike Jaris. Something might be wrong.


I tried calling him on phone but couldn't reach him.Kael and Nerion were not in the pack either.



What was going on?
###Chapter 164
LYRIC



Jace wasn't around to give me any form of advice. So,I had to go to Maddy.



"Oh, Lyric. Could you stop worrying about Jaris?Nothing could possibly happen to him. I'm sure he's fine," Maddy grouse.



"So, why isn't he home? Even Nerion didn't know where he went last night."


"Stop mentioning that name." She glared daggers at me.



I rolled my eyes. "Please, I'm being serious here.I don't know, but I kind of think something might be wrong with him. Don't you think we should ask questions?"



"Eww. No. I don't care what happens to him."


Now I was starting to actually get pissed.


"Fine. I'll just do it myself."


I left her room. Fortunately, when I got outside, I met Kael talking to some guards. This was looking like a search party.



"Hey. Is there any news on Alpha Jaris?" I approached him when he'd dismissed the men around him.



"No. We haven't seen him since yesterday."



I picked up on pattering footsteps approaching, then turned to see Maddy rushing toward me, her face set in a frown. She was still wearing the same outfit from her room-a short jean skirt with a crop top.



"You're stubborn, you know that? You keep making me do things I don't want to."


I ignored her and turned back to Kael. I was actually grateful he was responding to me after what happened yesterday.


"But didn't you all leave together yesterday morning?"I asked him.



"We did. He just... insisted on going somewhere alone.And we haven't seen him since then."



Unease clawed at my chest."Where was he going?"



"He didn't say."


Yet the look in his eyes told me he knew something else. "Kael, come on. Tell me what you know. WNhat prompted him to want to go here alone?"



He hesitated for a moment before he sighed. "We found another body yesterday, like the one we found that night. It had the same pattern. He suspects Caden.So,I'm thinking he must've gone there yesterday."



Oh,gods.


"We drove there last night, but there was no trace of either of them."



"What pattern are you talking about?" Maddy questioned.


"Their blood is drained in a different way. There's no bite marks, just a claw cut on their wrist."


"Fuck," she took a step back.



My attention snapped to her at once. "What's wrong?"



But she wasn't even looking at me. Her eyes were on the floor as she raked her fingers through her strands



"Fuck. No. No."



"Maddy, if you know something, say it," Kael popped with irritation.


 
Still, she didn't say a word. She just turned around and stormed into the house.



****=



MADDY



"Mum!" She yelled as she stormed into her mother's room.



The woman was on her massaging chair, napping while a maid was getting her nails done. She startled awake at the sound of Maddy's voice.



"Get out," Maddy growled at the maid.She wasted no time and hurried out of the room.



Luna Isolde was confused. "Maddy, what is-"


"How perfect, mother?" Maddy crossed her arms,her voice dripping with malice. "Here you are, getting your nails done while both your sons are killing themselves!"



Isolde sat up. "What are you saying?"



"Are you even aware that Jaris has been missing since yesterday?"



"Missing?" She frowned. "I-I just thought he was busy with something. I didn't hear anything about him missing. There is no way someone like him can go missing!" "ch, really?" Maddy chuckled bitterly. "Caden triggered his urges. Jaris is a mess right now. He's fed on our people for two days and had no control over it.He's becoming the monster he once was. And you;you're just here, getting your nails done. How convenient."



"Maddy, I had no idea!" She sprang to her feet. "Jaris doesn't open up to me. How am I supposed to know these things?"



"But I told you to try and meet with Caden! The moment I heard he was back, I told you to try talking to him as a mother. But you wouldn't listen."


Isolde's face turned spiteful. "You know I do not wish to speak to him. He killed my husband!"



"No, he didn't. Jaris did."


"Oh, shut up. You keep arguing about this. Jaris never killed your father. Caden did."



Maddy shook her head, not ready for that very argument.


"Well, if you'd set your pride aside and talked to him as a mother, I'm sure things would've been different by now."


"And what makes you think he'd have listened to me? Even as boys. Caden and laris never listened to anyone. Not to mention now that they're all grown-ups.


Maddy shook her head. "This-This is all fucked up.A kind of war we've never experienced before is coming."She fisted her hands. "You should've just spoken to him, mother. It'd have gone a long way."

###Chapter 165
LYRIC



I waited outside Luna Isolde's room, waiting for Maddy to come out.



I couldn't hear their conversation, and it had taken all of my willpower not to barge in there.


Maddy finally showed up, looking angrier.


"Hey, what's going on?" I followed her as she walked past me.



"Nothing."



"Come on, Maddy. Don't do this to me. I've been worried sick. What's going with Jaris? You know something."


She ignored me and just maintained a straight face,looking ahead as she walked.


"Maddy!" I grabbed her hand. "Can you say something?We're not strangers!"



She pulled her hand free and brushed her face.


"It's dangerous, Lyric. Trust me, it'd be best if you don't know." She continued walking.


"What the hell are you talking about? I don't care how dangerous it is. Just fucking tell me!"


"I wish I can!" She yelled, standing in front of her door."My brothers and l-we've always had this pact where we never reveal our secrets to outsiders. No matter what, we don't tell them what we are."



Her words were unsettling. What were they?


She opened her door, and I followed her into the room.


"Maddy, please. I'm losing my mind here. If you don't help me, there's no telling what I'd do."



It took me about half an hour to finally get her to open up. She didn't know how grateful I was for it.


"Jaris is at a point where he can't control himself. He's...battling some mental problems and has probably gone away to isolate himself. That was what he always did back then when it was too much for him."



My expression clenched in shock.


"I-I don't think he's mentally ill. I meant,he was with me yesterday and-" I paused when I remembered what happened in the car.


"He did act strange last night," I mumbled, more to myself.



Suddenly,the pieces started to come together.


Caden making mention of his 'gift' to Jaris.


Jaris bleeding in the car.



The two bodies with the claw marks.


"Hold on," I quickly turned to Maddy. "Jaris didn't kill those people,did he?"



Maddy's eyes dropped to the floor. It dawned on me that it was the secret she'd been trying to protect.



Jaris was just like Caden.He was a Hexed wolf.


"Oh, gods," I muttered, shaking my head.


"I didn't tell you anything." Maddy turned away,brushing her fingers into her hair.


But she didn't need to say anything.



This whole time, everyone thought Caden was the only Hexed wolf. Jaris was just like him. Only difference was, he had been pretty good at controlling himself.



Did Caden somehow get to trigger his urges? How could he do such a thing at a time like this when the final trial was close? "Where is he?" I asked after a while. The news was still too heavy to stomach.



Maddy looked at me like I'd asked for the impossible."I'm not telling you."



So,she did know where he was.



"Maddy,come on. I just need to see him."



"Lyric, rest it out. Trust me, you don't want to be anywhere near him. He's beyond dangerous right now.He might've gotten to the stage where he doesn't even recognize friend and foe. Everyone is just foe to him."



I stayed silent for a minute, thinking her words were true. Then, I decided I didn't care.



"I just want to see him. Please."



I couldn't make sense of this overwhelming longing to be near him. I just felt he was lonely.



"Maddy,please."



"Lyric, stop it. You're a mere wolf and might end up dead. Trust me, there's a reason Jaris isolated himself.He's become a danger to everyone around him. For now, he needs to be left alone."



"For how long!" "I don't know! Until he learns to control his urges again.It took him a year the last time, though. But he's done it before. I'm sure he can do it again."



What? My mouth dropped open. A whole year? A lot of things would've gone wrong in a year.



The Alpha King Throne would have been handed over to someone else.



Our contract would've expired by then.



I'd have found my kids and be long gone from here.



And what would Darkspire do without their Alpha for a whole year?



"T-That's unacceptable," I shook my head in disapproval. "Please, Maddy. Do this for me. I promise,I'll return the favour someday."



She was still adamant and it had to take me more convincing to get her her on my side.



"Fine. I'll give you the address, but I'll not be going with you. And I'm serious. I'm not risking my life on this."



I nodded eagerly.



I thought of involving Kael and Nerion; but if he was as dangerous as Maddy said, I wouldn't want to involve anyone in this.


She scribbled the address on a piece of paper and handed it to me.



"This was the cabin he used the last time. Hopefully,it's the same one he's using this time."



I took note of the place. It was quite far from Darkspire.



"Thank you, Maddy. I won't forget this." I hugged her before running out of the room.







It took me four hours to get to the location. I was alarmed at how isolated the place was the more I kept going closer.



I drove past so many trees and bushes for almost an hour and didn't see any buildings in sight. The very few ones I saw looked abandoned.



For a split second, I considered heeding Maddy's advice and just leaving it alone.


But the thought of all the things that could go wrong kept me from doing that.


I finally reached the cabin and spent time in the car,trying to picture what I'd find in there.Would Jaris really have no control of himself?



He was alone and troubled. It was awful for someone to be alone in this condition.



It didn't matter what I'd see. I was sure I'd be able to protect myself if need be.



I left the car and went toward the cabin. I tried peeking through the window but couldn't see anything.



What if he actually wasn't here? That would be messy because we'd have to think of somewhere else he could actually be.



I was about moving from the window to the door when I heard a faint voice from inside.



"Jaris, please. You have to take this."



I frowned. It was a female's voice, and it wasn't even Marta's.



"Baby, please. Just open your lips for me."



My eyes expanded in disbelief as an unfathomable shock penetrated deep into my soul



Jaris wasn't alone! Who the hell was that?!

###Chapter 166 
LYRIC



I rushed to the door and opened without knocking.I barged into the room, my eyes darting around.I gasped when I saw the sight in front of me.


There was a woman on her knees, her back to me. But it wasn't the sight that bothered me. It was the man in front of her.



Jaris was lying on his side, his hands and legs chained.He was shirtless with black pants on. Pure horror filled me at how sweaty and sick he looked.



The young woman sprang to her feet, eyes wide in shock as she stared at me with a bowl of something in her hand.



"Who are you?" I threw at her first.


"Have you lost your mind? You barged in here and think you're the one who gets to ask the questions?Who are you?"



I took my eyes round the room. On the table were so many herbs, portions and things I hadn't seen before.Was she a healer? But Maddy never made mention of Jaris being with someone.



I looked at the lady again. Long orange-dyed hair with large green eyes. She was pretty but looked really mean.



I ignored her and tried going to Jaris, but she held my hand before I could reach him.



"I said who the hell are you?!"



"I'm Lyric-his mate!" I wrenched my hand free and continued to meet him.



The sight was heartbreaking. His eyes were closed like he was unconscious, but his breathing was too hard.



"How did you know he was here?" The girl asked behind me.



I didn't respond as I touched Jaris' forehead with my hand.



"What the..." I quickly pulled my hand away.He was burning up.



"What have you been doing to him?"|asked without looking at the lady as I touched his hair.


"What do you think? I'm a healer and he called me here to help him." And you'd been calling him 'baby'? I wanted to snap but held back the question. That wasn't the important thing for now.



I scurried to my feet and went to the table to get a bowl.



"What do you think you're doing?" Ms. Healer asked.



"He's burning up. That obviously needs to be regulated."



I rushed into the kitchen and filled the bowl with water.



"What do you think I've been trying to do this whole time?" Ms. Healer asked as soon as I returned to the room. "I am his healer. I know better than you do. So,step aside."



"I am his mate and a doctor!" I snapped at her before grabbing a napkin and dropping to my knees before Jaris.



I didn't understand what her relationship was with Jaris yet, but the fact that she'd spent the night with him and had to see him shirtless this whole time filled me with a certain kind of rage.



Dipping the napkin into the water and wringing it, l used it to wipe his body. The girl was watching like a hawk, so I couldn't start Siphoning him just yet. But the moments my hands touched him, I felt him getting better.



"You know, Alpha Jaris came here for a reason-to be alone. If I were you, I'd leave."


I scoffed. "I didn't drive all the way here to leave him alone."



"I'm telling you; he'll be fine with me. I was the one that took care of him when it happened yearsago.Why do you think he called me this time around again?"


"Oh." I turned slightly to look at her. "So, it was you.Took you a whole year to help him get better. I'm afraid we don't have the luxury of time right now."



Jaris suddenly jerked, startling me. I fell back on my butts and even made the water from the bowl spill a little.



He released a low groan, pulling at his chains which were somehow connected to the roof to ensure he didn't break out of them.



His eyes were still closed, making me understand whatever he was passing through was only in his head.



"Get away from there!" The healer rushed forward and pushed me back, taking my spot. She had something in her hand and applied it all over his chest. "Wh-What's that?" I inquired. But she didn't give me an answer. But I noticed Jaris became calm.


She stood up and glared at me. "I told you to leave him alone. This is my job where I know best."


She walked away, returning to her table of herbs.I stood up slowly, grabbing my own bowl and napkin.



I thought I was helping.


The healer turned to me, one hand on her hip."If |were you, l'd get out of here."


"Well, you're not me. So stop wishing."


I was done with her trying to get me to leave like she was the only one permitted to be around Jaris.



I went out of the cabin, needing a breath of fresh air.



When I felt calmer, I put a call through to Jace to know how it was going with Penelope's sister. He didn't talk to me last night after his argument with Kael. And even this morning, he just left without letting me know.



He seemed to be angry at himself and everyone around him.



"Hey, how's it going?" I asked when he picked up. "I don't even know. But there's someone else staying with her. I'm suspecting it might be Penelope.She just won't open up to me," Jace responded.



"Jace, if you have to break through into that house,you do that. I don't even care. If Penelope is in there -11



"I know. She keeps insisting that she doesn't know where her sister is. But she mentioned something that gave her away. She said even if I were to see Penelope, she wouldn't be able to help."



I frowned. "What did she mean by that?"



"Wish I knew. Don't worry, I'm still looking..."


I became distracted when I heard the healer say something from inside.



"You're awake!"



"Jace, I have to go. I'll call you back." I ended the call,running back into the house.



The Healer was kneeling in front of Jaris, holding a glass of water.



Jaris was awake. He was lying on his back now with his hands chained. But he was awake.



"You should drink this," Ms. Healer held the glass to 
his lips.


He lifted his head slightly with the lady's hand going under his head to support him. He was taking small gulps from the glass when his eyes finally landed on me.



He drew back his head in aninstant, his brows furrowed.



"Lyric?" There was a rough edge to his voice.



"A-Alpha." I went forward to meet him, dropping to a crouch just beside the Healer. "How're you feeling?A-Are you alright?"



I tried to touch his face, but he pulled his head back.



"Is she real?" He asked the healer.



Did he also have illusions?



The healer nodded. Though, she looked like she'd rather lie to him.



"What're you doing here?" Jaris' tone was wounded.



"I-I was worried.



"Did Maddy tell you about this?"



When I didn't say anything, he groaned and hit his head on the floor. "Lyric, I need you to leave. You shouldn't be here."


With each passing second, my throat was getting tighter to release words.



Something broke within me at the sight of the man before me. He didn't need to say it to let me know he was in pain. Seeing him like this...it was a tortuous sight.


"I'm so sorry," The words slipped out, my voice breaking. "We shouldn't have gone to the diner.Maybe then, Caden wouldn't have done whatever he did to make you like this."



Hot liquid touched my cheeks.


"Stop being silly," he hissed. "I do not have the time for this right now. I just need you to leave, Lyric. It's about to get ugly."



My body wracking with sobs, I shook my head."1"not leaving you. Not like this."



"You don't understand!"



"And I don't care!" I wiped my cheek. "I'm staying here with you. I'll help you get better.I promise."


The Healer huffed. "I'm the only one that can help him get better." "Ericka, I need you to get her out of here. You know why." His voice was growing weaker, his lids heavier.He looked like he'd be slipping into unconsciousness anytime soon.



"I'm not leaving!" I glared hard at the healer-Ericka."I promise you, if you try to touch me, you won't like it."



Looking back at Jaris, I discovered he'd already passed out.



"Alpha. Alpha Jaris." I gently shook his hand. But there was no response.



The tears poured more.



Ericka tried to convince me to leave, but I didn't listen to her and only went out of the house to clear my head.

###Chapter 167
LYRIC



Nightfall came.



It wasn't until my stomach started growling that I realized I hadn't eaten since morning.


I went into the kitchen and the only readily edible thing I could find was bread. There was a lot of food stuff, but no cooked or stored meals. It made me wonder if Jaris had had anything to eat since he came here.



I ate some bread and jam and was clearing the kitchen table when Ericka walked in.



I felt her glare on me as she walked to the fridge where she took out a bottle of water.



"Apart from being his healer, did you and Jaris have any other history?" | turned to her as I asked, leaning against the island.



"I don't understand. Why are you asking?"


"Because I overheard you call him 'baby' earlier today I don't think that's a nickname friends of the opposite gender conveniently call each other." She huffed as she looked away from me,drinking from her bottle.



"Aren't you going to answer my question?" | asked when she was done drinking.


"Jaris and I shared something in the past." She rolled her eyes as she looked at me. "Yes, I was more than just a healer. It's probably the reason he feels very comfortable calling me even now."


My heart did the stupid skip thing. But I didn't let any of my emotions show on my face. No, I didn't give her the satisfaction.



"What?" She scoffed. "Jaris slept with so many women in the past. Don't worry, there's nothing special about me."



She left the kitchen.



Her words had barely sunk in when I heard a growl from the living room. I ran like my life depended on it,and just like I feared, it was Jaris losing control again.



He was on his knees, his hands continuously pulling at the chains. He wanted to break free by all means.



Yet, that wasn't the scariest part. It was his eyes. They were completely red-a thick kind of red. One that was beyond his Alpha's redness. Those were feral eyes. He was so close to unleashing his beast.



My legs wobbled, moving back on their own. I'd never seen a sight like this. I was so scared I couldn't breathe.


"Come on, Jaris. You don't need to do this. You know you don't want to," Ericka placed her hands up.



"Blood!" He growled and tried again to break the chains.



"C-Can he break out?!" | squealed.


"He's not supposed to. Those are Cryptic Chains. No wolf should be able to break free of them," Ericka replied hastily without looking at mne.



Yet I couldn't stop staring at the chains in fear like he could truly break out of it.



Jaris thrashed on the floor, his growl animalistic. Aside from my fear,the sight was painful.



"Give him something!" I yelled at Ericka


"I've given him everything I can for today. It's more complicated this year."



It didn't take long for the eager tears to fall.



My heart broke over and over with each growl of pain Jaris made.



Oh, Caden. I hated him with everything in me. Jaris didn't deserve to go through this. And if it wasn't for his stupid brother, we wouldn't be here.



It took forever before the storm passed.



Jaris was far from calm, but at least, he seemned better.



He laid curled on his side, his body still jerking from time to time. My face looked like a blurred painting,drizzled with tears instead of paint.



"He's still in pain," I whimpered, my arms wrapped around myself. "How long does this have to go on?"



"I don't know," Ericka answered honestly. "Nothing seems to be working."



I looked at him. No. Something must definitely work.



"What're you doing?" Ericka asked, alarmed when she saw me going closer to him.



I didn't reply to her but kept going, and she was too uncertain to try to stop me.



I went behind Jaris and laid on the floor, just beside him. "Lyric! Have you lost your mind?!" Ericka snarled,giving me the death stare.



"| can help him."



Snuggling myself up behind him, I put my arms around him, hugging him from behind. I held him like you'd cuddle a lover in bed. Only this time, I wanted to siphon him.



I didn't care about the consequences anymore. Didn't care if Ericka figured out what I was doing. I was done trying to hide my secret while Jaris suffered this torment right in front of me.



Jaris tensed the moment my hands touched him. I was taking a huge risk. He might choose to turn and attack me at any moment.



"Get out of there, you foolish girl! He could kill you any minute! Are you trying to get me in trouble?"Ericka hissed.
###Chapter 168

LYRIC



But a minute passed and Jaris didn't attack me. No. He remained completely still. And overtime, I noticed he was getting calmer, the jerks not happening too often anymore.



I wet his back with my tears. It was difficult imagining what he must be going through. Gods, I really hoped I was helping.



I lost track of time. My tears slowed. His jerks completely stopped. Everything became so peaceful that darkness consumed me-a familiar kind of darkness | didn't understand until I woke up in the morning.



Something had changed. My face wasn't against Jaris 'back anymore.



I opened my eyes and was stunned to see him facing me,his arms holding me to his chest.



I looked up at his face and there were his eyes, staring deeply at me. He was awake!


"Alpha!" I gasped and tried to sit up, but his hold on me was firm.



My brows furrowed. I tried to move away from him again, but he wouldn't let me. He kept watching me with this calm expression like he enjoyed watching me struggle.


"I thought I told you I liked it when you called me by my name," he spoke calmly.



A certain lightness filled my heart.



My Jaris was back! He wasn't in torment anymore.



"A-Are you fine?" There was a small crack in my voice.



He simply gave a nod.


Oh, gods. I wanted to bury my face in his chest and cry.



I couldn't believe | actually slept off.



Jaris released his hold on me, but his arms remained around me-my back specifically.



"Say it," he spoke in hushed tones."My name."



My EYES gleamed in surprise. I didn't know what was more heart-melting-the fact that he was asking me to call him by his name, or the fact that he wouldn't stop staring right into my eyes, like he was worried I'd vanish if he looked away for one second.



"Jaris," I whispered, my heart performing a waltz,swirling with excitement beneath my skin.



The hint of a smile flickered past his face as his hand came to my hair, playing with my strands. "I didn't quite hear you. I think I heard Mavis or something."


I laughed. "No. I said Jaris."



"Hmm." He raised his brows. "Much better."



I finally sat up, but there was still some body contact between us.



I noticed Ericka in the room, sitting and watching us.The scowl on her face was hard to miss.



"But really, how're you feeling?" I looked back at Jaris.He was all that mattered to me in that moment.



"I feel better."



It worked, then. I was able to Siphon the pain away But something told me it was only temporary.



"You must be hungry," I hurried to my feet. "I'll get you something to eat. Do you have anything in mind?"


He shook his head.



I was sure I'd be able to come up with something he'd like.



I got busy in the kitchen, deciding to make grits grizzly..It was a good thing the house seemed to have everything in stock.



I wasn't surprised when Ericka came in.



"How did you do it?" Her voice was clipped.



"Do what?" | didn't look at her but focused on the vegetables I was dicing.


"Jaris fell asleep as soon as you cuddled him. That was strange. Very strange."



I shrugged. "Aren't you happy it happened?"



"Of course, I want him to be better. It's the whole point of being here. But what happened...it didn't seem natural."



I kept mute.



"I'm talking to you! What did you do?"



I stopped dicing and looked at her. "Look, I'm actually surprised by what happened. I mean, I was hurt by his suffering and felt he needed someone to hold him.Looked like that was what he actually needed."


"So,you're telling me a simple cuddle did something potent herbs were unable to do?"



I shrugged as I resumed dicing. "You just said it yourself."



Though, unsatisfied, she let me be. In less than an hour, I had his meal ready and served them on the dining.



"He can't come to the table to eat, Lyric. You need to take it to him," Ericka rolled her eyes like I was stupid.



"No.I want him to eat here."



I ignored the confused look she passed to me and went over to meet Jaris who had been quietly watching the scene.



"Where are the keys to the chains?" | turned to Ericka.



"Lyric." It was Jaris. "What're you doing?"



"I-I wanted you to eat on the table."



"He can't do that," Ericka intruded before Jaris could."Those chains can't come off, Lyric."



"Why don't you just trust me?" I kept my eyes on Jaris."It'll be fine, I promise."


There was no way I could watch him feed this way like an animal. He deserved better than this. Something about the way he held my stare simmered my heart, melting it like butter on a hot skillet. I could see it in his eyes-the willingness to trust me.



"Give her the keys." Though his eyes remained on me,I knew he was talking to Ericka.



"Jaris, come on. This is a mistake-"



"Don't worry, Ericka. I'll be fine."



My heart burst with pride. He also wanted to do this for me.



Grudgingly, Ericka brought the keys to me.



"I'll be outside," she spat and walked out.



****十十



JARIS



I knew this was stupid.



The whole point of coming here was to keep me chained to ensure that no one got hurt. Yet, there was something about Lyric that made me feel so certain l could never hurt her.



When I realized she was here yesterday, I'd tried so hard to control my urges. And that moment when she cuddled me, it was the most peaceful I'd felt in years. It brought an instant calm to my soul,tamed my beast and made me feel so safe around her.



It was still a mystery. How she took all the pain and torment away.



And now, I let her take my chains off 'cause I was sure I'd be fine with her by my side.



My limbs complained loudly as soon as the chains came off. She came closer to help me up -like l needed it.



"I'm sure you'll like this," she said as she led me to the dining.



I didn't think I'd have the appetite to eat before now,but knowing Lyric prepared this, I couldn't think of anything better.



I sat quietly and started eating.



"Do you like it?" She studied my face for my reaction.



I simply gave a nod.


Despite how helpful she'd been, I still get sad that she was dragged into this.



"Thank you, Lyric," I muttered a while later. "You didn't have to be here." "I'm literally your mate." She rolled her eyes."What do you think my responsibility is?"



I laughed at the irony.



"It might just be a contract, Jaris, but it's still my responsibility to care for you."



I smiled as I looked at her. "You called my name.You remember."



The tip of her nose turned pink. It always reminded me of Xylon whenever he giggled.
 ###Chapter 169
JARIS



I was surprised I emptied the entire plate.



"Do you want more?"



"I'm good."



She gathered the plates to the kitchen.



Glancing back at the chains, my heart twinged with a subtle ache. I hated being in them. And right now, I'd rather sleep comfortably on a bed.



But I didn't trust myself that much. I might be better now, but for how long? What if I end up hurting Lyric or Ericka?



Oh, Lyric. I'd never forgive myself if something happened to her.



Yet, I had this confidence that I'd be fine with her by my side.



I went to the kitchen to find her washing the plates.



"Would you mind sleeping with me?" Her hands paused with a plate in them as she looked at me in awe.



"I mean, I'd love to sleep on the bed but, I think I'd feel better if you cuddled me," I clarified.


"Oh." She dropped the plate in the sink. "Um...sure. I'd love to,Alpha...Jaris."



I smiled. "I'll take a bath first."



I took a bath and wore something fresh-a shirt too.Lyric joined me just as I'd finished dressing and talked about taking her bath as well in the guest room.


While I waited in the room, I imagined her under the shower, her hands touching her intimate parts while the water ran over her body. I imagined my hands replacing hers, touching her in places only I could.



Oh, what I'd do to have that in reality.


She soon entered, looking more vibrant. My/sparkled with delight when I noticed she was wearing my T-shirt and boxer.



Time seemed to stop.


She paused at the door, looking a little shy and uncertain while my eyes traveled from her legs to her face. The boxer gave enough space for her thighs to be revealed. The shirt was too big on her, yet l'd never seen anyone look better in a T-shirt.



It was the first time someone was wearing a cloth of mine, and this feeling-it threatened to tear my heart apart with pride and this sense of ownership.



"I-I found these in the drawers." Her nose was pink."I don't know if it belongs to you, but-"



"It's fine, Lyric." I held out my hand to her. "Come on."



The need to touch her.



As she walked toward me, l imagined myself grabbing her by the waist and pinning her on the bed.I imagined her lips being parted in shock, then being claimed by me.



Did she remember our kiss from two nights ago?



She placed her hand in mine. Gently, I pulled her to the bed where she laid beside me, backing me.



She felt so small in my arms; so easy to spoon.


I didn't understand what happened yet, but the room suddenly became too hot. My heart flipped the scripot,dancing to a frantic beat that had me breathless.



Kiss her. Claim her.



Fuck her.



The voices wouldn't stop.



I could feel how nervous she was in my arms. Yet, she didn't try to oppose me in any way. She'd do this for me.



"Thank you, Lyric," I whispered softly against the top of her hair. "I won't forget this."



＊＊＊＊十十



LYRIC



I had the longest sleep ever. I was shocked that Jaris and I had slept for six hours.


I thought at some point, we'd have tossed and separated from each other on the bed, but to my surprise, we were still in each other's arms.



Jaris was still fast asleep, amusing me more than l could take. Looking into his face, I took the opportunity to admire him. He seemed so peaceful in his sleep. Handsome too.



I still couldn't believe he asked me to sleep beside him.The kind of joy it brought me...it wasn't even something I couldn't describe. I managed to slip away from the bed, delighted I didn't wake him up. I was so hungry and needed something to eat.



It was crazy I was this hungry when I'd eaten something in the kitchen earlier that day.



I took my phone with me and tried calling Jace, but I couldn't reach him. I hoped he was alright and must have had some sort of information on Penelope by now.



I'd stored some food in the freezer, but when I tried to microwave it, I realized I didn't feel like eating that.I wanted something...salty. Which was kind of crazy 'cause I'd never really liked salty meals.



I'd have to make a new meal.


I was trying to decide when Marta's call came in.Seriously?


l ignored it. But she called three more times, making it unbearable.



"How can I help you, Marta?" I rolled my eyes as |answered the call, like she could see me.


"Where are you?" Her tone was icy, like always.



"Um...since when do I have to report my locations to you?"



"Jaris has been missing, Lyric. And so have you. Now,I've been having this funny feeling that you're somehow with him because you never mind your business. So, tell me; where are you?"


I huffed. "And you mean you're the one who's minding her business? By calling me to ask about a man who wants to be alone?"



"Stop playing games with me,Lyric."


"Well, I don't know where he is."



There was a short silence.



"His kids are asking for him. I'm sure if you had kids,you'd have understood how worried they are right now about not seeing their father for days."



That left me speechless.



"So,if you're with the father of my kids right now, you better say something."



I took a deep breath, tucking some strands of hair behind my ear. "I'm afraid they can't see him right now.But I'll let him know about it."



"What're you talking about? What's wrong with him?" "Nothing. Please, don't call me again."



I ended the call and put the phone on silent.



"Marta?"



I jumped at the sound of his voice.



Turning around, I found Jaris leaning against the doorframe, his hands in his pockets, oozing gentlemanly allure.



"Y-Yeah." I couldn't believe he'd been eavesdropping."She um...said the kids wanted to see you."



A flicker of sadness crossed his face. "You're right.I can't see them now."



I nodded and nervously looked around. "You're awake.Did you sleep well?"



"You left." He said the words like I'd done something wrong,which I couldn't quite understand.


"I was hungry. I came to eat something."


His gaze lingered on me for sometime before he gave a clip nod and left.



He seemed a little upset. What was wrong with him? I prepared noodles and was eating when Jace texted me.



'You need to get down here right now. I just found Penelope.'
###Chapter 170
The spoon dropped from my hand as I picked up my phone and called him. My heart thumped at lightning speed, threatening to leap right out of my ribcage.



Thankfully,Jace answered when I called.


"I-I saww your text. Is it true? She's alive?" I rushed the words.



"Yes. But her sister isn't letting me speak with her yet.I just think you should get down here. Maybe if she sees you..."



"Yeah. Okay. I-I'll be there. Just give me some time.Is it at her sister's place?"



"Yes. Hurry,Lyric."


I was confused for a minute. Getting to that location would take me about five hours. It'd be midnight by the time I get back here. Would Jaris be fine without me?



I felt scared leaving him alone, but I had to put my kids first.



I went into the guestroom and looked through the drawers for a short. I found a black one which I  was sure belonged to Jaris.


I replaced the boxer I had on with it and was brushing my hair in front of the mirror when he showed up at the door.



"Going somewhere?"


I was out of words for a moment. I was actually going out to look for 'our' kids.



"Yeah.I just need to meet up with someone real quick."I grabbed a ribbon to park my hair.


"And you had no intentions of telling me?"


"Of course, I did! I-I was just about to come tell you as soon as I was done dressing."


He didn't look satisfied. "Where are you going? We should go together."



What?!



"No!"



"Why? Are you going to see another male?" There was a colder edge to his voice.



"What the hell?" My brows creased in confusion.



His eyes suddenly grew soft. He battened down the shutters of his eyes, let his head float back, and released a long breath.



"I don't know what's wrong with me. You should go."He walked away.



I stood still for a moment, replaying what had just happened.



I finished with my hair, grabbed my car keys and went out to meet him in the living room. He was just on the couch,staring into space.


"Y-You could come with me. But please, promise me you'll stay in the car when we get there."



His eyes were cold as they pinned me with a stare.



A lot could actually go wrong here. What if he suddenly becomes blood-hungry and hurts me or someone else?



"I will," he muttered, rising to his feet.



Walking to the door, he grabbed the keys from my hand.







The mood got better between Jaris and I when we hit the road. Looked like he only wanted to be around me -which was cool but unusual. I was devastated when he told me Caden had hacked into my phone which was how he got to know about the diner. I felt so stupid for not thinking about it.



But then, it wasn't something that was common.The guy was just a psychopath.



I put a mental note to get a new phone tomorrow.Thank goodness Jace and I hadn't shared any texts concerning our location.



After five excruciating hours, we reached the location.


"Still won't tell me who's in there?" Jaris asked,staring out the window,at the house.



"It's just someone I need to ask some questions. I'll be quick, don't worry."



I left the car and went out to meet with Jace who also came out of his own car when he saw me. I already told Jaris Jace and I were visiting someone.


As we walked toward the house, I kept glancing back at Jaris.I really hoped he'd keep to his promise and stay in the car.



We knocked severally on the door until Cora opened up.


"Why the hell won't you leave me alone?! Do I have to 
involve security?" She rasped.


"Ms. Cora, please," Jace pleaded. "I already told you we're not dangerous. My friend and I only have a question for your sister. I know she was the one I saw through the window. You know it too."



"Fine! You already proved you're not dangerous. Still,I told you my sister can't help you. Why won't you just listen and back off?"



"Because we can't back off!" I stepped in, my heart teeming with wrath. "It isn't that easy, you know?Considering the kind of information I need from her.Not to mean any disrespect, Cora,but if you don't let us in, we might have to break in ourselves."


Her face paled. "How can you tell me-"



"You heard us right," Jace cut in. "It's really that important we talk to your sister."



Finally- something that now seemed unbelievable-she let us into the house.



"Penelope hasn't been the same," she told us as she led us toward a bedroom. "I really don't know if she'd be able to help."



We reached the room, and I wanted to scream in relief when I found Penelope standing by the window,her hand nervously rubbing her arms. "You let them in?!" She squealed. "What if they're here to-"



"It's fine, Penelope. They're good people," Cora interrupted her.



I watched as Penelope took a hard gulp, still regarding us with suspicious eyes.



Something seemed off about her.



"I've been looking for you," I began. "You called me that night but we didn't get to-"



"What night?"



"Tenth July. You called and was saying something about-"



"I don't remember anything."



My heart stopped beating in my chest. Okay. I must've misheard her.



"Penelope-"



"I don't even know who you are."



"What're you talking about?! It's me, Lyric! You were going to tell me about my kids. How can you say you don't remember?!"
###Chapter 171 
LYRIC



"Because she lost her memories that night." This time it was Cora who answered. My gaze snapped to hers."It's a miracle my sister's actually alive today.Someone tried to kill her. She was shot and fell into the river. Fortunately, some fishermen found her. And when she regained consciousness, I was the only one she remembered." 1



Oh,gods.


"It's the reason I was reluctant about letting anyone in.We're scared those people might be after her."



"What exactly does she remember?" Jace asked.



"Not much. The memories are a blur and are majorly from her teenagehood."



"No." I covered mny face with my palms.



"But the doctors said they'd be back in no time."


"You don't understand. I don't have that time."I shifted my teary gaze to Penelope. "You may not remember, but you took my kids from me. I met you when I was pregnant and thought you were helping me. Instead, you deceived me and took them when they were born, then had the nurses lie to me that they were dead. For six years, I've had to live in torment, thinking my kids were really dead. But you just gave them away! That night, you called to tell me they were alive before whatever happened to you. So,you better remember as fast as you can, because I've been waiting for this."



Jace's hands came on my shoulders. "It's fine,Lyric."


"No, it's not! She's a terrible, heartless bitch who doesn't even feel a thing for kids. Because tell me why the hell she'd do this to me when I trusted her?"


"Hey, that's enough!" Cora lashed out.


"It'll be enough when I find my kids!" I shot her a venomous stare. Right now, I was barely able to restrain myself from going over to meet Penelope and dragging my nails down her face. The Penelope in question looked guilt-stricken, tears hovering at the brink of her eyes.


Well, I actually wished she'd feel more than guilt.I wished she'd feel real pain.



"You know, for your own good, you better pray my kids have been living well. I hope you gave them to a nice family. Because, believe me, if they've been suffering, I'll make sure you suffer too, Penelope." "Stop this madness!" Cora yelled.


She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.


"Look, I understand how you feel, okay? I'd also be mad if my kids got taken from me. But you need to remember that my sister is still in recovery. As soon as she has anything, I promise I'll let you know. You have my word on it."



Fresh tears spilled down my cheeks. Of all the horrible things that could've happened to her, why did it have to be memory loss?



I kept glaring at her while Jace exchanged contacts with Cora.



"I'm sorry," she suddenly muttered, tears running down her cheeks. "I don't know why I did what I did,but I'll do anything to help you find your kids. I'll-I'll think really hard tonight and try to come up with someting as soon as I can."



My look at her didn't lose its intensity. "Yeah. You better do."



I walked out of the house with Jace who kept assuring words to me, telling me we'd definitely find the kids.



He was seeing me off to my car when I suddenly froze and winced, my hand flying to my midriff. "Hey!" Jace quickly held me. "What's wrong?"



It took me a moment to straighten up.


"I'm fine. Just cramps." Which was strange, because l never really had period cramps.


Reaching the car, I was so relieved when I found Jaris still there. Jace greeted him before departing,while l proceeded into the car.



"Still won't tell he who you went to see?" Jaris asked as he started the car.



"I'm sorry, it's personal. Please, promise me you'll keep to your words and not get involved?" I let him see the plea in my eyes.



He didn't reply and started driving



"Jaris?" There was a slight fear in my voice.


But I felt better when he replied, "I don't break my promise,Lyric."


****十＊＊＊＊



I spent a whole week with Jaris in the cabin.


It was crazy and amazing how close and comfortable we became with each other. Jaris wanted me around at all times. It was a bit disturbing, but there was a part of me that liked it.



He only had two attacks which were controlled the moment I cuddled him. If I didn't have my siphoning powers to help him in cases like this, I sincerely feared what would've become of him.



The final trial was in four days. We had to return to Darkspire.


So far, Jaris was trying his best to fight the urges. So,I think he'd be good to go.



There were a lot of people there to welcome us when we reached Darkspire. They didn't even know where he had been, but the thought of their Alpha being away for days was something to be joyous about.


While we were making our way in, I spotted Jace staring at Kael. But the cold Beta won't even look at him. He made it seem like Jace didn't exist to him.



The hurt I saw in my best friend's eyes broke my heart.I wished things didn't get this bad between them.



*****



I took a bath, had something to eat and slept off as soon as I finished eating. I couldn't understand how dizzy I was. The urge to just lay in bed and close my eyes was overwhelming.



I didn't know how long I was out, but I opened my eyes the moment I felt a presence in the room.


Jaris was seated on the edge of the bed, his hand caressing my hair as he watched me sleep. The dimness of the room told me it was evening.


"You're here," I muttered, my voice still heavy with sleep.



There was a certain sadness in his eyes as he held my stare. The sight was hard to see.


Moments passed before he finally said something.



"I don't think I can do it, Lyric."



The meaning didn't register."Do what?"



"Compete in the last trial. Become King. I don't think it's meant for me anymore."
###Chapter 172


LYRIC



A cut ran over my heart, going deep and making me bleed profusely. His hand dropped from my hair while I sat up.


"W-We've talked about this already. Remember I told you I'd be there every step of the way and-"


"For how long will you need to be there?" It was hard to miss the echo of anguish in his tone.



He released a deep breath, as if bracing himself to say something. "Just an hour ago, I nearly killed one of our own. Again."



What?



"She brought my meal, and the whole time, I couldn't stop fantasizing about how good her blood would be on my tongue. I could hear the rush, the pulse,everything. And trust me, Lyric; I was this close to grabbing her and slitting her wrist."



He ran a hand through his hair. "I couldn't even spend a lot of time with my kids because I was scared l'd hurt them. What if they get to be with me one day and I start fantasizing about feeding on them?"



"That'll never happen. You love Xylon and Xyla too much to let that happen."


"Well, I do love them with every fiber of my being,but how can l even trust myself?" He shook his head."The people do not deserve a monster like me to be King."



I pulled myself closer until I could place my mass on his shoulders. "This is what Caden wants. Are you really going to give him the satisfaction of winning?



He shook his head. "It isn't about winning anymore,Lyric. It's about keeping the people safe."


"And they will be safe. You beat this before,remember? What makes you think you won't do it in a shorter time this year?" I slid my hands down from his shoulders to hold his hands. "All you have to do is win the trial while we continue working on the urges.Believe me,you can do this. Remember you showed great improvement over the week."


My eyes dropped on our hands intertwined. "WVhen we're together, do you ever feel the urge?"


He shook his head.



"Good. Then, I'll always be with you." "It's not that easy." He withdrew his hand from mine."When I'm with people, I always have problems concentrating. All I can hear and smell is the rush of their blood."



"Then, think of me when you're with people." I reached for his hand again. "Just... imagine me to be them. I'm sure it'll help."



His gaze held mine for some seconds, so curious and intent. "What exactly should I think about?"



I chuckled. "I don't know, my smiles? Voice?"



"What else?" There was a hint of amusement in his eyes, yet he didn't break a smile. Neither did his eyes leave mine.



"Um... The day we met? No, you'd been pretty arrogant that day. That isn't a good memory."



He chuckled.



"How about the day you realized I was beautiful?"


He cocked a brow, like my statement was funny.



I tried to release his hands and realized he was now the one holding me.


"How about this?" He asked softly. I didn't know what he meant and kept staring into his face.



Then, I saw it. His head descending.



I could've looked away.



Forcefully left the bed.


Yet, my whole world seemed to still.


My head wouldn't move an inch. Until his lips descended on mine.



There was no explaining the current surged through my veins, igniting every nerve with uncontained intensity.



Every heartbeat vanished, surrendering completely as his lips claimed mine with fervor, his hands still holding mine captive.



I knew this wasn't the first time Jaris was kissing me in the past one week. Yet, everything about this particular kiss screamed different. I got alarms going off in my head, warning me to stop this while I can.


Because this-this very kiss was the kind that led to mistakes and regrets.


Yet, I did anything but try to stop the kiss. I kissed him back, sucking on his tongue when he darted it out to me.



Heat was already pooling in my lower belly, making it difficult to sit still.


When he pulled apart, breaking the contact between our lips, I wanted to scream.



His lips were wet and tempting to take hold of again.And when he took his bottom lip into his mouth, his eyes on mine, it was all I could do not to beg him to kiss me again.



"I think this memory would be more effective," With a voice smoother than silk, he sent shivers down my spine,his fingers stirring a symphony of shivers on my skin. "Would you mind creating it with me?"


Could he hear it? The way my heart thumped like it was in danger? My lips parted, but no words came out.


I'd wanted this for months now. Yet, I couldn't bring myself to admit it in front of him.


"What do you say, Lyric?" I melted completely when he brought his hand to my lower lip, tugging it between his thumb and index finger.


My eyes closed on their own, the emotions too much to keep in check.

 
"Open your eyes," he whispered. I did without hesitation. "And tell me what you think."



He moved his hand from my lips to my hair,caressing my edges. "Because I really, really," the hand slowly moved to my jaw. "really want to fuck you,Lyric."



The next breath that left me was noticeably shaky. My thighs clenched as vivid memories of what it'd be like having sex with Jaris Dreadmoor filled my mind.



It wouldn't be just a dream. This time, I'd be able to feel him, touch him. It'd be overwhelming.


"Tell me you want it," his forehead pressed against mine."Please."



That was the last word he needed to get me to melt completely.



"I want it," I answered breathlessly.

###Chapter 173
LYRIC



I didn't get a warning. My eyes flew wide open when his hand wrapped around my throat. Next thing I knew,I was on my back on the bed, struggling to breathe with his strong hand around my throat.


He barely gave me a second to process the shock before his lips crashed on mine again,kissing me with more passion than he had the last time.


The tighter his grip was on my throat, the harder it was to breathe. Yet, somehow, he made the kiss the best thing my lips have ever tasted.


His hand finally left my throat when I began to see stars. But he still didn't give me a break.



He tore through my pyjamas, baring my chest in a second.



He moved at the speed of lightning. Like a starved man who was about having a piece of his favorite meal.



I expected him to kiss my boobs, hold them fondly and maybe give them a good suckle. But nothing prepared me for the harsh slap he delivered to my nipple. What the hell?



He slapped me three more times on the same spot,and by the fourth time, it was enough to draw a moan from me.



This Jaris was nothing like the one in my dream, andI think I liked it.



My nipple was so sore that when he rolled his thumb lovingly around it, it felt like a reward.


His head lowered to my chest, causing me to arch my back toward him. I was dying to feel his tongue against my sore nipple.



I shivered when he darted his tongue to give a very light lick to the hard bud. The lick was so brief l almost didn't feel it. Yet, it was there enough to actually feel a thing.



He ran his tongue on the skin beneath the nipple, but never where I really wanted him.


Why wasn't he giving me what I wanted?


Please-the word was on the tip of my tongue. I was panting like someone that had been running a marathon.



I heard a small chuckle as he pulled his head away from my chest. Was he laughing at me? My brain felt like a clouded sky, preventing any rays of understanding from breaking through.



His hands glided to my waist, softly yet enticingly. And as he pulled down my pants, he kept his eyes on me.



"You look like you want to say something," he spoke in hushed tones.



I swallowed hard,unable to form any words.



I watched as he threw my pants away and settled in-between my legs.


My cheeks burned with shame. I couldn't believe I was so open in front of Jaris.



His hands came to my hair, stroking them.


"You're so beautiful," he said the words like he meant them,his hands holding me so possessively like I was the most precious thing he had.



I was beautiful.



I moaned into his mouth when he kissed me again.I was so lost in it that I didn't notice when he lowered his pants enough for his erection to come out.



He teased me with penetration for some seconds before he finally thrust in, getting a deep cry from me. His kiss became more intense, matching the deep thrusts he delivered to my aching cunt.



"Fuck, Lyric," he breathed against my lips.



It was the best night of my life. The night Jaris Dreadmoor didn't just make love to me but gave my body what it's always wanted.



*****十


I moaned into his chest, my eyes still closed with his arms wrapped around mine.



Waking up with my face buried in Jaris' chest was becoming my favorite morning routine. I get the privilege to revel in his rustic scent, infused with woodsy notes and that natural smell that made him Jaris. It was always better on such mornings since he hadn't washed it off yet.



I was afraid my heart was leading me into trouble,because why was I starting to like everything about this guy?



He wasn't the only one that was starting to have detachment problems. These days, I was finding it hard to be away from him for more than a couple of hours.



"Slept well?" His rich, maple-like voice sent shivers down my spine as he spoke against my hair.


We were both naked under the sheets, and I sincerely hoped the erection I felt against my thighs wasn't his cock.



"Yes.You?"


"Not really. A particular lady kept chasing me in the dream."


A small chuckle bubbled up inside me."Who?"


"Don't really know her name. But she had these large green eyes, kind of small in stature, and talks a lot."


"What the hell? I don't talk a lot!" I made an effort to extract myself from his chest, but his arms around me stayed firm, keeping me in place.


"I never said it was you. Looks like you're agreeing way too easily."


I rolled my eyes, relaxing myself deeper into the comfort of his body where I could listen to his heart beating.


A bright smile touched my lips as I remembered the magic of last night. He'd taken me so many times l lost count of the number of times I came.



This was much better than the dreams. As a matter of fact, after last night, the dreams seemed awkward to me.



"Hungry?" His voice dripped with drowsiness.



"Very."


He moved from the bed, pulling me along.


I felt a little shy with my body exposed to him. Last night, the room was dark. But now, it was completely bright.


Well, he was also naked before me and obviously didn't care.



"There's something you could eat," he said teasingly,confusing me.



I looked around the room, wondering if the maids had brought in food while I was asleep. But there was no sign of it.



"What're you-"



I didn't get the chance to finish my question before he forced me to my knees. I landed a bit roughly, making me wince.



His hand came behind my head, grabbing a fistful of hair. My throat became watery when I saw him get hold of his erection. He tapped it against my lips.



"Open."



He always seemed to have this dominating aura around him. Like a man whose words were always meant to be obeyed.



I opened wide and let him guide himself into my mouth.



My eyes fluttered close, and I felt him stop halfway.


"Open your eyes, Lyric. For now."


My brows furrowed, but I opened them, anyway,meeting his pleasure-filled gaze.
###Chapter 174

LYRIC



He resumed his descent down my throat,pushing until he hit the back of my throat.



Tears rushed up to my eyes, making it difficult to keep them open. But I couldn't disobey Jaris. So, I kept looking.



I watched as his face twisted with pleasure. He didn't stop until my nose was pressing against his public bone and I couldn't breathe.



My hands flew to his waist, trying to push him off.Then, I got to understand the purpose of his hand in my hair,because he held it firmly, making it impossible for me to move.



When it became unbearable, he finally pulled me back with the hair, giving me some space to breathe again.The oxygen suddenly felt like a privilege.


Spittle and semen dripped from my lips. Jaris' finger came beneath my chin, forcing my head up so l could look into his eyes.


"You look gorgeous." His words sent more heat pooling between my legs. What was he doing to me?


He tapped his cock against my lips. I became scared he was going to deprive me of oxygen again.



But when I opened my mouth, he only guided himself onto the tip of my tongue.


"This shouldn't be new to you," he said sweetly. I understood he wanted me to suck him myself.


But he was wrong. It was new to me. I'd never done this to any man other than him.



I wrapped my hand around his shaft before taking him deeper into my mouth. I tried to do the best I could,hoping I wouldn't make it obvious I was a novice.



I gasped when he pulled me back by the hair. His eyes held amusement as they looked down at me.



"Is this your first time?"


Shame burned hot in my chest, I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me. I must've made it that obvious, didn'tl?



My eyes dropped to the floor, unable to provide him with my shameful answer.



"Lyric Harper," his voice danced with a trace of laughter. "You haven't done this with anyone else but me?"



I nodded slowly.



I heard him chuckle before his finger came beneath my chin, forcing me to meet his gaze.


"Yet, you'd willingly do it with me." A trace of gratitude warmed his words.



Releasing my chin, he guided himself into my mouth again and let me do what I could. He added a few tips here and there, telling me how to use my tongue,suck my cheeks in, and hold my breath.



It felt more like tutoring, but I'd prefer doing this with him a million times than with anyone else.



He came all over my chest and fucked me right after.I was so exhausted by the time we finished that all I wanted was to eat and sleep.







I woke up hours later to an empty spot beside me.Jaris was gone.



A profound sense of letdown wrapped around me like a shroud.



I checked my phone to find an email from the HR of TCH, informing me that my appeal to skip work for today had been approved.


This shouldn't be normal. I hadn't reported to work for a week now, yet nobody seemed to have an issue with it. Jaris' handwriting was written all over this.


I called the kitchen to order something to eat.We actually showered and ate before we slept off, yet here I was, still feeling as hungry as a lion.


While my food was getting ready, I went ahead to check on Jace.



He was working on his laptop and didn't have his usual cheerful face on.



"Hey, you finally up," his fingers moved deftly across the keyboard.



"Did you...come to my room before now?"


"Yup. And almost got punched in the face by Jaris for wanting to wake you up."


My eyes widened in surprise. How was I that deep asleep?



"Sorry about that." I itched the back of my nape."How's everything going?"


"| checked on Penelope this morning. Still no luck from that side." Almost enough to ruin my mood.


A brief silence settled between us. This was so not Jace. He was trying so hard to act normal, but someone like me could easily tell it was a facade.


"Why did you do it, Jace?" I took a seat, my voice caring enough to get him to take a break from his laptop.



"Kael is a nice man. Why did you have to hurt him that way?"


He buried his face in his palms, exhaling deeply.


"I know you're a nice guy, Jace. You don't use people and you don't say things you don't mean. I-I thought you really liked this guy. I actually liked seeing you two together. So,what happened?"


"I don't know, Lyric! I-I never wanted to ruin things between us. The truth is-" another deep breath. "This is actually new to me. There was a reason I met with that girl the other day. Now, it might sound stupid,but it was the only way I could handle things."


I stayed attentive as he explained everything to me.He changed my view completely and made me understand why he did what he did. In the end, I couldn't help feeling bad for him. You should explain things to him, then." | suggested when he finished with his narration. "He needs to know all of this. I'm sure he'd understand."



"No." He shook his head. "He's beyond mad at me.Won't even look at me anymore. It's like... It's like l don't even exist."



"Well, he has every reason to be mad."


"I know. But I don't think he'll listen to me. Maybe...he's moved on."



"Oh, don't be ridiculous. There's no way Kael would move on that easily. We both know he loves you."


He gave a slight shrug, his face still tinged with sorrow."I don't know. I'm honestly scared of the guy rightnow."


I opened my mouth to say more but stopped when l felt nauseated. My stomach twisted painfully, and before I knew it, I was running toward the bathroom.


I barely registered Jace coming after me before I was bent over the toilet, throwing all up.


"Hey! Lyric!" Jace put his arms around my shoulders.


My throat hurt by the time I finished. I flushed the toilet, then washed my mouth and face.


"Are you sick<? Taken any drugs yet?" He asked worriedly.



"I'll be fine. It just started."



"It's not about being fine. Make sure you take some medications."



I made a mental note to actually take it seriously since I was already throwing up.



****十



JARIS



Being away for one week left a lot of workload on my desk. There were so many files I had to go through from the company, so many reports from the Pack,and many others.


I had to force myself to be away from Lyric so I could work in my home office.


Lyric. My time with her still felt surreal.


Over the past week, she's made me feel things I'd never felt before. And last night, she gave me the best part of her. The conscious and willing her. It was more than I could've asked for.



I'd managed to work until midday and felt like checking up on her. But before I could round up to leave, a call came in from Chairman Lyon. It seemed a little off. The Chairman didn't make calls himself unless it was gravely important.


"Lyon," I picked the call.


"Alpha Jaris. I trust you're doing great?"



"|am."


"Good. We'll need you over at the Silver Citadel. As soon as possible."


Something pricked my guts."Why?"


"It's just some information we've received and would like to process if you don't mind. Please, do come as soon as you can. We're already waiting."


A moment passed before I told him I'd be there and dropped the call.


My guts groaned the truth at me.


Caden. He'd made good of his threats. He'd taken my blood issue to the Council already.
###Chapter 175
JARIS



I made my way to Lyric's room.


Standing at her doorway, I watched her eyes beam at the sight of me. They'd sparkled like stars the very second I opened her door.


"Hey," she said with a mouthful.


I managed a small smile, leaning against the doorframe with my hands in my pockets.


I took the time to analyze how well our relationship had evolved over the months. From hating that I was getting mated to her, to being irritated because I thought she slept with Zarek, and now, being this fascinated by her that it hurts me to be away from her.



I didn't know her face wasn't the only pretty thing she had. The girl was beautiful, inside out with a heart I'd die for. Was our contract actually meant to be for a year alone?



"Is there a problem?" Her brows were already creased with worry.


It was astonishing how quickly she could discern when there was a problem.


"The Chairman called." I didn't sound like I had a problem. "They want me at the Central Pack."


Her eyes spun around the floor for a heartbeat, then soared up to mine.


"It's Caden," I helped her innocent thoughts.



"No. It's-It's possible they're just calling for something else.Caden-"



"I expected it, Lyric. It was part of the reason I went to the cabin. But unfortunately," he shrugged. "I'm not ready to face them."



I shouldn't have come back here in the first place.I just thought I was better since I always felt better with Lyric around. Plus, I missed the Pack and kids so much,being away for a week was already torture enough.


"We should head out, then." She stood up, wiping her hands on her jeans. "I'll get ready."


I let a subtle laugh. Gods, she was so cute when she clung onto hope even in hopeless situations.


"I'm going to get tested. They'll use blood, and we both know I'm not going to pass it."


On a more serious note, I might end up losing Darkspire if they got to know I was a Hexed wolf.A Hexed wolf with control issues wasn't fit to be Alpha.


"So, what was last night for?" She approached me."I mean, all the exploring and letting you do things I'd never done with anyone before."



What did she mean by that? She wasn't a virgin.


But I was too wrapped out in the moment to point that out.



"I thought we were creating new memories? Memories you could hold onto?" She scoffed. "Long before I met you, I'd heard a lot about the ruthless Jaris Dreadmoor. You were on the lips of everyone; the envy of every Alpha. I don't think you got that title by running away from your fears. I know... I know this is different. It's about life and death. But how on earth would Jaris Dreadmoor ever run away from a challenge? In what world would he give up without giving it a try, at least?"


She took my hands. "I know he's your brother, but l hate him so much. If you give up now, it'll be him winning. It'll be him getting away with what he did to me that night." I didn't miss the tremor in her voice."This isn't you, Jaris. Please, don't let him win."


****	****



Lyric's small hand was intertwined in mine as we  walked into the Silver Citadel. On the first table was Chairman Lyon. Then, the tables that followed next were occupied by the Elders.


I felt him before I looked in the corner and found him sitting alone. He wNas dressed in black, almost getting lost in the darkness of the space.



I didn't miss the way Lyric's hand tensed in mine.I hated the fact that she was still this scared of him.I imagined her having flashbacks of the things he did to her that night.


I released my hand from hers and went forward.



"Alpha Jaris," Chairman Lyon called. "I'm glad you came."


The Elders gave me these unusual stares, like I was a beast in their midst. The corners of the hall were filled with guards who were clearly there to grab me in case I became a threat.



I looked at the corner again to where Caden was seated. "Is there a reason he's here?"



The asshole's lips lifted in a smirk. "Hello, brother." He looked at Lyric."Hi,Lyric."


His tone was softer with her, as were his eyes.


Something dark stirred in my chest, prompting me to go forward and rip his heart out.


If only we didn't have that stupid pact between us....


The Chairman started talking. "Your brother here-"


"He has a name," I cut him off, my voice like ice.


Lyon nodded. "Caden. He came here with a report that's gotten every one of us worried. He claims you're a Hexed wolf who's currently battling with control."



Though a storm started in my chest, I remained calm and focused on Lyon. "I don't see how that's possible."



"Really,brother? Like you didn't confront me about it?"The asshole asked from the corner.



I took my time turning to look at him. "Is this what you've been reduced to? Going around, making silly accusations?"



"Alpha Jaris, are you trying to say these accusations are false?" Elder Lucas asked.



"And I am shocked you all fell for it. I mean, you know who the bastard is; how desperate and senseless he is.Yet,you'd take his word seriously."



Caden laughed, but I didn't even spare him another glance this time. "Uh...Alpha Jaris, I hope you understand that this is a very serious accusation. As much as we love and trust you, we still need to make certain that we're safe around you."



He nodded to the guards in the corner. "I hope you don't mind us performing a little test."



I shrugged, giving nothing away. Not my rage, my doubt, or the fact that a tiny part of me still felt they were right and wanted to put an end to this.



I heard movements around me but didn't look,knowing it was the guards getting what I needed for the'test.'



I didn't look at Lyric either, not wanting to see the worry and encouragement in her eyes. I'd hate to disappoint her.


"If I were you, Jaris, I'd put an end to this madness,"Caden said from the corner. He remained ignored.


Two guards came to me with Cryptic chains. I held my hands out to them and let them lock it around me. I'd be foolish to protest. Because if I truly failed the test,I needed to be sure they were safe.


Lyric's words had been a big encouragement coming here.I mean,the girl brought out a part of me that the beast had been suppressing. Jaris Dreadmoor never backs down from a challenge.I never let others win over me. It was how I'd made it this far.



Yet, I still couldn't help but not trust myself.I remember what I was like without control years ago.I was worse than Caden-which was why I had been so eager to get rid of it.


If I failed this test and my urges are awakened, I might kill most of the people in this room.



"Alpha Jaris, are you sure you're ready for this?"Lyon asked.



Before I could answer, Lyric's voice answered in my head.



'You're ready, Alpha.' Those were her words from the room.



'I have this faith in you. I know you can do it.'


So,when I replied Lyon, it was as though, she was the one answering for me.



"|am."



He gave a clipped nod before ordering the guards to proceed.
 ###Chapter 176
JARIS



A stool and a bowl was brought before me. The stool was placed in front of me while the bowl rested on it.A guard came up with a blade in his hand.



He gave me a long stare, his hand hovering with the knife in it, giving me more time in case I wanted to back out of the test.


My expression remained impassive as I looked at him.With a nod, he sliced his palm, letting the blood flow through.



I kept my eyes fixed on the blood, as focused as the way everyone had their eyes on me.


I watched the red liquid hit the bowl, staining the plate like it was sharing a good meal the bowl didn't deserve.



I hardly blinked as I let the other memories flood me.



Kissing Lyric.


Fucking her.



Having her suck me. The way she giggled. What memory could be greater than that?



Minutes passed, yet the blood didn't have any reaction on me. The only urge I felt was the urge to grab Lyric,pin her against the wall and kiss her savagely.


"Caden has been lying!" Elder Lucas exclaimed, relief echoing in his voice.


"Oh, thank the gods! I knew it!"


Sighs of relief and exclamations wwent round the hall.Now I could look Caden in the eye.


A smile formed on my lips from the confusion he had spilling over his face. To see this look of disappointment on Caden's face, I'd do anything any day.Anywhere.



"Is this meeting over, then? I have more important things to do," I turned to the Elders and Chairman.



"Yes, please. We uh... deeply apologize for any inconvenience this might've caused you, Alpha Jaris.You'll be King soon. I'm sure you understand how important it is to take such situations seriously."



'You'll be King soon.'



That statement. I looked at Caden with a cold smile. As expected, he looked like he'd swallowed a piece of lime. He always hated limes from when we were kids.



Damm it, my damsel was right. What was I thinking wanting to let the asshole win?


Said damsel came to stand beside me. She slipped her hand into mine, and the moment she did, I noticed Caden's face growing even sour.


It was becoming too obvious that he was affected by Lyric being close to me. What in Hades did that mean?



I knew he was mad, but I'd rather not believe he was mad enough to feel jealous about Lyric.


"Come on," Lyric's soothing voice reached my ear.I looked away from the monster and at the angel.Her smile was contagious.



Holding hands, we exited the hall together.







We were barely seated in the backseat when I grabbed her by the back of her hair, pushed her forward and slammed my lips against hers.


She reacted with shock but didn't waste time reciprocating the kiss. Kael was in the front seat, but I could hardly bring myself to care. I slid my hand under her shirt and was so close to grabbing her boobs when she gasped and pulled away.



"What're you doing!?" She whispered-yelled, her wide eyes flying to Kael and back.


I bit my lip in frustration as I threw my head back against the headrest. Damn it, this was too much to control.


"Kael, give us a minute," I ordered.


Lyric's eyes grew even wider, shock rolling in them.



"What?!" She whispered.


Kael didn't hesitate and left the car.



"What the hell did you just do? He'll know!" She exclaimed as soon as he shut the door.



"What does it matter?"



I grabbed her by the ass and placed her on top of me,making her straddle me. Her arms fell on my shoulders, the tip of her nose pink.

 
"You're amazing," I wvhispered before claiming her lips again. I didn't waste any time. I pulled her shirt upward until my hand was fondling her breasts. She moaned into my touch, arching her back and giving it all to me.


I think I'm falling for you, Lyric-the words stayed on the tip of my tongue.


I think I'm finally crazy for you.



You taste better than blood.



Better than any meal I've ever had.


You make me want to be the best version of myself.


Oh,Lyric.



Lyric.



The words stayed in my head, begging to be let out.1wish I could open my heart and let her read this letter I constructed solely for her.



I wish she could open my heart and see how genuine my feelings are.



Lyric Harper.



The woman I took for granted in the beginning and never knew would become the best part of me.



The woman that was slowly taking a position that had been unoccupied for a very long time.


Her loud moans resonated in the car as I fucked her on my thighs, wishing this could go on forever.


****十十＊＊＊



LYRIC



Wood and choco. My favorite smell.


I snuggled myself closer to his arms, enjoying the way his heart beat against my ear.


Alpha Jaris.



My new home.


That sick feeling attacked me.


I sprang from the bed and into the bathroom, my hand already over my midriff before I bent over the toilet.


The nausea grew worse by the time I finished throwing up and straightened.


"What's wrong?" I heard Jaris behind me.



I went to the sink to wash my face.



"Come here." He was on me, turning me around to face him. He cupped my cheeks. "You don't look fine." "I'll be. I took some drugs yesterday. I'll take them this morning and-"



"But you're still not better." He gave me a disapproving look. "You shouldn't go to work today."



"No! I-I have an important surgery scheduled for today.Please,I really can't miss it."


Today was special. It was the day I got to have my revengge on Marta for what she did to me.


I held his hands, bringing them down from my cheeks."I was fine yesterday. Don't worry, I'll be good as soon as I take the drugs."


He didn't look convinced, still.



"You still have until afternoon. You should go back to sleep."



Ye took me back to the bedroom where we went back to sleep.



I wasn't sure we'd slept for up to an hour when we heard rapid knocks on the door.



I brought the duvet to my chest while Jaris went to check it out since it was his room.
"Daddy!" Xyla chirped. What?



My jaw hit the floor as I tried to think quickly.


I got off the bed, wondering for a split second if l should hide in the bathroom or something. It was still very early. The kids seeing me in their father's room by this time might paint a bad image in their heads.



"Hey, cuties. How were your nights?" Jaris asked,blocking the door.



"It was fine. Can we come in, daddy?" Xyla asked.


"Did... aunty Lyric sleep in your room?" It was Xylon.


My brows shot up in surprise. Huh?!



Even Jaris seemed speechless for some seconds."What makes you ask that?"



"| can smell her."



Confusion drew a map on my forehead.



How was that possible at his age?



Moments passed, yet Jaris was still unable to say anything else.


"Hii!" I waved, showing up at the door. "Aunty Lyric!" Xyla pushed past her father to meet me,giving me a tight hug.""We didn't know you were in here."



"I did," Xylon corrected her with a proud smile.


I shared a glance with Jaris. He shouldn't be able to do something like that at his age. His wolf wasn't active yet.


"Did you sleep with daddy?" Xyla chirped.



Oh, gods. That statement had so many meanings and my dirty mind chose to settle on the worst one.


"Of course, not. I just came in not long ago to help daddy with something." Another glance at Jaris who was smiling mockingly at me. "And it seems you want to discuss something with him. So, I'll just give you two some space. How's that?"



I left the room before they could object or accept.There was no way I was staying in the middle of that.







Jaris came to check on me before he left for work that morning and we laughed over what happened with the children.



When it was time for my shift, I reported to TCH and checked on my patients.


Doctor Guinevere and I went on a round together while discussing little things.


We were in her office when I had to run into her restroom to throw up.


Honestly, I was getting tired of this already. Why won't it just stop?



"Are you alright dear?" She asked with concern when I returned to my seat.



"Yeah. I'm on drugs. Don't worry, I'll be fine."



I was about opening the file in front of me when l caught her smiling. What was funny about my sickness?


"Haveyouconsideredrunningapregnancytest,honey?"
###Chapter 177
LYRIC



My eyes glittered like a neon bulb. If I wasn't this sick,I'd have burst out laughing.



"I don't mean to disregard your help, Guinevere,but there's no need for that."



I opened the file casually. Funny.



"Are you sure? Because I know a pregnant woman when I see one."



Oh,goodness.What was she talking about?


"Trust me, Guinevere, I'm not pregnant. If there was even the slightest chance of it, I'd know."



Geez,it was weird even talking about it. How could I be pregnant when I hadn't had sex until two days ago?



"You sound like you and the Alpha haven't been intimate," she said with a teasing smile.


"N-No! It's not what I meant!"


Well, until just two days ago,we actually haven't. "We've been careful, that's it."


She nodded with a smile, and just like that, the topic died down.







The highlight of the day arrived. The plan I'd been cooking for weeks since Marta hurt me.



She was a fool to think I'd let everything go after killing innocent people in my name.


I was excited when I got a call from Thomas, telling me he was outside already.


Thomas was a hacker Juan recommended to me. I got him to hack into our CCTV footage and check if any clip was deleted on certain dates.


I met him in his car where he handed an envelope to me.



"You were right. Some clips had been deleted. There's a chip in there containing the missing footage," he told me.



Eagerly, I inserted the chip into the laptop I'd come with and watched the video in awe.



I was right. Marta had gone into the inventory that day,just before l entered and took the drugs that killed the patients. Unfortunately, the camera was only positioned at the door and showed the people that went in and out, not the activity taking place in it.


But maybe, this could prove Marta had something to do with the mix-up,right?


I played the next clip and couldn't help the smile that covered my face. It was a footage of me going into the rooms of the people I'd treated but ended up losing the glory to Marta. Mr. Owens, Pete and the rest.



The bitch actually deleted the footage so she could conveniently lie it was her. When I asked the security team for the footage back then, they'd told me they simply couldn't find them. Who knew they were working for her.



"This is great, Thomas," I put the chip back in the envelope."Thank you. You'll get your balance shortly."



"My pleasure, ma'am. Don't forget to contact me if you need anything else."


His words brought me to a slight halt. There was actually something I might need his expertise on since he was so good at hacking.


I stil didn't know how those pills had entered my room.There was no footage when I checked the cameras that day, yet I knew there was no way those pills had magically implanted themselves in my room.


"I might give you a call soon. Thanks." I left the car.







I sat with my arms crossed, my heart brimming with joy and anticipation as Marta walked into the meeting room.



I heard her footsteps until she was standing beside me,close enough for me to see the confusion on her face.She was probably wondering why she was summoned to the meeting room where four Superiors and three members of the tech team were in. Not to mention me.



"Doctor Guinevere, you sent for me."



I had to applaud her for how calm and unbothered she could be even in times like this. Well, let's see how long she puts up with that.


Guinevere went straight to the point. "Specific footage had been missing from the system," she directed at the tech guys. "I must say it's quite disappointing that you are this incompetent. In such cases, it's safe to get you fired."


"That isn't necessary, ma'am. Those missing clips were as a result of a damaged part which has already been fixed. I assure you it'll not happen again," the head of tech explained. I noticed him glance at Marta who wasn't looking at him.


"Is that so?" Guinevere scoffed. She shifted her gaze to Marta. "Ms. Monroe, do you mind explaining why you were in all of these missing clips?"


Marta wore her perfectly confused face. "I don't think I understand-"



Guinevere turned her system to her. I couldn't help a smile as the clips played one after the other.



Her mask slipped. She was damn worried.



"On this day, you told me it was you who performed surgery on Mr. Owens. But from the clip, you spent less than three minutes in there while Lyric had spent close to an hour. Which of you would you say performed the surgery?" Guinevere questioned her.


Marta's eyes darted to mine, a silent threat in them.Oh,to hell with her.


"I-I don't really- I mean..."


Wow. Marta Monroe stuttering for words. The sight was gold.



"And this-" Guinevere pointed at the clip of me going into Pete's room beforr Marta did. After I treated him,Marta didn't go into the man's room until she was summoned by Guinevere when he was conscious.


"You told me you treated him, not Lyric. Have you been lying all these while? Taking the glory for someone else's hard work?"



"Please,I can explain."



"And you also went into the inventory just before Lyric went in that day to get drugs. Did you by any chance swap those labels to get her in trouble?"


"No! I'd never do such a thing!" She panicked.


"Then, explain why all of these footages containing your face were missing, Marta," another Superior said."To say I am disappointed in you would be an understatement."



"Please, you have to believe me. I didn't do anything wrong. I-I honestly don't know why these footages were missing. Shouldn't the tech guys be blamed for this?"



Guinevere scoffed. "You know, from the onset, Marta,I have always had this uneasy feeling about you.Something about you always screamed dubious. Who knows? Maybe it's the reason the Alpha didn't make you his Luna."


Woah. That was a bit personal. Yet,I tried and failed to suppress my smile.


When Marta spoke again, her voice told me she'd started crying.



"I'm telling you, it's not what you think." She pointed at me. "Did she do this? You're seriously going to take her word over mine? Can't you see she's trying to pin all the blame on me?"



"Well, she didn't make you lie about treating her patients, did she?" Another supervisor asked,throwing her a glare.


"You know, Ms. Monroe, we understand why you'd consider Ms. Dreadmoor a rival. But doing this-playing with work ethics and the lives of our patients... it's disappointing."


They all went on to express their disappointment in Marta that by the time they finished, she was a weeping mess.



Unfortunately, there still wasn't enough evidence that she'd switched the labels in the inventory. But they told her she was going to get sanctioned for every other thing she lied about. In the meantime, she was asked to pack up her things and go home.


She ran out of the hall with tears while I left feeling a sense of fulfillment. It might not be enough for the lives she took, but at least, she did get disgraced.


****十


When my shift ended in the evening and | returned home,the kids came to spend some time with me.


We were playing a game when my door was abruptly opened.



Marta stormed into the room, her hair looking messy with mascara smeared over her eyes, a clear indication that she had been crying.


She was still wearing the clothes and had on from TCH which made me wonder where she had been since she left hours before me.



I sprang to my feet, but before I could react, she was already making her way across the room to me.


"You bitch!" Her hand connected to my face,striking me hard.



"Mummy!"



"Aunt Lyric!"



The kids shrieked.



"How dare you?! How fucking dare you try to sabotage me this way?!" She hit me again. Rage filled me to the brim as I tried to hit her back.But she was faster, countered my strike and yanked my hair instead.



I reached for her hair too but I was majorly trying to separate her from me. Damn it, I was trying so hard to control myself because of the kids.



They were screaming at us to stop. I even heard Xyla crying.



I wanted to stop, but Marta was out of her mind and wasn't letting me go.


I lost the fight when she hit me in the belly. Normally,it shouldn't have hurt enough to weaken my defenses,but the thing hurt like a bitch, I basically screamed as I doubled over.
###Chapter 178 
LYRIC



She pushed me roughly to the floor while I clutched my belly. And she wasn't even done.


She got on top of me, hit me repeatedly-in the face,shoulders, and everywhere her hands could touch. I was too focused on protecting my belly to defend any other part of my body.



"Mummy, please stop!"



"Let her go!"


The kids were on her, dragging her back.


"Stop touching me!" She snapped as she turned to them, her voice like a tempest. "You should be taking my side, both of you! I amyour mother! And she-she'll always be nothing but an intruder. The earlier you get that into your tiny skull, the better it'll be for all of you."


My hands balled into fists, wanting so badly to make her pay. But I couldn't even lift myself from the floor.


Two guards showed up at the door. How convenient for them to finally hear the noise when she was done beating me up.



"Luna Lyric. Are you alright?" They helped me from the floor.



My tummy still hurt and I couldn't stop holding it.



Marta threw a venomous stare at me. "This isn't over.I'll make sure you regret ever crossing me." She dragged the children out of the room with her.



Every part of my body hurt from where she had hit me.The unbelievable witch.



"Do we need to call a doctor?" One of the guards asked.



"Yes,please.Now."







"So, just take these again by morning, you'll be completely fine. The bruises shouldn't be too serious as they weren't fierce," the doctor explained while I listened to her room where I laid on my bed.



It was a good thing Marta's punches were nothing like Caden's. Otherwise, I'd have been turning in pain by now.



"Is there a reason my belly hurt that much when she hit me?" | found it a little strange.
"Actually," she went through my kadek. "When was the last time you saw your period, Luna?"


I furrowed my brows, thinking it through. "Last month...fifth?"


"So, it's been more than a month. I'll um... actually suggest a pregnancy test in this case." I could see the smile she was trying so hard to suppress.



What was it with these people and forcing pregnancy on me? I wasn't fucking pregnant!


"Would you like me to conduct one for you now?"


"What? No!" I flinched. "Trust me, there's no need for that." 2



Was it possible for someone to get pregnant without sex? Hell no.



"Okay, Luna." Her response came hesitant. "This will be all for now. In case you need anything else, please don't hesitate to call me."



＊＊＊＊十



I was deep asleep when I felt strong hands on me,shaking me.



"Lyric! Lyric!" I came awake with a start to find Jaris sitting on the edge of the bed,his face filled with worry.


That worry morphed into anger when he looked into my eyes.


"What the fuck happened? Why did Marta get into a fight with you?"


I released a tired breath. "We had a disagreement at the hospital. She was...upset with me."


"And she did this to you?" His brows arched in disbelief. "Fuck, she's definitely going to regret it."


"No, please." I sat up and held his hand."Maybe she has the right to be mad at me considering what I did to her at the hospital. It's fine."


He still seemed displeased, but fortunately, he didn't insist anymore.



I laid back on the bed, staring into his eyes while my heart beat erratically in my chest. Guinevere and the doctor's words haunted me.



'I'Ll actually suggest a pregnancy test in this case.


A lump formed in my throat as I imagined myself actually being pregnant for Jarisagain in this situation.He already had two loving kids, and our contract would be expiring in ten months. What would his reaction be if I actually became pregnant? I didn't want to imagine how disappointed he would be and probably hurt me with his words.


But I knew I was not pregnant. It was simply not possible.







By morning, I felt much better, especially after I took my drugs.


Jace and I had an arrangement. So, very early,I followed him to the Beta's room.



I knocked on the door and glanced at my best friend who seemed unusually nervous. It definitely wasn't a good sight for him.


Kael opened up the door, wearing nothing but a pair of black pants. His hair was messy and flopped over his eye, his face exuding drowsiness.


But his brows furrowed when he saw Jace behind me.



"Hey! Kael, hi. How was your night?" I kept my voice cheerful.



But he wouldn't even look at me, his hardening gaze too focused on Jace. "Do you need something?" His tone was clipped when he finally did look at me.


"Uh...Yes! I mean, no. I just... I wanted us to talk."


He made a disapproving grunt before attempting to shut the door in my face. I was faster and hooked my leg in-between, forcing the door open.



"Kale, come on! Don't be like this."



"I don't have anything to discuss with him,Lyric."


It was painful experiencing this arrogant side of Kael all over.



"But it's important. Stop being so difficult!" My tone grew more serious. "You know, if it were him, he'd have given you a chance, at least."


His glare remained as his gaze slid between Jace and 1.



"You have two minutes to say whatever the fuck you wanna say and get out." He retreated into the room,leaving the door open.



I released a deep breath as I cocked my head at Jace."Come on. Go in and make him understand," |whispered.


He seemed a little hesitant, but I knew it was only out of fear and doubt.



"Jace, come on. He might shut this door any minute!"



"Fine. Fine." He pinched the bridge of his nose and finally made his way in.
###Chapter 179 

JACE



Never did he think a man would make him behave this way. Have so much fear and doubt in himself.


Well,that was before he met Kael. The arrogant Beta who hardly gave a shit about anyone and was always out to get him with his words.



Now, here he was, wanting to explain himself because he couldn't imagine another day without him in his life.Another day knowing the man was mad at him and despised him so much.



Jace was hardly one to show his emotions, but it was killing him inside.



"I hope you don't think it's one of those situations where I overlook time. You have sixty more seconds,"Kael grumped.


Jace stood in front of the shut door, his hands in his back pockets.


"Kael..." His eyes remained on the floor.really want you to hear me out."


"What else do you think you're in my room for?" Before now, Jace had gone over the story with with Lyric. He knew what to say. Yet, somehow, the words weren't forthcoming.



Kael sat on the edge of the bed as he brushed his fingers into his hair, his frustration mounting.



Jace knew his clock was ticking, and maybe that was the reason he couldn't say anything. He hated the fact that he was being timed to say what he had to.



"Fine. Get out," Kael said as he stood up.



"K,come on."



"Don't make me drag you out, Jace."


He grabbed his hand, attempting to pull him out of the room, but Jace wasn't about to make it easy for him



"Fine! Just let me fucking say something!"



"You had your time."



"Kael,please!"


The Beta halted.



"Look, I didn't mean to. Okay? I don't know how you found out, but it was never my intention to hurt your feelings." He pulled his hand free from Kael's. "I never thought I'd actually fall for a man. Even when the relationship between us got serious, I still thought it a joke and that it'd end in no time like my other relationships. But then... I started feeling things I'd never felt for anyone before. It kept getting serious until I was so fascinated by everything you did. Yet,foolishly, I thought it still wasn't right. I thought I was always meant to end up with a girl, you know?Because you...you were my first man. But gradually, I noticed that girls stopped amusing me.


"So, that day, I decided to do something stupid.It was more like a test to me. But I wanted to see if I could still get attracted to a woman. I met up with thisgirl,we had sex, but that was all it took for me to know my choice was sealed. I-I didn't even get to finish on her.Believe me, there was nothing amusing about it and all I kept envisioning was you. Please, Kael."


He stepped forward. "That was as far as it went. From that day, I swore never to have anything to do with a woman again. I came to the realization that you were enough. It... It actualy made me happy 'cause I was finally able to understand myself. I didn't think you'd find out."



Kael scoffed as he paced to the window. "So,this was the reason you wouldn't even have sex with me.You weren't ready to accept your sexuality and thought you were better off with a woman." "Yes! But that was before I clarified my thoughts. It's in the past now, believe me. All I want is you."


"It should be easy for you to say since you've been caught."


"No. No, don't say that. I mean it, dude."


For a minute, Kael remained quiet, his arms crossed.Jace held his gaze with pity-seeking ones, letting him know he held all the cards in that moment.



"Come on," he went closer, his heart beatng really fast. "I swear on my life, it's never going to happen again. You can ignore the world, but not me, K. I don't deserve this treatment from you."


For one more minute, Kael said nothing,still;simply holding his gaze. Slowly, a foreboding twinkle shimmered in his eyes



"You sure you're sorry?"


"Of course!|-"



"Why don't you go on your knees and show me,then?"



****+****十



LYRIC



The most important day of our lives finally came. The day of the final trial. The day that got to decide the next generational Alpha King.


I couldn't sleep the previous night-Jaris and I. We laid in bed and kept picturing the day and what our reactions would be when he got announced the winner. I told him I couldn't wait to see him leading every other Alpha. In my heart, I promised to be a supportive Luna for the remaining months we had together.



The remaining months.



I always avoided thinking of that as much as I could,and Jaris and I never do mention it when we were together.



I picked out the new dress I'd gotten from a Designer store two days ago and admired it. I needed something new and elegant to celebrate the evening when the victory did come.


I giggled the entire time I showered and jumped as I did my makeup. Jaris would be ready in no time and definitely taunt me for finishing late. We had to go earlier than everyone else 'cause there were some preparations we needed to make.



I was still wearing my bathrobe and brushing my hair when someone entered the room without knocking.I already knew it was him before I looked to confirm. "Seriously! Weren't you ever lectured on knocking?"


"You should watch your tone, young lady; you're speaking to your Alpha King."



A small giggle left my lips as he approached me.Alpha King. I loved how confident he was now.


"Unless," he rolled his sleeves up. "You want that tongue to get punished."



I rolled my eyes as I looked back in the mirror,ignoring the way my heart danced aroundin joy.


"Why are you here anyway? Can't stay away for that long?" Iteased.


"I came to see how far behind you were. And I was right. You still have your freaking hair down."


"Ugh. But I'm almost done."



I dropped the brush and faced him. "You ready for today, right?" | resisted the urge to touch him. Being with him,I wanted to touch him all the time.



"I am. Ready to be King."


He sounded like the proud Jaris I knew. The one who knew he was bound to win at everything. It was the man I fell for. "And I am ready to be Grand Luna," I giggled.


My heart hit the floor when I didn't get the reaction I expected from him. He tried to mask it as soon as it slipped, but I'd already seen it-the flicker of something sad and uncertain.


He covered it with a smile as he tucked some strands of my hair beneath my ear."Why don't you hurry with the dress? You'll make me late."


Despite the unease growling in my stomach, I smiled back at him and watched him leave.







I'd just put on my dress and was admiring how pretty it looked when a rapid knock reached my door.


I ushered the person in and Mrs. Bastina, the kids ' nanny came running. Panic threatened to consume me when I noticed she was in tears.



"Ma'am, Lyric, there's a problem. I-I don't know who to go to right now. The Alpha would definitely have my head if he knows about this.|-"



I gripped her shoulders. "Mrs. Bastina, calm down and explain to me. What's going on?"



"It's the kids. They're gone. They-They took them."
###Chapter 180
LYRIC



I saw this coming.



The part of me that was afraid that this night couldn't go so smoothly without any problems.



Even if we beat Caden's last plan and he seemed to have been silent for some time, a part of me had still been worried that he'd try to come up with something to ruin this night.



This was it.



I went completely numb as the nanny tearfully told me how she was supposed to be waiting at their school for them but had to quickly go somewhere to do something else. And when she returned, the kids and the driver were gone. She thought they might've come home somehow but there was still no sign of them.



I didn't think about the fact that the driver had clearly betrayed us and taken them away. The very thought that kept nagging at me was the fear of what Caden would do.
Gods, Jaris couldn't know about this. It'd totally ruin his performance and make him fail the trial.



"H-How long has this been?" Iasked with a tremor in my voice.



"A couple of hours."



And Caden still hadn't said a word about it.



I was doing it again. Going into a panic mode at the thought of him.


"What should I do, Luna? The Alpha would kill me if he knows u left the kids when I shouldn't have. l-I just didn't expect something like this because It's never happened. Plus the driver was there. So, I thought they'd be safe."


She broke into more tears. "Maybe I should tell Alpha Jaris about it. We need to start looking for them anyway and-"


"Don't." I held onto the vanity for support. "He-He can't know.Not now."



He was just about to leave. If only Caden would let him get through this night without the evil distraction.



But who I was kidding?



My phone rang on the table with an unknown number  calling. Even though there was no name, my head already screamed the danger of who it was.


I was too scared to pick the phone up until the call ended.



"Luna Lyric?" Mrs. Bastina called behind me.


The phone started ringing again.


"Could you-" A hard gulp. "Could you excuse me,please?"





Although unsure, she left the room.



My hands are on a shaky rollercoaster ride without an end in sight. I answered the call and took the phone to my ear.


"Finaly." The sound of his voice made me want to puke. "I was beginning to think you wouldn't take my calls at all."



I wish I didn't have to-l wanted to tell him but the fear wouldn't let me.



"| trust you're all doing fine at home? How're preparations going for the final trial?"


I didn't say a word.


"You know I hate it when I don't get answers, Lyric." His voice was tinged irritation.



It was enough to make my panic worse as l remembered the times he hit me when I failed to give him answers.



"Did you take them?" It was difficult keeping the tremor from my voice.



"Who are you referring to?"



"Caden-"



"You better be specific if you want answers."


"The kids!" I raised my voice a notch. "Do you have anything to do with their disappearance?"


"Well... I think I might have an idea."


My heart fell into a well of anxiety, echoing the emptiness.



"Actually, they're here. Wanna say hi to them?"


Oh gods. He really took them. He wanted to ruin this trial for Jaris.



"Why are you doing this? They're just kids! How can you be so shameless, and heartless and-"


"Save the lecture for someone who actually cares.I just need one thing tonight, then I'll let them go." "What?" |snapped.


My eyes met the mirror and I realized I had been crying. The makeup I spent forty minutes doing was ruined because of this son of a bitch.



"Come take their place," his response made my breath freeze."If you come to me, I'll let the kids go."


I never prayed so badly for something to be a dream.There was no way I was sacrificing myself to the monster. Just speaking with him was already filling me with so much fear. I couldn't imagine myself being in the same space with him again.



"What do you say, Lyric? Should I let the kids go already? Or you're not willing to take their place?"



"You're sick," I bobbed my head in a show of disillusionment like he could see me or it'd even matter. "I'm not coming anywhere near you."



He was still going to win in the end. If Jaris gets to know the kids are missing, it'd make him lose focus.And if the kids are back and he gets to know I'm missing, it might still distract him. Plus, what if Caden came up with a plan to trigger him or something?



Either way, the asshole might just win this thing.


But far be it from me to let him win. Jaris had put in so much already.


After killing the Executioner the other day, I swore never to use my powers on anyone again. But Caden was biting more than he could chew at this moment,and unfortunately for him, I wasn't ready to sit back and let him win over Jaris.



So, despite how scared I was of him, I changed my mind.





"Where do I need to meet you?"
###Chapter 181
LYRIC



The monster gave me a location and warned me not to tell anyone about it. It's not like I was planning to.The last thing I wanted to do was distract Jaris from what he had to do tonight.



I got rid of the tears on my face with makeup and was just about to head out when Jaris came in again. He was fully dressed this time.


"You ready?" There was hardly any mirth in his voice.



Gone was the playful Jaris. This was the cold Alpha that had serious business to attend to.



"I-" My eyes dropped to the floor. "I'm sorry,but could I catch up with you later?"


He cocked him brows.


"I'm sorry, I'm just...having these cramps.I think I need to take some drugs and rest for a while."



He didn't hide the displeasure from his face.



"Isn't there a way you could rest during the flight there?" "No, I'm sorry. I think it'll get worse if I move around as soon as I take the drugs. Remember you're going earlier right? I'll be there before the trial starts."


He still seemed reluctant to leave. "I was...hoping we'd fly together. Wanted us to talk about something."


"What is that?"



I saw it again-the flicker of sadness in his eyes.



But as quickly as it came, it was gone.


"I'll just see you later."


I slammed my hands against the table as soon as he left.



Oh, damn Caden. Damn him and everything he's ever loved. This was supposed to be perfect for Jaris and I.I should be with him, encouraging and talking about the trial with him. This was never the plan.


When I was sure he must've gone, I picked up my bag and left.



I told Mrs. Bastina to remain calm and that I had the situation under control.



It was a thirty minute drive to the location. Hopefully,I'd be able to round up quickly and really meet up with Jaris before the trial. I was surprised the location he gave me was an actual house. I thought it'd be an abandoned building or the temple.



I took a deep breath just before I knocked on the door, and the little bit of confidence I felt moments ago faltered when Caden opened up.



"Lyric," he called with a smile, leaning against the frame."That was fast."



My hands tightened beside me. "Where are they?"



He stepped aside. "Do come in.."



A storm of drums thundered in my chest, turning my legs to jelly.


I'd have to be alone with him. gods, I wished I didn't have to do this.



Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the house and flinched when he locked the door.



I darted my eyes around the large living room.There was no sign of the kids.



They might be in one of the rooms.


I tried going further to check the rooms.



"Don't waste your time. They're not here." What?



I snappily turned to him, my eyes wide with rage. "So,where the hell are they?!"



He went to the wine counter where he took out a bottle of wine and took his time to open it.


"They're being sent back to the Pack."



Hearing his words, it felt like I was under a cold shower. Relief crushed my bones, but it was quickly replaced with the last fear I had left-escaping him.



"D-Did you hurt them?"



I watched as he approached me with two glasses of wine.



"How could you even take them? They're kids, for Moon sake! You don't involve kids in such nonsense!"



I hated how nonchalant he was whenever | talked about the fact that he's been unreasonable. He just never seems to care.



"Here." He held one of the glasses to me.



Selene forbidI actually take anything from him. "I don't want it."



His eyes grew cold. "If I have to say it again, you'll bleed."



Though furious, I took the glass from him but took it nowhere close to my lips.



When he turned his back to me, my eyes darted to the door. Would it be possible to escape him? Since the kids were safe, if I could get away from here,everything would be fine.



"What do you want with me?" My voice came out raspy.



"Would you believe me if I said I was bored and needed someone to talk to?"



He took a seat facing me. I watched his eyes eat me up as he drank from his glass. "You're one gorgeous lady,you know that,right? Your dress-It's quite pretty."


If Jaris had been the one saying these words,I imagined how good they'd make me feel. But coming from this monster? All I wanted to do was puke.


"I see you and my brother made up after the little incident at the diner." His lips tipped up in a smile.


Fresh rage burnt through me at the recollection of what he did and how much it affected Jaris.



"You mean the one where you tried to trigger your brother? Yeah, we did make up. You know, it's easy to be understanding when you care about someone."


I didn't miss the way his smile vanished. It'd have brought a small smile to mine if I wasn't so scared and nervous right now.


Seconds passed. He brought his wine to half.



"What do you see in him, huh?" He furrowed his brows in curiosity. "What does everyone see in him?"



Every instant that passed wrapped the moment in deeper sadness. He wasn't just teasing anymore but was being painfully honest.


"I was supposed to be better than him.Or at least we should've been equals. From a young age, Jaris has always had everything I wanted-control, the people's support. Now, he is about to become King-a position I've always wanted."



He dragged his eyes from my head to toe. "He has a family. Kids." He hissed the last word. "I thought he couldn't have kids! Just like me. But like always, he's different."



What? Caden couldn't have kids?



"Call me bitter, but I want it all." He laughed, emptying his glass into his mouth. "I want everything my brother has, and I'm going to get it." Maybe if it were someone else, I'd have felt bad for them. But coming from Caden, I didn't feel a thing;not after what he'd done.



Jaris didn't ask to be born different. He didn't ask to have control and get the people's support. He and the people around him didn't deserve to suffer for it.



I recoiled when Caden stood up and started toward me. He looked more dangerous, making me take a step back.



I forced myself to stop moving and stood still until he was standing in front of me. His eyes dropped to my full glass of wine.


"You haven't touched your drink."


Fresh fear gripped me. I could see he was getting tired of talking and wanted to 'act'. This was the time to get out of here.



Without further hesitation, I splashed the wine on his face,broke the glass on his head and ran for the door while he hissed behind me.



I'd have made it. Oh, gods I'd have made it had the door not been locked when I reached it.


 
No. No. I continuously turned the knob but it wouldn't open. I didn't see Caden lock it with a key when I entered, so why couldn't I open it?!


I was seized by fear, every fiber of my body quaking as I turned around to look at him, my back pressed against the door. The side of his head was bleeding,his fingers coated in it. He was going to kill me!
###Chapter 182
LYRIC



I glanced at the hallway leading to the rooms. If I could reach it, maybe I'd find a room to hide in. But l knew that wouldn't be possible. He was too close to me and would definitely catch me.


"Please," I squealed as he came toward me. "I-I'm sorry."


His fist connected with my face immediately, making me see stars.



Fuck.



It was the first covered with his blood, which meant my makeup was ruined.



He grabbed a handful of hair and pulled so hard I cried.



"That was very foolish, Lyric." He growled in my face."You know, all I wanted to do was talk. But looks like you want us to busy."



No. No. No.



"Just let me go!" I cried out. "I don't want to be here!" "Why?" He smirked-that devilish smirk of his. "You'd rather be with my brother? Are you so eager to watch him fail?"



What did he mean by that?



"You didn't think I'd lethim win the trial so easily, did you?"



Oh,he wouldn't dare!


Frustrated, I did what I knew best. I gripped his hand and attempted siphoning. But confusion set in when l realized it wasn't working.



Huh? What was wrong?



He didn't even seem to know what I was doing as he dragged me by the hair to the couch, making me land roughly on it.



My hand protectively flew to my belly. I didn't even know why I was holding it. I was just scared of him hitting me there.



"You're going to sit here, Lyric, and hear what I have to say," he growled at me.



****十



JARIS After reading the Silver Citadel, I met with the Elders and Zarek where we had a long discussion concerning the rules of the final trial. It was meant to be bloody,and they wanted us to understand that we were not supposed to kill each other. But of course, if the situation did arise and one of us ended up dead, the other person would not be blamed.



They also asked if any of us wanted to drop out of it,but neither of us was ready to do that.


Waking out of the meeting room, I dialed Lyric and was concerned when she didn't answer her phone. For the love of everything good, I did hope she was here already.



Getting to the stage, I scanned my eyes around but there was no sign of her.


"Is Lyric here?" I asked Kael who had come to meet me.



"I don't think so. Jace just arrived, and he said he hadn't seen her at the Pack House before leaving."



That was strange. Did she go to see a doctor or something?



"What about my mother and Maddy?"



"They're here already." "And Lyric didn't come with them?"



"No."



"Call home. Have someone look for her. I need feedback on this as soon as possible."



He nodded and left.



****十



LYRIC



Fortunately, Caden didn't hit me again but went ahead to tell me stories from when he and Jaris were younger.


The guy was really sick in the head. I couldn't believe he was comfortably telling me stories when he was holding me captive.


He had stopped bleeding, but my cheek still hurt from where he hit me.



The whole time while he spoke endlessly, I kept thinking of ways I could escape this place.


The door was probably built in a way that it was automatically locked when she shot, and Caden must be with the key. As scary as it was, there was no way l was getting out of here without his approval. I got worried thinking about Jaris. What if he was looking for me already? Would he get distracted? By the hunts, I hoped he wouldn't.


"Why don't you tell me, Lyric? What do I have to do to get you on my side?" Caden asked a while later, his arms crossed from where he sat on the couch. "I know you helped Jaris with his urges. How did you even do that?"



I glared up at him. "I didn't do anything."


He scoffed. "Okay. Answver my question. How do I get you on my side?"


I didn't even understand what he meant. I was just too focused thinking of a way to get out of here.



But when he stood up and started toward me, I also sprang to my feet.


His smile held a challenge as he kept coming toward me while I retreated. The next thing happened too fast. He moved at me at the speed of lightning,grabbed me by the waist and throat and slammed me against the wall. I gasped loudly, My mind swirled with dazzling spots for a fleeting second.



Pain shot through my lower abdomen, making me whimper. But the asshole didn't even seem to notice. "Do you remember the things I said at the diner?" He loosened his hand around my throat, allowing me the space to breathe. "About you being in my head a little too much? Well, guess what? It's gotten worse, Lyric."


My brows furrowed from his words.


"These days, I find it harder to not think about you You're imbued in my memory; in everything I do. I had to abduct the kids to fucking get you here." He laughed.


Releasing my throat, he ran his hand to my hair,caressing the edges. "Maybe it has to do with the fact that you're very pretty. I mean, a girl with your face could make a man do anything she wants. Is that the reason I am so obsessed with you?"


I wanted to laugh in his face. Caden was obsessed with me? And he was telling me this right after he hit me in the face?



"Get over it," I told him truthfully. "I'd rather die than fall into the arms of someone like you."



He cocked his head to the side, his disappointment evident.



"Why don't we get serious? Name your price. What do I have to do to get you from my brother?" "Is that what you see me as? A price?" | huffed.


"Just answer my damn question!"


"There is no price!" I yelled in his face. "I love your brother. And what we share...it goes beyond what people likeyou can see."


I never thought I'd be saying these words about Jaris before now, but it suddenly felt liberating. So natural.So true.



"Your brother is the only man I've ever loved. And you thinking you could have a place in this heart of mine is -" I laughed."Laughable."


"You can beat me all you want,Caden. Ruin my body and leave me bruised for weeks. But that is as far as it'll ever go. You'll never be able to penetrate my skin.My heart?" I tsked. "It's only going to be a fantasy for you."



His eyes darkened to the point that should get me shaking. Yet, all I felt was utmost satisfaction.He could kill me now and I'd be glad he got to hear this piece of my heart.



His nostrils flared just before he stepped back and slapped me in the face. It was so hard it brought me to my knees. When the initial pain subsided, I looked him in the face and laughed. That infuriated him the more because he kicked me in the chest.



Oh,damn it. That one hurt.
###Chapter 183
LYRIC



He crouched to my level and yanked my hair.



"Let's see how long you get to put up with the show,Lyric. I'm curious. Are you?"


Caden disappeared for some minutes and reappeared looking calmer. The blood on his face was gone.


I was already on my feet, my back leaned against the wall with my arms crossed, cooking up a million scenarios of how I could get away from here. Jaris might be looking for me already.



"What are your plans for me?" I spread my arms. "For how long do you intend to keep me here? I need to go."


He silently went over to the wine counter where he refilled his glass. He kept his cold silver eyes on me as he drank slowly from his wine.


I shifted uncomfortably on my feet, getting nervous by the second. The urge to get out of here was growing stronger.



"So, you're actually in love with my brother," he remarked when he lowvered the glass from his lips, then laughed. "You have no idea,Lyric,how much more you just made me interested in stealing that heart of yours from him."


If I wasn't so nervous, I'd have rolled my eyes. The guy was a big dreamer.



"Please, let me go."



He drank from his glass as he approached me. There was nowhere for me to retreat to even if I wanted to.So,I just sood there and let him get close.



He stopped in front of me, lifting a hand to my hair where he wrapped some strands around his fingers.


"Jaris clearly loves you too," he murmured. "Two hopeless souls thinking they could have a perfect end."Mirth danced in his eyes before he said his next words."You know, what if I actually decide to keep you for myself? Like, right now? You're already in my den. All I'd have to do is keep you locked up and treat you like a slave. Like mine. That way, you'll be away from Jaris."



I felt like shadows were closing in around me.


He was right. I hadn't even realized how bad this could be for me. What was stopping him from actually keeping me here 'forever'?



I swallowed tersely. He must notice my profound fear because he laughed. "Don't worry, Lyric." He released my hair. "I plan on making you come willingly to me. I'll make sure you don't have a choice. The only thing that would be on your mind would be Caden."



I snorted. "Keep dreaming!"



He smiled before drinking from his glass again,emptying it.



Maintaining eye contact, he gradually stepped back with intent.



"Still want to leave?" He walked back to the counter.



"Yes." Why the hell did my powers not work on him?Was there something wrong with me?



He dipped his hand into his back pocket into his where he retrieved a key and threw at me.



It dropped to the floor, and I didn't hesitate to pick it.


I was relieved when the key worked on the door.I hurried to the couch to grab my bag.



I should've ran away. Just kept quiet and saved myself.



But I was too angry. And perhaps the fact that my freedom was staring me in the face gave me some kind of balls. "You put in so much effort-took the kids,dragged me here-all for this?" | tsked. "If you're bored,you could actually get a job. The hospital I work at could use a cleaner for example."



Because of him, I didn't get to fly with Jaris. I had to lie to him! And who knows what was possibly going on in my absence!


"You think I did this plainly for fun?" He laughed. "You have no idea, do you? 'This' was the plan."


He set his glass on the counter. "Thanks to you, I got to know your weakness, as well as my brother's. He'd be a wreck without you. And you, you're so blown by him you'd lose your sanity if something actually happened to yyour relationship. You're willing to do anything for him, including sacrificing yourself for the kids he has with your enemy." He tsked."You gave me the key to breaking you, Lyric. And by breaking you,you do realize I'll be breaking him." A cunning smile touched his lips. "How miserable you two would be without each other. I have a lot to plan."



For a moment there, his words got to me. They mare me fear that I'd actually given myself away. The thought of being away from Jaris was actually driving me insane now. How did I become so obsessed with him?



I faced him properly, forcing my head high. "You're wrong. If you think you can do anything to break us apart, then you clearly don't know how far Jaris andl have come. You don't understand the concept of our bond."



I turned toward the door.



"Good luck with the final trial tonight," his voice reached me. "Jaris will be needing plenty of it,because from the looks of it, I doubt he's going to make it. Too bad you won't even be there to see it."



My hand tightened around the strap of my bag as I turned to him. "What did you do?"



He flashed a grin and shrugged.



"What did-"



"If you're not gone in the next thirty seconds,you won't be leaving until the end of the day."



That was enough to get me moving.


As soon as I was in my car, I laughed.


What was I even saying? How could Jaris and I be together? Had I forgotten so soon what I was? Jaris was about to become King. He'd kill me the second he discovered my secret. Even if he didn't want to, his people would never approve of it, and there was no way he could go against his people. Both of us, we could never be together.
###Chapter 184 
JARIS



Something was wrong. Lyric was still not here.


When she told me she had those stupid cramps and wanted to stay back, I should've known from that moment that something was off.


Lyric knew how important this day was to me.She'd never let me come here on my own, despite whatever condition she was in. How had I been so nonchalant to have missed it?



The trial was starting. Zarek and I were called on stage.


I knew cowardice wasn't something I should expect from him, but he looked too confident. Like he knew something I didn't.



While the Chairman addressed the crowd on the final trial which was termed 'The Strength Of A King,' I looked for Lyric in the crowd and on stage. There was still no sign of her.


My eyes found Kael. I gave him a questioning look,but he gave me the same negative shrug, telling me they still didn't know where she was. Damn it! Something was definitely wrong.


The rules of the final trial were quite simple, but the game itself was not. There was only one rule-fight until there was one man standing.



Your opponent didn't necessarily have to die. You could just beat them to a pulp until they were too weak to stand on their feet. That way, you'd be declared winner.



That was exactly what I planned to do with Zarek.Beat him senseless without drawing blood. It'd be a difficult thing to do, but it was the only way I could avoid the blood urge.



Now, more than ever, I needed to avoid blood considering the fact that Lyric was absent.


Jace, Nerion and some men were already out there looking for her. I wished I could join the search, but that would mean forfeiting the trial. Lyric had gone through a lot for this for me to just abandon it.I couldn't do this to her.



The plan was to make sure I win, then I'd go find her.


Chairman Lyon walked out of the stage, giving us enough space for the fight. The stage was different today. There were no other Alphas around as Zarek and I were the last ones standing. The high ranking Alphas and their families were on a different stage,not on this very one.



No,tonight, this very stage was cleared up for me and Zarek.



Lyric was in trouble.


The words echoed in my head as Zarek and I put some distance between ourselves.



But when had she not been in trouble since she met me?



"Are you sure you want to do this, Jaris?" Zarek asked with a smirk as he took off his shirt, me doing the same. "Believe me, it won't be a nasty sight for everyone here."


I glanced at the crowd. It was fuller than it had been on the previous trials.



Well,they were all here to witness who their next King would be. This fight would produce it tonight.



Yet,there was still no sign of Lyric



Chairman Lyon from his seat on the second stage,went over the rules again. Finally, the bell went off.



Zarek barreled toward me, claws extended, I dodged and socked him right in the jaw. One of the rules of the game was not to use our Alpha strength. Zarek was damn lucky for that.Because if I had to use my full strength on him,he'd be on the floor in no time.



He came at me again. Kicks were thrown, punches were made, then he got me with his claws on my arm.


I didn't give a reaction as I barely felt the sting. I was just thankful it was my own blood which didn't have an effect on me.



The hall was noisy as the people cheered us on.


"You're bleeding, Jaris," Zarek clicked his tongue.

"Sure you won't surrender to go check it out?"



I scoffed. "Each time you talk, you make me more eager to win this. I mean, these people deserve a better King."



We got entangled again. A few tactics and I brought him to the floor on his back, then landed a good kick to his chest.



He groaned and managed to rush to his feet. I didn't miss the way his hand rubbed over his chest, clearly feeling the pain from the kick.



"What's wrong, Zarek? A future King can't take a simple kick to the chest? How do you expect to defend the people?"



He snapped his teeth and surged forward with alarming speed. For three minutes, Zarek did all he could to bring me to the floor, but it was useless as in the end, he was the only one who got hurt. The guy could hardly get me in the face, and the harsh reality that I was way stronger than him was beginning to rile him up.



"Careful, Z. Seems you're starting to lose it," I winked at him.



I relished in the sight of the bruises starting to form on his face. The asshole was already bleeding through the nose.



It was a small blood. Not enough to affect me.


He sniffled before he wiped the blood with his knuckles.



I kept my fists ready, waiting for him to attack like he always did. To my surprise this time, he didn't.


He kept his distance, his eyes on me. I watched cluelessly as he took a claw to his arm.



That was when it hit me.



No. He dipped his claw into his arm, drawing blood. Plenty of it.



The crowd mumbled in confusion.



My heart raced into a frenzy,eyes glued to the blood as if pulled by an invisible force.


The red thick liquid poured down his hand, staining the floor below. It called out my name, begged to have my tongue on it.


No!



I turned away so quickly as if the sight burned. How did he know this about this?



"Come on, Jaris," I felt him getting closer."Let's put an end to this, shall we?"



Forcing myself to look away hence being distracted, it gave him the advantage to hit me in the leg,making me lose the balance I'd so protected and end up on the floor.



Standing above me, the blood dropped from his arm to my face, too close to my lips.


A sly smirk crept onto his face as he hovered above me. "Something wrong, Jaris? You don't seem to like blood." I shut my eyes, trying to keep the memory out,but it was too late now. The smell of the blood was overwhelming. The taste of it was tempting. My beast -oh,how pathetic I was for trying to keep it buried-was well awoken now.



There was no stopping this. Right in the presence of everyone,I lost control.
###Chapter 185 
LYRIC



I was too late.



I just knew it the moment I ran into the hall.



I'd been lucky enough to get a flight coming to Silver Citadel, but of whnat use was it when I missed the most important show anyway?



The noise coming from the hall was too much. The music was loud, screams of celebrations and even drums being rolled in different parts.



The people were in their happiest mood. A new King had been chosen.



My heart pounded with anxiety as I made my way through the crowd, looking for a familiar face | could ask how it went.



Who won? Jaris or Zarek? What if Caden's plan worked in my absence? Gods, I'd never be able to forgive myself if this whole thing was ruined because of me.



It was stressful getting through the excited crowd.When I still couldn't see a familiar face, I stopped a random person.


"Who won, please?" I had to shout so she could hear me above the noise.



The lady looked all sweaty and drunk and was still holding a plastic cup of wine. "Who else?! Alpha Jaris!"



The relief that hit me was enough to crush me to the ground. My hand flew to my chest as I staggered back on my feet,releasing deep breaths I didn't even know I needed to release.



Jaris won. Jaris was King.



Yes!



My strength was renewed. This time, I pushed through the crowd with more determination, laughing as I ran along.I needed to find him. My new King.


As I kept running, I overheard some people talking about the fight.


"What the Alpha did was awesome! I didn't know he had such strengths and tactics."


"Yeah! But I still can't believe he killed Zarek. Didn't see that one coming though."


I stopped dead in my tracks, my eyes rolling back in disbelief.No wait.



He killed who?!



I turned in the direction of the people that had been talking. My palms became sweaty in an instant. But before I could go to them, someone called my name.


"Lyric!"



I turned hastily to see Maddy running toward me.


She was wearing one of her very short dresses tonight.As a matter of fact, I could see her thighs. However, I was too shocked by the news I just heard to even look angry about it.


"Where in Moon's name have you been? We've all been looking for you! Especially that one they call my brother." She rolled her eyes.



Her excitement returned as she took my hand. "I wish you had been here to see what happened, Lyric! Jaris was awesome! The strength he displayed, it was like nothing we'd ever seen before! He just... He was on his back this minute,and the next minute he was on Zarek. He beat him the hell up in a different way and ripped his heart out. It was insane! But he won!"



I swallowed tightly, my heart still beating painfully.Before tonight, I already knew an opponent could be killed in the fight. But what the people didn't know was that Jaris was a Hexed Wolf who couldn't be killed easily. So, my only fear had been for Zarek. And just like | feared,he was dead.


The guy hadn't been the best one. I mean, he almost raped me. But I didn't expect we'd lose him so soon.His Pack must be pretty mad at Jaris.



"You should go see Jaris. He's been very worried and angry." Maddy broke into my thoughts. "Although, I wouldn't blame you if you choose to run away right now. I don't even like him." She rolled her eyes.


Well,she seemed pretty excited for someone who didn't want to care.



"I-I'll go meet him. Thanks."



I found my way to him. He was in the midst of some Elders, the Elders seeming to be saying something serious, yet I doubted they had Jaris' attention as he kept looking around.



His eyes finally landed on mine, and the shock and relief I saw in them was heart-warming.



He didn't even try to excuse himself from the Elders.He just walked away from them, came to me, grabbed my hand and led me away from the crowd.


He didn't stop until we were in a less noisy hallway  "What the fuck,Lyric?!Where on earth have you been?"He rasped.



Despite looking like he wanted to snap my neck, I still managed a smile.



"You won. Congratulations, King Jaris."


It had a really nice ring to it. King Jaris.


"This is no time for jokes," he snapped. "You weren't home.Where did you?"


I blinked away the excitement, now hating that l missed the actual show. I wasn't there to encourage him; wasn't there to give him his first hug. That was kind of sad, really, after putting in so much effort to make this happen.



More reasons to hate Caden.



"Did you have any cramps, Lyric?" His tone turned serious. "I swear, I'd pull down your pants just to check if you don't answer me right now."



My eyes dropped to the floor."I-I'm fine. You won.That's all that matters."



"That's not all that fucking matters!" He grabbed me roughly again. "Where the hell are you? Did Caden do something?" I looked him in the eye but couldn't give him an answer. Yet, it was more than enough answer.


Slowly, he released my hand, his eyes glinting with shock and hurt.



"Caden took you?"



My eyes dropped to the floor again.



"And you didn't say a word?"



"He had the kids!"



I took a deep breath. "I'm sorry, Jaris. Today was too important for me to ruin in any way.I was ready to do anything to make sure Caden didn't win."


When he asked me to explain, I went ahead to tell him the story from beginning to the end. He only grew a bit calmer when I told him Caden didn't touch me.



Fortunately, his punch to my face didn't leave a bruise.



"Damn it, you should've said something, Lyric! He could've badly hurt you. How do you think any of this victory would've been worth it if something happened to you?"


My heart clenched at the thought of how the said victory was achieved. "Zarek didn't make it." My voice dropped.



There was a slight hesitation before he answered."I had no intention of hurting him. I think Caden got to him somehow and told him to use blood against me.And since you weren't here, it was more difficult resisting it. I-I almost lost control." He sighed. "It got too much, I had to focus my anger on something else rather than feeding on him in the presence of everyone. I had to kill him."



I nodded, totally understanding him. I just hated it when people died around me.



Seconds passed. Finally, I leaned in and gave him a hug,wrapping my arms tightly around his waist.



"You won in the end. Congratulations." I pulled my head back a little so I could look into his face. "Sorry I wasn't here to help."



He spanked me on the ass, earning a giggle from me."I should be the one apologizing for always getting you caught up in my troubles."



Well,that was true.



Yet I couldn't have it any other way.


"Alpha Jaris," someone showed up at the hallway.

"The Elders are calling. They need you on stage." I followed Jaris back to the hall and joined the others in applauding him as he took the stage.



Chairman Lyon began his speech, thanking everyone for their support and contributions. He congratulated Jaris once more,telling him he couldn't wait to see him as King.



The speech went on for a while. The crowning of the grand King and Luna was scheduled to happen in three days. After which, Jaris and his family would move to the Central Pack House.



Mentioning the grand Luna brought the Chairman to an important topic. Jaris needed to introduce who the grand Luna would be.



As soon as he was told to make the announcement,excitement bubbled in my chest. But I grew confused when I saw the solemn look on Jaris' face. Why didn't he look happy all of a sudden?


The microphone was handed to him. I watched happily as he thanked the crowd for their support and all.



I imagined him calling me to the crowd; telling everyone I'd be his grand Luna. A smile tugged at my lips.



"For the grand Luna who would rule beside me," he began. "It's none other than the mother of my children-Marta Monroe."
###Chapter 186 
 LYRIC



It became real when I watched Marta ascending the stage. Even she looked shocked, but happy nonetheless.



My heart sank deep into the bottom of my chest;deeper than any ocean.



Marta was going to be Grand Luna. Not me.



Oh, Lyric. How hopeful and stupid were you? What even gave me the impression that Jaris would ever pick me to be Grand Luna?



His joviality with me of late might have made me forget that this was all a contract. Or maybe it had to do with the sex.



Well, I must've been stupid too. Jaris has had sex with a lot of women, yet he didn't make them Luna. What gave me the impression that I'd actually be different?



I was only a contracted Luna who would be out of his life in a few months.



A laugh bubbled in my throat. But it was cold and bitter. I watched Marta show courtesy to the Elders and the crowd. Everyone was joyously cheering her. Their new grand Luna.


My vision got blurrier by the second. I knew the tears wouldn't take long to come, and far be it for me to shed any on a day like this, in this very place.



So, I turned around and left, leaving the parents on stage to celebrate their win.



****+



JARIS



If it wasn't mandatory for me to stay here until the end, the sky knew I'd have been out of here.



Lyric was gone.


She was standing there one minute, but the next time I looked, there was no sign of her.


I hardly heard a thing the rest of the Elders said as my eyes kept searching for her.



Was she hurt? Of course, she'd be hurt, Jaris!



I didn't even tell her about it to prepare her or something.We'd been too happy about the trial that I didn't want to ruin her mood with the news. But today, I was ready and planned on telling her on the jet, but unfortunately,shé didn't come with me. Then,she went missing for hours and only came when it was too late.



Still, I blamed myself. I should've found a way somehow to let her know.



The Chairman has barely gotten the last word out before I was out of the stage, going to look for her.It was wrong, actually, as I was supposed to stay back and speak to some of the Alphas that would want a word with me. But I didn't give a damn about any of them right now.


I checked the hallways, but there was no sign of her.


I went outside the hall, hoping to find her in the lot or something. But it seemed she was just gone.



Damn it.



"Is there a problem, boss?" Nerion asked,showing up with Kael and two other guards.


"Lyric. Any idea where she might be?"


Kael shook his head while Nerion shrugged.	saw her arrive a while ago. Did she leave again?"


I looked around the wide space, hardly noticing the people staring at me. They had admiration in their eyes, and some of them even bowed to me. Yet, in that moment, it meant nothing. The only thing that mattered was finding Lyric.



I knew her. If she was upset, she wouldn't stick around here.She'd want somewhere safe and quiet. Since we weren't in Darkspire,she couldn't have gone to her friends or family. So, she was definitely in a hotel around here.



"I need you to check for every hotel around here.I need to find her tonight," I instructed the men who nodded and left, though two guards stayed with me.Like I needed them.


I took out my phone and tried calling her. Just like l feared, she was unreachable.



I was typing a text when Marta's strong perfume hit me in the nostrils.



"Jaris!" She beamed. "Why are you out here?"



I spared her a glance before returning my attention to my phone. I'd never really liked this perfume on her.It was an agarwood fragrance and always smelt too strongly.


"Well, I've been looking for you. I just wanted you to know how happy I am that you chose me. I mean,I wasn't expecting it." She laughed nervously. "This means we'll have to get married, right?!” I looked at her again and scoffed-at myself. It wasn't until she mentioned it that I realized I truly hadn't told her about it. Didn't even consider her opinion at all.



Marta Monroe being my Grand Luna. Who would've thought?



Years ago when I newly met her, I liked her 'cause l thought she was a loveable person. That was until l got to understand how wrong she was in so many ways.



I was happy she gave me kids, but I never wanted her by my side. Unfortunately, I had to do this for my kids.For their future. They were more important than the dislike I had for their mother.



"Not now, Marta," I grumped before l walked away.







It took thirty more minutes for me to finally locate Lyric. That was after I'd sent multiple texts and tried calling severally. Her line finally went through.



"Where the hell are you, Lyric? We've been worried!"It was hard to keep the anger from my voice



I'd actually been worried when she became unreachable for too long "I'm fine." Her reply was simple. She sounded tired too.



"Where are you?"



She said nothing.



"Lyric?"



"I-I'm fine. I just booked this hotel to-"



"Where?"



Silence.



"Text me the address, Lyric. Now."


I cut the call, not wanting to give her an option to disagree.
###Chapter 187 
JARIS



She texted the location and I was there in no time.She opened up when I rang the bell, and the moment I laid eyes on her, I forgot about my worries for a minute.



She was wearing a thigh-length night dress-short enough to reveal her thick thighs. It had a matching jacket, but it did nothing to hide the beauty of her cleavages.



Her hair was down and on her shoulders, her face bare of makeup.



It was just a nude-colored dress, yet she looked beyond sexy.



It wasn't until I stopped looking at her flesh and looked at her face instead that I realized how sore her eyes were. It drew a frown on my face.



"Have you been crying?"



She shook her head while trucking some strands of hair behind her ear. Now who was she kidding?



I made my way into the small cozy room. "You shouldn't be here," she mumbled.



"And where else should I be?"


"I don't know. With the grand Luna?"



Her words struck me deeply.



I was about to say something when she suddenly winced and clutched her tummy.



"Hey!" I rushed to hold back, but she stepped back.


"Are you still sick? I thought you were getting better?"


"I'm fine." She stopped wincing, her tone hard.



"You don't look fine." I tried going to her again. "You need to-"



"Please! I told you I'm fine." This time, she snapped,still taking more steps away from me.



I forced myself to give her some space.



"Look, I'm not mad, Jaris. I-I really don't understand why you're here 'cause I'm sure the party is still-"


"I'm sorry." I cut her off, closing my eyes briefly. "I wanted to tell you, Lyric. I'm sorry I didn't find the right time, but I planned on telling you on the jet today. It wasn't my intention for you to find out this way."



My words didn't seem to have much effect on her.Instead, the hurt in her eyes grew, like she was more wounded I was admitting to the fact that I had it in mind to make Marta my Luna this whole time.



"You should've just told me," she chuckled-though it was forced. "I mean, I don't get why you think it was a big deal. Marta is a cool lady.Plus, y-you:ve known her before me. So, I think it's pretty fine to-"


"I had to do it for the kids," I cut in, already knowing where her thoughts were headed.



Her brows drew together as she looked at me with perplexity.



"The Elders told me they'd be regarded as outcasts if I didn't get married to their mother. They said I could marry any woman of my choice,but when that woman had children, only hers would be regarded as legitimate.Xylon would not have access to the throne."



I watched as her lips parted, shock reflecting in her eyes.



"A-Are you serious?"



I shrugged. "Marta might be cool to some people,but I'd never intentionally pick someone like her to be my Luna." I gave a slight pause. "I didn't even think it was possible for me to have kids. Xylon and Xyla... they're more than a blessing to me. And it's possible I'd never have another apart from them. So,what's the point of making them illegitimate, huh,when they're all I have?Quite unfortunate I have to end up with Marta."


She brushed her fingers into her hair as she turned away. I watched her amble to the window, still pulling at her roots.



"I'm sorry, Lyric." I apologized for the second time tonight. "I never wanted it to go like this."


She might not say it, but I knew she was broken by it.She was hoping to be Grand Luna, and I didn't know anyone more deserving of the position.


But unfortunately, things don't always go as planned.


****+****+



LYRIC



I didn't know how to stay mad at Jaris after his explanation the previous night. Even I would've chosen my kids I was in his shoes.



So, I didn't blamne him. But that didn't mean I wasn't hurt that things turned out this way.



He and Marta would have to get married and they'd be together forever. For me? There was no place for me. It wasn't like there ever was.



Our flight back to Darkspire was scheduled for that morning. While getting ready in the room, I felt nauseated again and threw up.



It was getting worse. I'd been taking my medicine and all,yet none of it was working. And it was as if the sickness only occured in the mornings and evenings.


I know I'd laughed at Guinevere and the Pack doctor when they suggested it, but the symptoms were really beginning to look like what they suspected.


Still, it didn't make any sense. I hadn't been intimate with anyone for six years! How could I possibly be pregnant?



And of course, it wasn't possible to get pregnant through some crazy sex-dreams.



But right now, it looked like there was nothing else to do other than to perform the test. Maybe it'd finally clarify things so I'd be sure there was something else wrong with me, not pregnancy.


With that, I concluded that I'd do a pregnancy test as soon as I reached home. Jaris' family was also flying back with us


Jaris and I reached the airport together and headed to the boarding gate.



We sat next to each other in the room of the jet, but a while later, he excused himself to do something,and that was when Marta came in.



She was literally glowing. I couldn't begin to imagine how happy she must be to be getting married to Jaris.


"Lyric darling," she crossed her legs as she took the seat Jaris had occupied. "Don't you think I should be the one in that seat?" She jutted her chin toward where I was sitting.


"I mean, Jaris and I will be getting married in three days. It's only right we get enough space to bond.Right?"


She had a smug smile on her face, looking so proud.


"Wow," I scoffed. "You've been with this guy for six years, had kids for him, yet you don't have even the slightest bond, do you?" | clicked my tongue, shaking my head. "That's quite sad, Marta. Anyway, not to worry,you can bond all you want when we get home.For now,he wants me to sit beside him."



I didn't miss the glint that crossed her eyes just before she smiled.



"It's fine." She leaned back, crossing her arms. "You can stay here fo now. Afterall, it's only temporary.I guess people were right when they said good things come to them that wait. You started off being his mate, but guess who's Grand Luna today?" She laughed and stood up.



"If I were you, I'd be more respectful to me considering the difference in our position. Trust me,you wouldn't want to mess with me right now, Lyric."



It was difficult pretending her words didn't sting so bad.


"Sad," I huffed. "That you see this position as a tool for power, not a responsibility to lead. The people deserve better."



Her smile was gone in an instant. Fortunately, Jaris returned before she could say anything else. So, she had to leave.








Jaris had been trying so hard to make things right between us. Trying to make me laugh and all. But it was really tasky as I was still hurt, no matter what.



Today's revelation only proved to me that my position in his life was only temporary, and maybe I'd gotten to a point where I thought I could be more.... He left for a meeting as soon as we reached Darkspire while I went ahead to get a teststrip.


Despite being so sure I wasn't pregnant, my hands still shook as I stood in the bathroom, waiting for the test lines.



Idle and out of curiosity, I imagined what would happen if I was actually pregnant for Jaris. That would be me having three kids for him. I laughed in my head about it.



Last night, when he mentioned Xylon and Xyla were all he had, I couldn't deny feeling a little hurt.I loved how he loved those kids, but it was sad he didn't know he had two more he could love like that.



So,imagine making it three. That was hilarious.



My mirth, however, vanished when the second line appeared on the strip. My brows tightened, thoughts racing in my mind yet none of them seemed factual.



Two red lines.



What did two red lines mean again?



I dropped the strip, reached for my phone and googled it.



Oh, of course I wasn't dumb. I perfectly knew what two red lines meant. But something about it was not making me believe it anymore. Because how the hell was I pregnant?!
###Chapter 188
LYRIC



I kept tapping my legs against the floor, my arms wrapped around myself as I sat on the edge of the bed.



I was shaking. Didn't even know if it was cold from the nausea or due to how shocked, worried and scared I was.



I glanced at the clock. It's been thirty minutes. What the hell was taking him so long?


I stood up, pacing the room with my nails digging into my hair from time to time. When I heard the door opening, I snappily turned like he was some sort of savior I'd been waiting on for ages.



"Are you alright?" He rushed forward.



I figured he must've been pretty worried considering how I called and demanded his presence at home immediately.



"No, I'm not." My tone was biting. "As a matter of fact,I'm losing my mind and-"


"Hey, calm down and talk to me. What's going on?" I closed my eyes and took in a very deep breath.



"Have you been sleeping with me before now?"



The question seemed to freeze the air. Asking it myself actually made me more scared.


"You know, I never thought I'd be saying this to you,but months before now, you and I...we used to have these sex dreams. It only happened in my dreams,you know, and I was sure that was all it was. But now..."laughed. "It might seem I'd been delusional. So please,tell me the truth. Have you been sleeping with me?"



His silence was killing. Why wasn't he saying anything?



"Did you leave those pills in my room?!" My voice climbed a step higher "Wh-Why aren't you saying anything?!"



My eyes widened in horror. The guilt and disappointment was becoming more evident on his face.



"Oh, gods." I took some steps back. "It was you." Fear gripped my throat so tight my next words were actually difficult to share. "Those pills...were they even real? I mean, did they only sedate me to make me think the sex were dreams? What have you been doing to me!?" He stopped toward me, holding out his hands. "Lyric, "No, don't touch me!" I yelled. "For two months, you deceived me! Had access to my body without even my knowledge and made me believe it was a dream!How could anyone be so evil?! How could you do this to me? Yet, you got pissed off by the things your brother did? You did worst! You've been raping me!"



"It wasn't like that!" It was his turn to yell.



I don't think I'd seen Jaris look so guilty before.


"Fuck, I'm sorry, Lyric. I didn't-"


"Sorry?" I laughed sarcastically. "You think sorry can fix this?"



"Fine. I admit-it was my biggest mistake. I should've done better-"



"But you just don't care about people, do you? You only care about getting what you want, no matter who gets hurt. Including sleeping with an unconscious woman."



"Will you stop cutting me off?!" His eyes were getting darker.



What the hell? "That's all you're concerned about right now? You just got me pregnant and you're only concerned about me raising my voice?!"



It wasn't until the words were out that I hated myself for not thinking. I held my breath as I turned away from him,digging my hands into my hair.


For a full minute, Jaris was dead silent. As was l,looking away from him.



"That's not possible," he finally said, his voice barely above a whisper and edged with disbelief. "You can't -You can't be. I mean, I used protection all the time."


I turned angrily at him. "Well, I guess if the sex had been consensual, I'd have noticed the times the condom broke or something. I didn't get myself pregnant!"



The memory came running to me-one morning when I'd woken up and found myself wetter than usual. I'd waved it off as something normal considering I'd been horny during the night. Now, it made sense.


Jaris shook his head, his eyes flying to my belly."You're pregnant?"



His face became blurry. Took me a moment to realize I was crying.


"Fuck, Lyric." He turned toward the door, his hand going to his forehead. Gods, I shouldn't have told him. How unfortunate that my mouth was faster than my brain.



I grabbed my bag and keys, wiping my tears as l headed to the door.



"Wait. Where are you going?" Jaris held my hand before I could open the door.



"Please,I can't deal with this right now."



"No,we need to talk."


"You know," I sniffled, forcing my hand free from his."I love kids and all, but I don't need this right now.I have a lot going on in my life that....that makes all of this an inconvenience. I mean, yours is just set out-you'll be King, the mother of your children by your side as Luna. And me?" I shrugged pathetically. "I am just stuck here, ready to leave when my time with you is up."



More tears came spilling down.


"You shouldn't have forced this on me, Jaris. Not now."



I sniffled and started toward the door. His hand reached for mine, grabbing me in an instant.



"Please,we need to talk."



"I can't." My voice broke even more. "Not now. I can't even think straight."


I tried to wipe my face, but more tears just came running down.



I was fucking pregnant! Had a life inside of me. How did this happen?!



"Please,let me go. Please."



He finally did. And I left without looking back.
###Chapter 189 
JARIS



If I could punch myself in the jaw right now and make it hurt, I would.


I hated myself more than anything right now, not because I got someone pregnant, but because Lyric was hurt. So fucking hurt because of me.


Damn it. I should've told her. I just knew it was wrong and didn't want to deal with the guilt. Plus, we were already cool, so I didn't think there would ever be a reason to open up about it.



For two days, I didn't get to see her. Though I knew where she was staying but didn't make any attempt to go near her as I knew she needed space. Even I didn't know how to face her.



But the coronation was the following day-as was my marriage with Marta-and there was no wvay I'd be able to proceed with it if Lyric and I were still in this mood.



So, I summoned her home. Sent some guards to get her and instructed them not to leave without her.



I knew she could be stubborn when she wanted to be. So, the guards were permitted to drag her here if the need arose.



They brought her to a private spot I'd booked for us by the beach.


It was night, making the atmosphere more calm and peaceful.



I needed us to talk but also needed some privacy for us.



She was wearing casual jeans and a black top with her hair flying over her shoulders. Her arms were crossed and daggers thrown at the guards behind her.


They might've forced her to come, but I was sure they didn't hurt her in any way. I made it clear they were not supposed to.


"Why am I here?" She snapped, crossing her arms over her chest.



I dragged my eyes from her face to her belly



Her belly. Where she had my child.


I still couldn't believe it. Lyric was pregnant for me.


I dismissed the guards.


"Please, take a seat." I pointed at the seat facing mine. "I'm fine on my feet. You know, I'd really appreciate it if you could hurry up."


"Sit down, Lyric." There was no room for further arguments in my voice.



She glared at me but eventually took the seat.



I took a calming breath. "The guards weren't rough with you,l hope?"



"What does it matter? They got me here when I didn't want to." I noticed she was trying so hard to avoid my gaze.



"I'm sorry.... you were forced to come here."



Goodness! Was this what it felt like being with someone you cared about? Your entire attitude changes that you barely recognize yourself?


Because why on earth have I been apologizing to Lyric since I met her?



I never apologized to anyone. It's just never been my thing. Yet, here I was, doing it effortlessly for this woman.



"| didn't mean to hurt you, you know?" | started."When I met you, I didn't even want this contract to take place between us. But then, things kept getting better between us, and before I knew it, I became obsessed with you."



I went ahead to tell her how it all started after | saw her naked that day in the room. Told her how she was the only woman that's ever made me finish in bed.Well,she was the second woman, actually, but it wasn't relevant in this case.



I shamelessly explained how I'd jerk to the image of her, until gradually it just wasn't enough anymore.


Told her how I wanted her, it started to hurt.


I didn't keep a single detail from her; didn't know if this would even create a difference. I just had to do something.



The last two days had been very difficult for me considering the fact that I had to be away from her.She didn't know it, but I'd stationed a guard outside her hotel to make sure she was safe.



Lyric had evaded my dark quiet world. Now, she was all I wanted.



"If I could turn back the hands of time, I would,just to correct my silly mistake. I can't-I can't have you being away from me, Lyric. It's killing."



She stared at me in surprise, like I'd said something ridiculous. What? Didn't she know how important she was to me?



"I need you home. Please." I added.



She uncrossed her arms, lowering her eyes to the floor. "Why? You have an important day ahead that should keep you busy enough not to worry about-"



"Stop it," I snapped. "I'm damn serious, Ly." I glanced at her belly. "I'm sorry I put you in a situation you didn't want now. But..." I took a deep breath. "You could-" I paused, holding her stare for some time.Why was it so difficult getting the words out?



"You could get rid of it if you want to Lyric."



Her eyes collided with mine, sparkling with surprise.



"I mean, I hate the fact that I'm imposing this on you.But if you chose to keep the baby," I expelled a long breath. "I promise you'll not be alone. I'll take full responsibility, make sure you two are well taken care of.And of course, I wouldn't want to be away from my child. So, nobody's asking you to leave in ten months or whatever month we have left."



****十



LYRIC



I couldn't believe Jaris was saying those words to me. I watched his lips move, my heart beating as fast as they did.



Jaris wanted me to stay. It sounded like a fairytale,and how it'd have meant the world to me if there was any possiblity for the both of us.



"Why are you crying, Lyric?" The guilty look was back on his face."Did I say something wrong?"


"No." I laughed. "No, please. Don't mind me. It's just-"My life is so fucked up. Despite your apology it's already ruined a lot for me by leaving me with this baby I can't even get rid of because of course, I could never harm my own child.



Now, I'd likely have to flee with three of his children when the time did come, which would be me endangering three innocent lives with my sick 'gift'.


If he even know what I was, I had no doubt he'd want me to get rid of this child himself.



And I should be mad at him. Despite his apologies and explanations which made a lot of sense,I still should be mad at him for what he did. And maybe | was;but it wasn't enough to actually want to stay away from him.



How innocent was I when I'd actually spent long minutes in the shower fingering myself to images of him? Jaris and I have always been fucked up for each other.Only difference was, he took his too far.
###Chapter 190 
LYRIC



My reflection was bleak, staring back at me in the mirror.



My makeup was quite simple with my hair styled into a bun and all. I looked a bit simple for someone who had been very excited for this day.



Maybe it had to do with the fact that someone else was being crowned Grand Luna-and worst of it all, it was my enemy whom I was sure would do everything in her power to make life difficult for me.



ODr it had to do with the fact that I was pregnant for a man who could never be mine.



My eyes dropped sadly to the table in front of me.This was not the way I'd envisioned this coronation to go.



A knock reached my door, dragging me out of my thoughts before Maddy pushed it open and scuttled in.



The sight of her was enough to take my mind off the raging thoughts in my head for a little bit.


"Seriously, Maddy. What're you wearing?" I rolled my  eyes.



"What?" She huffed, stopping in the middle of the room and staring down at her dress. "I don't see anything wrong with it."



Really? When she was wearing a thigh-length gown that was almost revealing her pants? If she bent carelessly, her pant and even her boobs would likely be seen.



"This is a coronation for Selene's sake! You couldn't find something more suitable to wear?"



"Please, spare me. Your mate should be grateful I'm even coming to this thing at all."



I was tempted to laugh. Funny coming from someone who, last night, couldn't stop talking about how fun it'd be to move to the Central Pack.



"I came to get you. Come on. We should getgoing,"She urged me.



Jaris and Marta had to leave earlier to get certain things done. Though, he did try to convince me to fly with them,but I turned him down, not wanting to look like the one pushing herself between the couple.



Since | returned to the Pack House two nights, he'd been trying to make it up to me. We hadn't told anyone about it yet. I was too scared of all the reactions it'd get and wasn't ready to face them.



Maddy and I flew to Darkspire, together with her mother and the kids. When we arrived the Silver Citadel, I spotted Jace and Kael talking. Kael was saying something while Jaris fixed his collars for him.It brought a small smile to my face. At least someone was lucky in love.



I heard Maddy huffing and cursing beside me. I looked at her, followed her line of sight and laughed when l saw who she was being pissed at. Who else other than Nerion.



"Have you tried talking to him?" I asked her as we left the car. "To know why he neglected you like you claimed.I mean, if you two were that cool, I don't think he should've just abandoned you like you meant nothing. Something must've prompted him."



"Nah. I'mm not interested." She scrunched her nose."The only reason he neglected me was because he chose Jaris over me. He didn't want to go against his dear friend and boss by standing up against my unjust detention."



"That is just what you think, Maddy. His reason could be different." "Then, he should've tried talking to me about it. I mean, what exactly did I look like to him? Someone who cannot comprehend?"



She walked ahead of me, an indication that she wanted the topic to end.



I felt bad for her. She truly loved him and had to endure everyday pretending she didn't.



But she was also right. If Nerion had his own reasons for neglecting her, he should have owned up and told her about it.







We were taken to the VIP section of the hall. The whole time, I couldn't take my eyes off Jaris who was seen discussing with the Elders on stage. Marta was seated behind him, busy with her phone,looking really stunning in her long floral dress.



How lucky she was. Despite being ill-mannered and all, she still got to be the one to spend the rest of her life with Jaris, with their beautiful kids.



When Jaris finished with the Elders and returned to his seat, I noticed his eyes moving around the place, like he was looking for someone.



Me? His eyes locked with mine and they stopped moving.My heart soared in my chest, knowing I was who he'd been looking for.



He gave me an acknowledging nod while I offered a small smile. My soon to be King. My perfect man who I could never be with.




...


The event finally kicked off.



Some activities were done on stage to entertain people. The crowd laughed, danced and had a lot of fun. But I kept thinking of the fact that I was craving chips so badly.



Time for the coronation reached. My cravings for chips vanished as a weighty emotion lodged in my throat



I watched painfully as Jaris and Marta walked to the center of the stage,holding hands. They looked good together. I should be happy for them.


The Chairman, Elders and every other Alpha surrounded them. Questions were asked, rites were performed. The whole process took close to an hour,yet nobody seemed bored.



At long last, Jaris was crowned Grand King-King to every other Alpha.


The hall went silent for a full minute as the crown was bestowed on Jaris. Following the law, everyone went on their knees and bowed their heads for a full minute,nobody even muttering a word.



"All hail the new King! King Jaris!" Chairman Lyon announced, our cue to rise to our feet.



"Long live King Jaris!"



A certain kind of joy bloomed in my chest.



King Jaris. Jaris was finally King!


Gods, I lived to see the day!



As soon as we rose to our feet, the ovation kicked off.The party drums rolled, sparking a chorus of claps,cheers,and jubilant yells.


"Go, daddy!" Xyla screamed happily beside me,jumping on her feet with her brother.


I laughed heartily at the sight. Oh, how fulfilling it must be for them to witness this.



The celebration was allowed for five minutes before it was cut off so the marriage rites could be done and the Grand Luna crowned. The marriage rites was very brief, just straight to the point and all.


A different process took place for Marta. She couldn't hide the excitement in her eyes, and from time to time,she kept stealing glances at her family who were on the other side of the VIP center.


They would no doubt, be proud of her.



But I wasn't sure Luna Isolde was in support of this.She'd been keeping a straight face even before we left the Pack. I wasn't surprised because I knew she didn't like Marta, and I was sure it must've caused a lot of argument between Jaris and her.



I still couldn't understand why she didn't like Marta The woman gave her two kids. Plus, Luna Isolde was just as rude and vile as Marta-no offense. So I didn't understand why she'd dislike another person for being what she was.



Marta was crowned Grand Luna, and just like it was with Jaris, everyone celebrated her.



Xylon and Xyla jumped around, giggling. The atmosphere was filled with happiness. And at some point, despite the ache in my heart, I couldn't resist a smile.



"I still think she's a wrong choice, though," Maddy said beside me.



The celebrations came to an abrupt end. This time, it wasn't the Chairman or any of the Elders that stopped but the arrival of a group of people that made my heart stop working in MY chest.



I'd recognize them anywhere. Their stern looks,tattoos, and this aura around them that screamed danger.



The Executioners were back.



Why were they back?!
###Chapter 191
 LYRIC



The people mumbled as they made their way in,heading toward the stage. I was sure they didn't even know who the Executioners were, yet something about their presence was so strong that it gripped everyone's attention.



While the others made their way to the stage to meet with Jaris, two of them came to me after spotting me in the VIP section.


How was I still breathing? The fear that gripped me in this moment was bigger than anything I'd experienced in a whole. What if they knew my secret already?!


"Why are they coming to you?" Maddy asked.



I watched the others on stage converse with Jaris.They looked at me and one of them tipped his head at one of them before me.



"We'd like you to come with us, ma'am. Please." He told me.



"Why? What's going on?" Maddy demanded.


But they didn't give her an answer, neither could I say a word.



Gulping hard, I went after them.


I was taken to an office where Jaris and the others were already waiting. Jaris was in an argument with them.



"This is unacceptable! You have no right to barge in here and interrupt an important function all because you have questions for my mate. I could throw you out this minute if I wanted."



Shivers slithered down my spine when I heard the thing about questions. What questions did they have for me again?!


"We're deeply sorry, King Jaris. But this needed to be treated as urgent. We wouldn't have done this if there was any other option," the grumpy man from the previous day who seemed like their leader said.



The whole thing seemed like a movie before me. By the hunts, I wished this was all a dream and I was imagining things.



I heard multiple footsteps behind me as Luna Isolde and Maddy joined us. Even Marta was already here before | arrived.


The room was quite full now with the Elders and Chairman. This wasn't the place to deal with the Executioners.



Their leader-Cole-turned to me. He might have the looks of a model, but he'll always look frightening to me.



"I hope you don't mind, Luna Lyric, but we have some important questions for you," he addressed me.



Words got stuck in my throat. My eyes dropped to the floor as I struggled to take a calming breath. I didn't know why, but I had a very bad feeling about this.


"Luna Lyric?" He called again.



"What questions?" My voice was surprisingly calm when I spoke.


"It has to do with the death of our colleague at the party."



The hall was dead silent, everyone's attention now on me.



"We've interrogated everyone that was there at the party. Most of them didn't see Lucy; others who spotted her as one of the guests didn't communicate with her. It turned out you were the only one that had spoken to her before her death. This brings us to the understanding that you might know more than you'd told us." A flurry of running footsteps announced Jace's imminent arrival in the room. Jaris was already speaking.


"What is this about, Cole? Are you accusing her of withholding information?"



It was getting harder to breathe by the second. Jace's eyes found mine, giving me a questioning look.I figured he must've seen the truth in my eyes because his expression turned sour.



"That is precisely what I'm saying, King Jaris," Cole said respectfully before turning to me again. "I didn't want to mention this word before, but now, we'd have to be more specific with the questions. Did my colleague mention the word 'Siphon' to you?"


My world came crumbling apart, fear eating me up piece by piece.


This was it. This was how I was going to die-in a disgraceful way.



"Seriously, I think you all need to chill out." Jace stepped forward. "If you have a killer on the run, you should go out there and look for them rather than traumatizing the innocent ones here!" His voice echoed with a raw edge, the kind that only came from barely restrained rage. One of the female Executioners turned to him. She reminded me a lot of the dead one. "You're always being defensive." she said calmly, her voice as smooth and cold as steel. "We did our research and got to know you two are friends. So, I guess both of you must share a lot of secrets. And judging from how you're always sensitive on this matter, I think it is safe to assume you're both hiding something."



Jace's nostrils flared as his lips curled into a grimace.He looked ready to swing, fingers twitching as he fought the impulse. "We have nothing to fucking hide!We just hate the fact that she gets disturbed all the time!"



"Answer the question." It was Cole, speaking to me again. "Did my colleague mention that word to you?"



My stomach twisted. I bit the inside of my cheek to keep myself calm, tasting blood and fear. My hands,cold and clammy, curled tightly into fists. "She did."



He held my gaze. "Did she suspect that you were one?"


I chuckled as I stepped back. "I'm not doing this with you guys. I'm not going to let myself be treated like a suspect. Go out there and find your killer. Leave me the hell alone!"



If I was thinking straight, I'd realize that only a guilty person would overreact this way. It shouldn't be difficult to answer their question if I had nothing to hide.



"We really need your cooperation here, ma'am."



"Why don't you just answer the damn question, girl?"Luna Isolde chimed in. "This is a serious topic. If you're being questioned, you should provide them with answers."



A knot formed in my stomach. Gods, no. I couldn't have my people turning on me.



"Did she suspect you were a Siphon?" Cole repeated the question,his tone harsher.


I felt a sob forming low in my throat as I looked into his eyes.



"No."



One word said in a firm tone. Yet, one that was enough to ruin my life.


A haunting light shimmered across Cole's eyes. It wvas the kind of look psychopaths usually have when they've seen a new prey. A new victim.



I didn't thik it was possible for a strong-faced man like Cole to smile, but his lips did crack the hint of one.



"You're lying," he told me.
###Chapter 192
LYRIC



The hall went completely still from the shock. My throat ran dry, beads of sweat forming on my forehead. I had to fist my hands to stop them from shaking uncontrollably.



"Why don't we make the question a little more specific?" Cole said as he stepped forward. "Did you kill Lucy? Are you a Siphon,Lyric?"



"Enough of this madness!" Jace growled. He attempted to step forward, but the female Executioner that had confronted him before got in his way. With a rough shove, she pushed him back,causing him to hit the wall.


"Hey! That's enough!" It was Kael. "You don't fucking touch him!"



"Then, tell your boyfriend to stop meddling in our business," The female Executioner said with lethal calmness, not looking ruffled one bit.



Angry Jace tried to go for her-which was really stupid because these guys were pretty strong-but fortunately, Kael was fast enough to hold him back. Things were getting messy. The attention on me had doubled.



"Lyric." This time, it was Jaris.



My Jaris.


I felt my heart crumble as I looked at him.The look on his face was questioning,his eyes cold.



Will he defend me? Get these people to leave me alone? Or will he-



"Answer the question."



My heart stopped beating. Fear like none other taking over me.



He didn't trust me. Jaris didn't trust me.



Everyone would've doubted me and I'd have still been standing strong. But Jaris doubting me as well? It was all I needed to know my fate today was doomed.


The hall went cold silent. It was crushing to know they all looked at me like I was a traitor.



"We don't have all day, ma'am." Cole said.


But I ignored him, lowering my eyes to the floor.I couldn't do this. One more wrong answer and everyone in this room would know I was a Siphon. My fate would be sealed.


It felt like an eternity before I looked up at Cole again.


"I can't." My tone wavered.


His eyes darkened.


Slowly,noise rose from the crowd.


"She's guilty, then!" Luna Isolde gasped. "If she won't answer their question..."


"Luna Lyric, what're you hiding? Why won't you answer them?" It was one of the Elders.



The voices kept rising, and I kept my eyes glued on the floor, too broken to look any of them in the face.


Who would've thought that the very day I'd planned so long for could turn out to be like this?



"Enough!"



The one voice that was enough to quiet every other.My nails dug into my palms from how hard I fisted them as I struggled to keep my tears back.



I felt like a convicted criminal about to be executed in public.



"Lyric." Jaris' voice was cold as he called my name. It made my heart momentarily halt, but I still couldn't bring myself to meet his gaze.



"Lyric!" He called again, more sterner.



I finally looked at him.



"With me."



He started toward the door, giving me the silent instruction to follow.



"King Jaris, do we need to come along?" Cole asked,but Jaris didn't even spare him a glance, and he knew better than to follow him without his permission.



It was hard to breathe but I forced my feet forward,going after Jaris, not knowing what my fate was about to become.



I followed Jaris into what looked like a store room,feeling guilty that I was ruining what was meant to be the happiest day of his life.


Gone was the cheerful Jaris who was ready to smile at my jokes. This one looked stern and discontented; like a King who had serious matters to attend to.


He walked to the end of the room, facing the wall as he had one hand in his pocket. I'd give anything to know what was running through his mind. "I need to know the truth, Lyric." He turned to me after a minute. "In here, it's just the both of us. So,I don't want you to stuttering or lying to me about anything."



I lowered my head, soon feeling the cold tears hitting my cheeks.



"Did you have anything to do with the death of that Executioner?" HHis question hit me hard, feeling more painful than when the Executioners had thrown it at me.



"That day, you'd gone missing from the party around the same time she was killed in the restroom. When you walked in on us and found her dead, you looked more ill than shocked. And when I checked on you in your room, you looked... pale." He huffed,like he was just discovering a truth he had been so blind to see.



"Had you been trying to flee when Caden caught you that night? Did I ignore the signs when they were right in front of me?"


I sobbed even harder,my head still lowered.



"Damn it, I need answers, Lyric! Are the Executioners telling the truth?! Are you a Siphon?"


The rage in his voice made me recoil a little. I lifted my eyes to meet his and the look in them was terrifying. He didn't just look confused, he looked hurt.Betrayed. It killed me to know I was responsible for that.



"I'm so sorry," I whimpered, slowly beginning to accept the fact that I was doomed.


I could ignore the Executioners, but | couldn't ignore or lie to Jaris. I didn't want to risk him going fully mad and unleashing hell on me.


"What're you sorry for, Lyric?" His eyebrows were tight, as if a sliver of him still hoped this was just a deception.



"You can take me to them," I put some of my hair backward with shaky fingers. "I-I won't blame you.know I'm not supposed to exist. I shouldn't be here, in your life. I'm so sorry." I was hardly making sense, my emotions bursting forth in chaotic phrases.
###Chapter 193
JARIS



For three months, I'd been blinded by the truth.



And even now, it was staring at me right in the face,yet I was too hopeful to believe it.



Why was she stuttering? Why was she crying so hard?Talking about not existing and all?



Only guilty people act this way. And I'd be doomed if Lyric was guilty-even though I brought her in here 'cause I suspected it.


Minutes rolled by. Staring at me, she could think I was being cold and not affected by any of this. She didn't know the inner demons I was fighting; how hard I was trying to pull myself together because I didn't want to believe she was truly guilty.



"What're you sorry for?" | asked again.



Her cries only grew worse.



"| didn't ask to be born this way, Jaris!" Looking into my eyes,I could see the hurt and fear in them. It was killing. "I didn't even know what I was until a few months ago. And when I did, I tried to run. I-I didn't want to endanger you or any of the people around.But you caught me,remember? You were so mad and had me locked up in the room. I didn't know what to do."



Porcelain splintered in the depths of my heart.


That day, I'd been curious to know why she attempted to leave. Even if she had been left with no choice but to follow the contract, I knew she wouldn't have wanted to flee so easily.


"Plus Xylon's health grew worse, and I knew I couldn't just leave him like that. This was the reason I stayed,even though I didn't want to."


Her eyes dropped to the floor as she explained in a shaky voice.



"I w-won't even lie, I attempted to flee so many times.But every time, there was something holding me back.I didn't want to be here! I didn't ask for it!"



A peculiar pain yanked at my heart. Why did I feel betrayed at the thought that she had tried to flee me so many times? If she had managed to get away,none of these moments would've existed between both of us-the moments that have summed up to make the best parts of my life.


"The Executioner..." Her tone became increasingly fearful talking about this. "She approached me at the mall. I tried to dismiss her, but then she followed me to the party. She figured out who I was. I promise-"she broke down some more. "-I promise I didn't want to kill her. I just thought I could siphon her memories away. But it went wrong and she ended up dead instead. I was so-l was so scared, I tried to run again.But Caden caught me and I couldn't." She pulled at the roots of her hair.



"I'm so sorry, Jaris. I'm so so sorry. I didn't even ask for any of this. Didn't want it to happen. I just-" she laughed with tears in her eyes. "I wish I could get rid of this stupid Siphon stuff. I don't even want it."


I shook my head as I backed away from her,the truth hitting real hard. I faced the window, my heart, for the first time in ages,running too fast.


Why did I bring her here to confess to me? It was seeming like the biggest mistake of my life because right now, I didn't know what to do with her,myself or this truth.



She kept sobbing behind me while I kept quiet for some minutes, processing everything in my head.From time to time, she chipped in how sorry she was for keeping the truth from me.



"Have you ever..." I turned around to face her."Siphoned me?" A chuckle escaped her as she lowered her head.I realized it was pointless to ask in the first place.



Of course, she had. It explained how she had been so good with Xylon. How her touch always seemed to have a different effect on me.



"I was only trying to help," she whispered. "I didn't hurt any of you."


I laughed. She stared at me in surprise as I combed my fingers through my hair and laughed like I was in a comedy show.



"It's you!" I pointed my palms toward her. "From six years ago? The girl at the hotel?" My face grew serious as I walked toward her. "You're the scarred lady."



Judging from the guilt that clouded her face, it made me understand that she knew. All these months while we were together, she knew I was the man from the hotel. The one she had abandoned that morning.Yet,she said nothing.



How had she been able to play me into thinking she actually cared if she said nothing this whole time?



"You kept that a secret too?" | asked with increased heartache "Didn't think it was important enough to tell me?" I backed away from her, dragging my eyes from her head to toe.



By the hunts, she had been right in front of me this whole time and I had no idea. How did I not see it?



The scarred lady.


My 'Princess'.


The one I'd spent five years searching for.


Perhaps,that would explain why I felt this connection when I saw her for the first time in six years. She'd always been the same person.



"It's-It's not what you think," she shook her head,sniffling. "You didn't remember me.You were grumpy and didn't even like me. I didn't think there was any need to bring it up."


Was she for real? How was I supposed to remember her when she was way different?



A different thought clicked in my head, infusing rage into my bones. "You helped Caden escape!" | hissed,going closer to her. "You were the same Siphon!"


"N-No! I swear I didn't."



She broke into more tears as she narrated how it happened. Apparently, she had no idea she was a Siphon yet and didn't even know who Caden was.



| was so mad at her, but I figured it made sense as l knew Caden wouldn't have just her if he knew she was the one that saved him.



Yet,everything was just fucked up.



Someone knocked on the door, then turned the knob.But it was locked.



"Jaris!" I recognized my mother's voice. "What's going on there? They're waiting for you."



Lyric tried to stifle her whimpers. She was visibly shaking from head to toe.



I didn't say a word until I heard my mother's retreating footsteps.



Back to Lyric, I didn't know what to do with her.



"Why did you leave?" Disappointment laced my words."We had an agreement. We were supposed to spend an extra day together. But you just vanished,and even after seeing me again, you didn't bother to reveal who you were." A dark numbing pain wrapped itself around my heart. "Did you really want nothing to do with me?"



Her brows furrowed in confusion. "I-I don'tunderstand."She scoffed."You abandoned me. I mean, I woke up and you were gone. Y-You asked that man to get me to leave, telling her you didn't want to see me around when you did get back."



I shook my head. "What man?"



"The hotel attendant?"



My face went blank. Something was definitely wrong here.



I opened my mouth to say something but was interrupted when they knocked on the door again.


Damn it!


"King Jaris!" This time it was Elder Lucas. "The Executioners are getting impatient, and to be honest,so are we. Are you done with the Luna?"



Lyric's fear appeared to intensify at the thought of what could happen to her. She knew she was in trouble, and honestly, I didn't know a way out of this.


"I'm scared," she admitted another truth tonight, her voice small and shaken. "They're going to kill me. And...And while I was initially ready for it, I don't think I am anymore. I don't want to die."


Her hand went to her belly. I didn't think she was aware that she was clutching it. "My baby doesn't deserve to go through any of this." Gone was the rage in my heart. It was quickly replaced with the harsh reality that not just Lyric's life was in danger, but my child's as well.



Something shifted inside my heart.


The knock came again, more desperate than the first.I was King.


I started toward the door.


"Jaris!" She squeaked, taking a step toward me before she stopped herself. "Please, don't let them in."


I paused by the door, giving her a long stare. "I won't."


I took out the key from the keyhole, opened the door and locked the door when I was on the other side.



Nobody was getting into that room without me.And neither was Lyric getting the chance to leave.
###Chapter 194 
JARIS



The faces of the Executioners were taut as I rejoined them in the room.Well, my own face didn't look any different.



I didn't miss the way Cole's eyes narrowed when he didn't see Lyric behind me.



"If you don't mind me asking, My King, where is Lyric?"


"She won't be joining us," I said, matter-of-factly as l reached my spot.



Cole wasn't the only one who looked shocked and uncomfortable.



"I don't understand. Why won't she? You know this is a serious issue, Your Highness! We can't just sweep it under the rug like it's nothing!"



"Please, she needs to be here," another Executioner said, though I could see how much he was dying to get rid of the 'please'.


"It is," I shrugged. "But I don't feel like discussing it on a night like this. Not anymore." I started to retreat."There are people out there waiting to celebrate with me. This meeting is over."



I feIt their eyes on me as I walked out the door.







Though I'd used the celebration as an excuse to keep them away from Lyric, I couldn't enjoy even a little bit of it.



Over and over, my mind kept going back to the lady in the room who was alone and worried sick. I might've stalled the Executioners for tonight, but I knew l couldn't go on with this for long. By dawn, the celebrations would be over and reality will have to kick in. And honestly, I didn't know what to do with Lyric.



Long before the party ended, I grew tired and retired to the room. I'd been lucky enough to avoid my mother and some of the Elders who had been trying to hold a private conversation with me.



I unlocked the door to a startled Lyric. She literally jumped on her feet and only relaxed when she realized it was me coming.



I felt so bad for her. It was even worse that I didn't know what to do with her.



Princess. Who would've thought that the smart-mouthed Lyric Harper was the same girl? She'd really grown in confidence and all, and I loved her for it.


"Are-Are they gone?" She asked with her eyes going behind me, even though I'd shut the door.



"Yeah. For tonight."



She sat on the bed, holding her head in her hands. She looked so stressed.



"Come on. You need to rest." I went closer to take her hand, but she was on her feet before I could reach her.


"I-I need to get out of here," she was frantic with worry."I could go far away, make sure they never see me-"



"You want to be on the run?" | cut in with a scoff."With my child?"



Funny how when I thought of how bad the situation was, helping Lyric 'escape' as a solution never crossed my mind.


"Well, what am I supposed to do?! I could be dead tomorrow with this said child!"



She sat on the arm of the chair, digging her fingers into her hair.



"| have to get out of here. I have to save myself." The last word broke into a whimper.


I held my ground for several moments, taking in the heartbreaking scene of her collapse.



For the first time since I discovered the shocking news today,the reality hit me.



Lyric was a Siphon-something that was greatly forbidden.



Her kind was never supposed to exist.



As the new King, it was my responsibility to protect the people from someone like her-like it's been going on for ages. I was expected to hand her over to the Executioners so they could carry out their judgement -which would be death.



But this was Lyric Harper.



My mate.



The one woman that had brought out a different part of me. The only one to make me feel things I never thought were possible.



Lyric, the one who was there when she should've fled.The one who gave herself up to keep my kids safe.


She was the woman I love. Yes.


I fucking loved her and would die before I let something happen to her.


So,how could I possibly hurt her when she meant the world to me?



But then, what was I supposed to say to the people?How was I meant to handle the Executioners?


"I need to leave," she got on her feet again, wiping tears from her eyes. She was so restless.


"I could go at midnight.I'll-"


"You're not leaving, Lyric."


"Why?! Because I'm carrying your child? My life is at stake here, you know?"



My face wrinkled from her statement. "It's not about the child!" I yelled at her. "If you run, you'll be declared wanted. How far do you really think you can go when every wolf on the planet is looking for you?"



That seemed to make her go shut.


"Running isn't the solution. You have to stay back and fight this."


"Fight?" She scoffed, furrowing her brows. "How am I  supposed to fight this? I'm already a major suspect There's no stopping the Executioners."



I grew uncomfortable the more she talked. She'd been stressing herself lately and I was afraid it wasn't needed for her condition.



I went closer, taking her hand.



"Come on."



She dragged her legs to a stop when she noticed we were heading toward the door.



"I can't go outside!"



"Trust me, Lyric. No one is hurting you tonight." She hadn't even been found guilty yet.


I didn't give her the chance to protest as | fully pulled her out of the room with me.
###Chapter 195
JARIS



We took the stairs, and in no time, we reached a big bedroom.



I felt her stall as she admired the place. Turning her around, I helped unzip her dress.


"Whose room is this?" She asked, running her eyes around.



I was pleased she didn't ask about the fact that I was taking her clothes off.



"Just a random guest room."



I helped her step out the dress. She was left in just her bra top and under shorts. At least, she should feel more free.



"You need to rest," I told her as I pulled her with me to the bed.



She hesitated a little. I knew she wanted to argue.Wanted to remind me that we had more things to worry about and that she wanted to get out of here.But she must damn tired 'cause she finally gave in and laid on the bed. I sat with my back against the headboard then placed her head on my thighs. She closed her eyes, taking a deep relaxing breath.



I revelled in the sight of her face. Her beautiful flawless face.



My eyes drew to her belly where one of her hands rested. I noticed she was mostly having a hand on it.



I started massaging her scalp. The soft relieving breath she released was enough to make me want to do more.



"Do you know why the Siphons became hated and banished?" I asked a while later, still massaging her scalp.



She mumbled something that meant no.



"Centuries ago, there were a lot of them. The people adored them back then as they were seen as saviors.The only healers that could help people in minutes.Things were going pretty fine, until the Siphons began to realize how powerful they were. The power suddenly intoxicated them, making them feel invincible.



"It got to a point they began to argue that leadership should be handed to them. They started Siphoning people to get what they want. They'd siphon people's memories, their emotions. They'd even end up killing some of them. They became a terror to the very people they'd once been so sweet to.



"The King tried to make peace. And guess what they did?" I paused for effect. Lyric's eyes had long gone open, gleaming with curiosity.



"They pretended they'd agreed to the peace. They apologized to the King and everyone and offered a handshake. And that was when it happened. They killed him."



Her lips parted in shock.



"Drained him of his oxygen. It happened so fast no one could save him. Right in front of his people,the Siphons were bold enough to kill him."



"How could they do such a thing?!" Lyric frowned.



I shrugged, recounting the story my father had told me. "A group of Siphons are dangerously undefeatable. That was the first mistake the people made that they didn't realize.



"The Siphons were determined to take over leadership.With the current King gone, they started assuming the position. But the people hated them. So, they had to act fast.



certain group of people-brave warriors-came together and cooked up a plan to get rid of them That's... It's actually a long story for another day. But in a nutshell, they were able to defeat the Siphons and killed all of them-or so they thought. Unfortunately,the Siphons were special beings. Committing mass murder in that manner was something that should never happened. So, there were consequences, and the warriors bore the brunt of it. They began to develop a certain craving for blood. They started having this insane urge to feed on others, just to satisfy the new beast that was created in them."



Lyric sat up quickly, her eyes shinning with understanding.



"The Feeders," she muttered. "That is how they came about."



I nodded. My brother and I are worst because our forefather bore more of the curse. He was a bestfriend to the king and was more furious at his passing. He was the one who came up with the plan that wiped the Siphons off. It was also him who did most of the killing. Believe me, the rest of the warriors barely assisted him. That mission had majorly belonged to Vorlantis.



"He bathed in their blood that night; spared no one-not even their infants. He hated them with a passion and wanted every single one of them wiped off the surface of the earth. He became a Hexed wolf." "Oh, no," Lyric gasped, her hand rising to her lips.


"The curse ran in the family for generations and unfortunately became amplified when it got to mine.I don't even know who's worst between Caden and l."



Her eyes looked so sad as they stared into space, no doubt recounting the story.



"You shouldn't blame the people for hating your kind,Lyric," I calmly said, stroking her hair. "They're known to be easily intoxicated by their power. A lot of them had seemed friendly in the past, but when the sudden change began, everyone was shocked.



"Your kind can do things to people that nobody else can. They can strip people of their senses, emotions,identity... name it. To be honest," I took a deep breath,bringing her head to lie back on my thigh. "I also hated the Siphons and liked the fact that they were in extinction."



"Because we're the reason you became Hexed," she confirmed, despair seeping through her words.


I kept stroking her hair, wondering how fate could be so cruel to make me cross paths with something I'd always hated. Of all the women in the world, why did this special one have to be Lyric?



I called her special because now, I didn't know how to lose her.



"I'm so sorry," she said wearily. "I understand that I'm cursed. But I wish... I wish there was a way I could get rid of my powers and just be me."



I laughed. "Fate can be a bitch sometimes,huh?"



There was a brief silence between us.



"What do we do?" There was a small tremor in her voice. "Everyone hates me. Tomorrow... tomorrow the Executioners would be-"



"We'll handle them," I interjected calmly, back to massaging her scalp. "No one is hurting you, Lyric. You have my word."



And I meant it.


I didn't even know how on earth I'd achieve that,but the Moon bear me witness that I'd have to be dead before anything happened to Lyric and my child.
###Chapter 196
LYRIC



I slept off in Jaris' arms. But even in my sleep,I still didn't find peace.



I was alone and sad in my dream, with the whole world being against me. It made me so afraid when I woke up to someone knocking on my door.



I looked around to an empty bed. Jaris must've left when I fell asleep. Afterall, this night was supposed to be busy for him.



The knock came again. I left the bed but was too scared to go closer to know who was knocking.



"I know you're in there, Lyric. Open this door. We need to talk."



It was Luna Isolde.



Convincing myself that she couldn't harm me, l decided to listen to her. Jaris must've locked the door from outside, but I found an extra key on the table and unlocked the door with it.



I found myself staring straight at the furious Luna who looked like she was ready to slaughter me. Why did it take you so long to open the door?" She growled at me.



"I-I was sleeping."



She glared at me from head to toe.



"I'm sorry, Luna," I added.



"What happened with you and Jaris? What did you tell him in private?"


I kept my eyes down and said nothing.I had a nagging headache that wouldn't go away and wish I didn't have to go through this now.



"I'm talking to you, Lyric!"



"I'm sorry, it's private. But...he said he'd address the issue soon."



"Private, huh?" She scoffed. "You know, I've always had a bad feeling about you. And I do hope you realize that I'm not going to take it lightly with you if you get in the way of my son's throne."



She stepped closer to me. "I am his mother.And the responsibility of a mother is to eliminate any danger in her child's way. If you were a mother, I'm sure you'd have understood better."



I stared up at her and wondered what she'd do if she knew | was pregnant with her grandchild.


"So, take this as a warning, Lyric. You better not be an obstacle in my son's way. This whole arrangement was contractual, and in a few months, you're expected to be out. But I wouldn't mind to kick you out before then if you try to ruin things for us."



I closed my eyes to take a deep breath before talking to her. "With all due respect, Luna Isolde, I never want to ruin things for Jaris. I want the best for him, and you may not know it, but I've played a major role in getting him to his current position."



"Like hell you have," she scoffed. "I hope I don't get to speak on this matter again."



To my relief,she left.



****十



The original plan had been to move in from Darkspire to the Silver Citadel. But with everything happening now, I didn't know how that would go.



I didn't tell Jaris about his mother's confrontation when he returned later at night.



I was too scared to even step out of the room and see people.



The morning was still very young and Jaris was making numerous phone calls while I stood by the window.


The place looked scantier as all the guests from last night had dispersed.



However, I became surprised when I noticed numerous cars driving in endlessly. When the occupants came out of the backseat, it turned out to be different Alphas. Why were so many Alphas here today?



Is there something happening today?" | directed at Jaris.



He didn't say anything about holding a meeting with all the Alphas as we were supposed to be moving in.



"No. Why?" He was on a call but pulled the phone away slightly to ask.


"Well, they're here. A lot on them."


He joined me at the window to confirm what I was saying.



Just as he did, someone knocked on the door.



****十



JARIS



I followed the guard that had come to get me from the room. I already had a good guess on why the Alphas were here. It was making me run mad, but I had to force myself to remain calm.


I walked into the hall where all the Alphas, the Chairman,the Elders, and of course, the Executioners were seated.



They rose and bowed their heads the moment l walked in.



"Your Highness."



I used to think I'd always love that title. Butright now,it filled me with nothing but disgust.


"Why's every one of you gathered here?" | demanded coldly.



It was Cole that answered. "We have a pressing issue on ground, Your Highness. We hope you don't mind.Yesterday,you said you couldn't deal with the issue of the Siphon because it was your coronation party which we very much understood. It's a new day today, and we were hoping-"



"So, you summoned all my Alphas for a meeting without my permission and knowledge?" I cut him off.


"Not at all. We simply relayed to them that there might be a Siphon in our midst. And out of curiosity and concern for their Packs, they came running." His smart response only made me want to rip his heart out.Unfortunately, I was King now. There were certain things I couldn't do anymore as I needed to live by example.



"Alpha Jaris," Chairman Lyon started calmly. "I have known Lyric longer than you have. She grew up being my son's best friend, and believe me, I more than anyone else knows how sweet and kind hearted she is.It's also hard to think she's a danger to us. But this is a very serious issue, you know? We need her here for questioning."



He glanced around before saying his next words. "You more than anyone in this room should understand how dangerous Siphons are. Your forefather experienced their wickedness first hand, and till date, your family still bears the consequences. So,please, we need Lyric here for questioning."



****+****+



LYRIC



I felt all eyes on me as I walked into the hall. I felt like the weak one amongst them; a woman walking into the midst of very dangerous men.



I couldn't help feeling like a prey entering into a trap.I wouldn't have been able to do this if Jaris wasn't here, keeping his eyes on me like everyone else. While the other Alphas and Elders looked at me with caution,the Executioners had a different look entirely.They stared at me as though I was a plaque who they couldn't wait to get rid of. The hate in their eyes was unmistakable.



I stood beside Jaris, just as he'd requested me to in the room.



Chairman Lyon did the talking. After the customary greetings and all, he pleaded with me to be honest with the Executioners, then he handed me over to them.



"I was asking a question last night before you were taken away," Cole began. "Did you-"



"I am a Siphon," I cut him off, reflecting the fierce rip of my heart from its place.
###Chapter 197
LYRIC



My hands itched to clutch the sides of my dress, but|forced them not to, following Jaris:l' instructions. He told me not to do anything that would make me look nervous.



The hall went dead silent, followed by their shocked expressions, then slow gasps and murmurs.I watched as they all exchanged glances at each other on the table,except for the Executioners who had their eyes solely on me.



"You're a Siphon," Cole nodded, confirming the truth in my eyes. "And you killed Lucy."


I swallowed nervously on that fact. "It was an accident.Never wanted to."



"You fucking killed Lucy and dared to call it an accident?" One of the females growled, her teeth grinding together. "Lucy was an amazing person. She didn't deserve to die like that!" She was the Executioner that reminded me of Lucy, and it was the first time any of them was displaying an emotion other than the cold mask they're known for carrying.She and Lucy must've had some sort of relationship. "But I guess that is the thing with Siphons," another said, malice in her voice. "They always kill people and blame it on the innocent word, 'mistake'."



I lowered my eyes to the floor. It was getting harder by the second to keep my nervousness away.



Was this the right idea? Was I right for listening to Jaris when he told me to stay back and confess to being a Siphon? It looked like everyone was against me. How am I getting out of this?



"King Jaris, have you known about this?" Elder Lucas asked,disappointment hanging from his words.


"Only yesterday." Jaris' tone was cold.


"And...you didn't say anything?" Another Alpha asked.


"Instead, you dissolved the meeting and let a Siphon sleep in this same building with us?"



Jaris scoffed. "Forgive me, what was I supposed to do?Gag her, chain her and drag her out to be slaughtered?You expect me to throw away all the memories we have for a truth I just recently discovered? If you can do that to your mates, then I'm afraid they've all been living with monsters but had no idea. Maybe I should send a letter to them, warning them to be careful."



"Your Highness,you know it's not that-" "You say I let her sleep in this same building like she hasn't been staying with me for months! Lyric has never been a threat to me or any member of my Pack!She didn't even know she was a Siphon until a few months ago. She didn't ask to be one!"



"A malformed fetus never asks to be conceived, King Jaris. Yet, their parents have to get rid of them because they know they're a mistake," Cole countered calmly.


Jaris was starting to lose his composure.I could see it in the way his muscles were flexing into a harder grip.The last thing I wanted was watching him snap in front of his subjects. So, I reached for his hand to remind him I was here.


The others couldn't see us as there was a big table in front of us.



"Lyric," Chairman Lyon called. "How did this happen to you, child? You should've.... You should've told someone about it."



"It is quite unfortunate she's been found guilty," Cole said. "We need to keep sentiments aside and do the right thing."


"The right thing?" Jaris chuckled. "And what might that be? Executing her?" The mere mention of the word made me shiver.I didn't want to die.



"For centuries, we have been guarded by laws and tradition, your Highness. If these didn't exist, our world would've definitely been a mess. Siphons have always been executed to protect us. We will not stop now,"another Executioner said.



"I'm not asking you to stop," Jaris shrugged. "I am just telling you you will not be touching her."


A series of gasps and 'what' rippled through the room.Cole's eyes darkened.



"What're you trying to say?" His voice was colder too."With all due respect, your Highness, I hope you're not trying to imply that the life of your mate should be spared."



Jaris said nothing, letting them all to see the answer in his eyes. It was enough to rile the Executioners.


"It is simply not possible!" Lucy's lookalike roared."She killed one of our own when, according to her,she didn't mean to. She is dangerous and cannot live amongst us. The law will not be broken for her sake."


Jaris' hand separated from mine. My heart quickened as he walked forward, taking composed, gradual steps. He kept his eyes on the Executioner that had just spoken, and though she didn't retreat as he got closer,her eyes did show a little bit of fear. It was impossible for anyone not to feel intimidated when Jaris was in this mood of his.



He finally stopped in front of her, foot to foot, his eyes piercing into hers. She suddenly appeared small before him.



"And who are you to decide when the law will or will not be broken?" He cocked his head to the side. "If I will it, I can make you never to step foot in the Silver Citadel, ever again. That is how little your power is.The only time you do have power is when you wield your sword against who you consider enemy,and I am telling you, my mate is not one. You want my advice?"He directed his gaze at the rest of them. "Take your blood-hungry selves away from here and go find someone else to hunt. I do not care what you think,but if a single hair on Lyric's head goes missing..." He tsked. "You'll wish you never came after her."



He walked back to me, took my hand and exited the hall.
###Chapter 198
LYRIC



It wasn't until Jaris and I were away from the bank that all the nervousness I'd been bottling away came flooding out.



My palms were sweaty and shaky. I rubbed them on the sides of my jeans, taking deep breaths and reminding myself I was fine.


"It's fine, Lyric. Nobody will dare hurt you," Jaris said reassuringly when we reached the room.



The tears came freely as I dug my shaky hands into my hair.



"Lyric-"



"No, I'm just... I'm just overwhelmed," I chuckled."You stood up for me in there, against every single person."My voice broke. "Am I worth it,, Jaris? T-The people might be against you for this."


Gods, I felt like a bad luck. His first day as King and he was already going against the entire council for my sake.



"I don't care. Listen, Lyric," he took my hand. "I already plan on erasing this stupid law that paints your kind as dangerous. From tomorrow after we've moved in, I'll start working on it and get the Council to agree with me. As soon as the law is erased, you'll be completely safe. But I'm telling you thnat even right now, nobody will dare lay a hand on you, not when l've paused the order."



He sounded so sure. And of course, as King, it was forbidden for anyone to try to go against him.



Still,I couldn't help the fear that coiled itself around my throat, making it almost impossible for me to breathe.



I still couldn't help this strong feeling that something might go wrong somehow. I didn't want to die. But l also didn't want to leave Jaris yet. Not now.



****十



JARIS



After much conviction, I was able to get Lyric to fly back to Darkspire where she could gather her things.I had Kael keeping a close eye on her as I still didn't trust her to not attempt an escape.



As for me, I had to stay back here to do certain things.There were a lot of records I had to go over with the Council,so many things I needed to catch up with. I didn't miss how uncomfortable the Elders were around me during the meeting. They probably saw me as someone who was keeping a monster safe.Well,I guess it would've mattered if I gave a damn.



Defending Lyric earlier had turned out to be easier than I thought. But really, did they think I'd have just folded my arms and let them hurt her? Didn't they know what she meant to me? What exactly was wrong with them?



But I knew it wasn't over. The Executioners were not one to back off easily. They'd definitely press some more to get what they want-which was Lyric's life.This was why I needed to push the agenda as soon as possible.



We'd been having a meeting for over two hours and decided to go on a small break. I returned to the room to grab some water, and to my displeasure, my mother was sitting there, waiting.



Oh,damn it.


"Finally, you're back." She stood up.



Her angry mood already told me what she wanted to talk about.



"I am not done, mother. And believe me, I do not have the time for this-" "No,Jaris! We're going to have this conversation!" She snapped. "Why on earth's name are you protecting that girl?! She's a Siphon! A forbidden thing! Have you forgotten so soon what they did to our family? Her kind is the reason you and your brother have suffered!"



"And do you know how many other people have suffered because of Caden and I?" | cut her off. "Do you have any idea about the lives that's been lost because of us? People die everyday, mother. But so far,Lyric has been no murderer."



"Oh,really now? You seem to be forgetting she killed that Executioner!"



"She never meant to."



"And she'll never mean it when she does something more dangerous."



She stormed closer to me. "Please, Jaris; do not tell me you're going to ignore this simply because you've been with her for what? Three months? You just became King! You cannot afford to be biased right now?"



I laughed. I looked crazy, and even my mother stared at me like I'd lost my mind. And maybe I had

But when I eventually stopped laughing and addressed her, my tone was icier. "Lyric and I may have known each for only a few months, but she's the closest I've been to anyone, mother. The connection I feel with her,I never felt it even with father. And definitely not with you."


Of course, how could I feel it when growing up, she had been too focused on being a feared Luna rather than a caring mother? She didn't even notice when Caden and I drifted apart to fix us. All that ever mattered to her was power and making sure one of her sons stayed in it. It didn't matter which son.


The truth smacked her like a blunt object. Her lips parted in shock, more from the fact that I could utter such words to her.



Concluding she'd be too shocked to say any more words, I left her in the room.


****十



LYRIC



Why did fate have to be so cruel to me?



I had to lose my mother at a young age, got branded with silver and grew up with the 'ugly' tag. As if that wasn't enough, I had to be a Siphon.



Bad news does travel faster. It looked like the entire world already knew I was a Siphon, because everywhere I turned, there were suspicious eyes on me. The people were keeping their distance like I was a plaque that could harm them.


Jace who was holding my hand beside me, gave it a little squeeze.


"It's fine, Lyric. This will pass."


If only he knew how reassuring his presence next to me was. I honestly wouldn't know what to do if a friend wasn't closeby.



We parted ways when we got to the hallway dividing our rooms as he also had to get his things from his own room.



A while later, I was so hungry and had to go get something from the Pack's restaurant. I was approaching a corner when I heard the muffled voices of maids cheerfully greeting someone.



"Greetings,Grand Luna."



"Yes. Make sure you put the rest of the items together," I recognized Marta's voice.


"Yes,Grand Luna."



"And what about the other things I asked for? Have they been brought yet?"


"Yes,Grand Luna." I heard departing footsteps. My own steps had slowed as I contemplated if it was a good idea to go ahead and meet with her. I wasn't sure I wanted to deal with her right now.


Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to decide as she came up the corner to meet me. She paused, seeming surprised.


There were two maids behind her, one holding a tray of fruits and the other a glass of juice. How pleasant.I could imagine she was living her best life right now.



"Why did you come back?" She raised a brow.


I couldn't help scoffing at her. "I came to get my things."


She raised her chin higher. "I think you forgot something." Her lips lifted in a smirk. "You forgot to pay me some respect."


My heart skipped a beat. I'd seen this coming. Which was why I had thought of avoiding her.


"Come on, Lyric. Don't make me force you for something that is necessary. I am no longer Marta Monroe-Jaris' baby mama. I am his fucking wife! The Grand Luna of our world!" She cackled. "Can you imagine how sweet that is?" She stepped closer, her gaze holding mine.


"Now, address me as a grand Luna. Else, trust me,you wouldn't like how this would turn out for you."
###Chapter 199 
 LYRIC



My hands balled into fists beside me. By the gods, I wanted to take her pride away. Just... anything to bring her from this throne a little.



But I knew there was nothing I could do. Plus with my baby involved, I wasn't ready to get into another fight with her.



Despite how hard it was bowing to the woman who's made me her enemy from the very first day she saw me and ensured that life was always difficult for me,l forced my head to go low, giving her the glory she wanted.



I couldn't see her face, but I could somehow tell she was smiling.



"I don't think I can hear your words," she taunted.



My throat burnt from trying to produce the words,but I forced them out nonetheless. "Grand Luna."



"Hm." She stepped back, a hand on her thigh."Sounds much better. Who would've thought that seeing you like this would be such a fulfilling sight?" I raised my head as, my cheeks burning in shame. Her smug smile made me hate myself even more.


"It's a good thing you're finally learning your place.Now, this brings me to the question I've been curious to ask for a long time. How have you been a Siphon but managed to hide it from everyone?"



I kept my mouth shut.



"You know, now it makes sense," she nodded, like someone just discovering a golden truth. "Why you always seemed perfect and untouchable. Even at TCH,you made it seem like the rest of us were being useless. So, it wasn't just you. It had to do with your witch powers."



"I'm not a witch," I rasped.


"Like hell you're not," she huffed. "Your kind is forbidden. I honestly don't know why my 'husband' is defending you." I didn't miss the way she laid emphasis on 'husband'. She was really out to get me."But I'm sure soon, he'll come to his senses. When everyone stands against him on his decision to keep you safe,he'll hand you over."



She came closer to me, her eyes gleaming with pride."I cannot wait for the day you get executed."


This time, I scoffed, mocking her. "I'm afraid you'll be waiting for a long time, then. Who knows? You might probably even die before me."



A spark flashed in her eyes.


"Come on, Marta. That's enough," someone said from behind,cutting whatever retort she was about to spew at me.



I glanced behind and found Maddy coming towards us.


Marta rolled her eyes. "No one invited you into this conversation."



"I don't need to boe invited. Your messy attitude is already enough. And please, don't start with the whole 'grand Luna's shit with me. You should knowI'm not working with that."



Marta zeroed her eyes on me. "Stay away from my kids.I mean it."



She walked away, feeling me with relief I didn't know I needed. 2



Facing Maddy, I felt a little uncomfortable. We haven't spoken since I was known to be a Siphon.Over the month, she's turned out to be a great friend,but I didn't know how she'd feel about this.


"Are you okay?" She asked, making me want to cry. "Y-Yeah,I guess."



"Come on. I'll help you pack up."



I told her I was on my way to get food. So, she followed me to the restaurant instead.



Turned out that Maddy didn't have a problem with me being what I was. According to her, l've always been a sweet soul and she wasn't going to judge me for something I didn't choose to be.


When we finished from the restaurant and returned to the room, I was surprised to find Nerion leaving.Maddy grew uncomfortable at once at the sight of him while he also seemed to tense.



But what was he doing in my room?



"His Highness asked me to check on you," he clarified.



Oh.



"I'm fine," I told him.



He glanced at Maddy and left.


****十



JARIS



Things were getting rougher on this side. I'd been gettingendless letters from the Elders and Alphas, demanding answers regarding Lyric being pardoned when she was a Siphon.



It was truly becoming frustrating, and I didn't know how to proceed any further without wanting to get someone punished.



Why didn't they have to worry about it? Why couldn't they just trust my decision and believe that she was someone that was never going to hurt anyone? She was my mate, pregnant with my child, and I was fucking in love with her! Wasn't that enough reason for anyone to just let me be?!



Kael walked in just when I was about shredding the last letter to pieces. He gave me a disapproving stare like he knew what I was about to do.



"You'll need to find a permanent solution to that,you know?" He said it like it wasn't obvious. "Things are not looking funny anymore."



"What do you want?" | rasped.



Damm it, Jaris. Now I was starting to pour out my frustration on everyone.



"You.... sent for me?" He scoffed.


Oh,right. I forgot. 
"I need you to do something. I need you to check on Velvet Sky Lodge." It was one of my hotels.


"I need a picture of all the staff that had been on duty that morning."



He'd gotten them before when I questioned them on the lady's disappearance from the hotel. They all claimed not to know why she left, and I believed them.Now, it looks like one of them had been lying.



Lyric and I had more time to talk last night, and she explained that one of the staff had deceived her into leaving, making her think I ordered it. I never gave such an order, but apparently it was the reason we had been separated for six years. She had to live for six years thinking l used and abandoned her.


If I could get my hand on that very staff, there was no telling what I'd do.



"Is there a reason you want it now?" Kael asked.



"Yes. Can't talk about it now." I grabbed the next letter which I was already sure would piss me off.


The Alphas and Elders sure knew what they were doing. If the letters got to a certain amount, I'd really have to answer to them. And by the look of things, it was very close to that amount. "Got you. Do you need help with anything else?" My Beta asked.



I stared intently at the papers on my desk as an idea settled in my mind. The situation was trying to get out of hand. I'd really need to do something about it.



"Yes." I looked up at Kael. "There is something you could help me with."







I'd just finished from a brief meeting with some of the locals of a Pack where a major issue had to be addressed and was heading to my office when I saw Nerion. My heart beamed with delight at the realization that Lyric was back.


"How did it go?" I asked as soon as I met up with him.


"It was good, boss. Everyone's in the Central Pack already. Your things are there as well. Everyone's waiting."


That sounded so relieving. I couldn't wait to move into a real home and have some rest.



"Lyric?" |asked.


"Good as well. She's in the Central Pack. Jace and Maddy are keeping her company."
I nodded.



"Um... There's something you should know."


I stopped walking as soon as he said that. Somehow,I knew it had to do with Lyric.


"While uh... Lyric was packing up," he glanced around.


"Spit it out, Kael. What happened?"


"It's just...there was a point when I entered her room to check on her, and she wasn't there. I was about to leave, then I noticed something in an open drawer.I know... I know I shouldn't have pried into her privacy,but with the nature of my job, you know I'm always curious. So,I went closer, and I saw this."



He tapped his phone a few times and showed me a picture on it-one that wasn't quite clear.



"It's an ultrasound image. Looks like that of twins."
###Chapter 200
JARIS



For a full minute, I still couldn't grasp what he was on about.What was the connection?



"I find it suspicious, don't you,boss? I mean, having this image with her. I don't think a woman would carry this if it didn't belong to her."



Slowly, I realized that I understood what the connection was. I just didn't want to believe it.


Lyric had been pregnant?



"How?" The single word felt heavy on my tongue.How would Nerion even know?



"I'm just as confused, boss. There's no record of her having twins anywhere. So, I don't understand where this is coming from."



Something constricting squeezed my chest, making each breath feel like a struggle. Lyric had been pregnant.For who?



****



LYRIC The Central Pack House was a wonder. Beyond beautiful!



When we arrived, I almost forgot about my predicaments as I focused on admiring the stunning place.



I was shown to my room which was larger and more beautiful than the one we had in Darkspire. The entire place looked like a modern palace. So big and dreamy.I couldn't be more grateful that I was here to witness it.



Some of the people from Darkspire were already moving to the Central Pack, accommodations being made available for them. That was how it worked.Since Jaris was King, his people were free to stay in the Central Pack, or Darkspire if they wanted.Either way,both Packs were theirs.



It was a good thing both places weren't that far from each other. So, people who wanted to live here but still had things to do in Darkspire could still achieve that.1



I asked for Jaris as soon as I arrived but was told he was in a meeting. Maddy helped me settle in when she noticed I was easily getting tired. I wonder when would be the perfect time to tell them about the baby.



When Maddy and I took a little break, I decided to go check on Xylon and Xyla. I hadn't really seen them since this whole thing started, and it was crazy how much I've missed them.



I asked for directions and was shown to their new room.I was excited to hear from them how much they love their new home.



I knocked on the door and went in when their nanny happily opened up.


"Hey!!!" I greeted enthusiastically, opening my arms wide for a hug I knew would come.



At first glance, I caught them playing a game on a round table. Goodness, this room was large! Large enough to have a playing ground by the corner!


They whipped their heads in my direction when they heard my voice, and I kept my smile going,waiting for them to get up. They did get up. But they didn't run to me or even crack a smile.



An unexpected sensation tumbled from my chest,resting heavy in the depths of my stomach.



What was going on?



I quickly dropped my hand as I realized they didn't have any intention of coming to me.


I glanced around in confusion, my eyes settling on the nanny who also seemed clueless.



"Is-Is something wrong?" I chuckled nervously.



Maybe this was some sort of prank.



"Mummy said not to come close to you again. She said you're a witch who kills people." It was Xyla that answered,her arms crossed.



An explosion within me resonated like nothing before,a duality of searing cold and burning heat,killing me.Yet, I couldn't die. I was just here, staring at the nightmare in front of me.



"She-She told you that?" I stuttered, my fear mounting.



"Yes!"



"W-Was she lying?" Xylon asked.



"Mummy doesn't lie!" Xyla defended, but her brother didn't even look at her.



He kept his eyes on me as he repeated his question.



I could see it in those silver eyes of his-the hope that it was all a lie.



And that was where the problem lied. It wasn't entirely a lie. I did kill someone. I was dangerous. But how could Marta tell them such about me?!


"I-I'm not a witch." I took two steps closer. It broke my heart to pieces when they took<a step back.


"But did you kill someone?" Xyla asked.


That was where I got stuck. To get out of the situation,I'd have to lie to them. And how could I possibly do that?



"Come on, kids. It's a long story. I didn't-"


"So,you did kill someone using your powers," Xyla cut me off, finality in her tone.


"You're a witch?" Xylon had this disappointment in his voice and eyes.


By the moon, I could endure the whole world hating me; not these kids. I couldn't even explain the kind of bond I'd formed with them, but it'd completely kill me to know they hated me like most people.



"Come on, please. Let's just forget about that,okay?It's not talk for children," I still pressed, hoping that by some cruel fate, they'd have pity on me and let the matter die.



But who was I kidding?


"We don't play with witches! Mummy said not to!" She grabbed her brother's hand and took several steps back.



"Please,nanny.We don't wanna play with her.Not now."


I didn't even try to stop the tear that slid into my cheek. The scene felt so unreal. Xylon and Xyla avoiding me?! Guess I underestimated Marta's passion to manipulate the kids into hating me this whole time.


I didn't wait for the nanny to tell me. I hurried out of the room.



As soon as I reached my room, I let the dam pour,crying uncontrollable.



Nothing had ever hurt me like this. Not even when Roderick maltreated me. Not all those times when Jaris hurt me and made me cry. This feeling...this was totally different. Too painful.


The reality started to dawn on me. While I might have been of help to a lot of people, not everyone would like me. People like Xylon and Xyla actually considered me dangerous and didn't want to have anything to do with me. How do I continue living in this situation?



Oh,gods. What if... What if I get to find my kids and they also become scared of me? What if this very one in my womb grows up to hate me as well? I wept for a long time, losing track of time. It wasn't until my phone started ringing that I snapped out for a moment to answer the call which was from a strange number.



The moment I heard the voice, my day went completely worse.



"Lyric."


I sprang to my feet, dread and disgust suddenly filling me up.



Caden.
###Chapter 201
LYRIC



"Wh-What do you want?" I had to clear my throat to make sure it didn't come out raspy and give away the fact that I was crying.


"It was you."


His words made me furrow my brows, until slowly,they made sense.


He still pointed it out.


"The girl at the hospital. The one that saved mne."


I hadn't realized the extent of what I did until Caden himself was thanking me for it. Gosh, I hated myself right now.


"I didn't save you. I was stupid and didn't even know who you were," I snapped. I'd been beyond stupid. "But you did save me." He sounded serious. "I've been looking for that same lady for years, Lyric."


"Well, keep looking!"


"This whole time, you knew but didn't say a word."


I pinched my brows, my frustration mounting as | so desperately wanted to let it out on someone.


"We-We need to talk, Lyric."


What the hell?


"Have you lost your mind? I'm not seeing you."


"Please. I just need to...I need to see you."


"Why?"


"It's important!" He suddenly laughed. "You're a Siphon, Lyric! Do you realize you're worth more than gold?"


The truth suddenly hit me as strongly as it hurt.


"You see me as an asset," I nodded like he could see me. "No. No, Lyric. It's beyond that. Listen, I know the people are on your neck right now. Everyone thinks you're dangerous; and that's the difference between me and them. I can protect you. If you're smart, you'll leave those people and come to me."


"Well, I guess l've never been smart, then," |chuckled, wiping a tear from my face. "If I was, I'd have never woken a monster like you, because you're the reason all of this happened."


If I hadn't woken him up at the hospital, nobody would've known I was a Siphon. The Executioners wouldn't have done looking for me. It was all his fault.


"I'm done talking to you. Please, don't ever reach out to me again."


He tried to say something but | cut him off by ending the call.







I was curled up in bed when the door opened revealing Jaris. It suddenly felt like I'd been alone for days and was just seeing a human for the first time.


I jumped from the bed, ran to him and fell into his arms without thinking. It felt so good seeing someone that didn't hate me. Someone I was sure would have my back.


"Hey," his voice was soft, his hand caressing my back. "Are y/ou alright?"


He must find it strange that my first action was ggiving him a tight hug. If only he knew how much I needed it.



It took me a little longer to finally be able to let him go.


"I'm fine," I breathed, staring into his eyes.


Except I was anything but fine. There was so much l wanted to talk to him about. The kids avoiding me,Caden calling me. But I was scared of starting an issue between him and the kids as I didn't want him forcing an opinion on them. And Caden.... Caden was
 just too stressful to talk about.



"Had anything to eat yet?" He asked with a hand on my back as he led me to sit.


"Yeah. At Darkspire." Though I was still very hungry.


He asked me more questions to make sure I was fine.Aside my own worry, I could see there were certain questions he was holding back.


"I need to know something, Lyric." His tone turned serious. He was seated next to me in bed, our legs touching.


"And I need you to be very honest with me." I didn't like it when Jaris used this tone with me.



I held his gaze, waiting for the bomb to drop. "Six years ago, did you get pregnant?"


Shock washed over me, causing my mouth to hang open as if frozen in time.



By the moon, no! I pulled my hand away from his,quickly as if it burned. How did he find out?!



"Lyric-"



"l-I don't-" | looked around nervously. "Why are you just asking?"



"'Cause a photo was found in your room." He took out his phone and showed me a picture. It was that of my scan.


My eyes grew a degree wider.


Nerion! I should've suspected it when I found him leaving my room! Since I was packing up,I had the drawers unlocked and left the image carelessly. Well,I didn't expect someone to go in and check my drawer within that short period of time.



"Is this yours, Lyric? I need you to be honest." The look in his eyes told me he had faith in me, and I'd be a bitch to betray it.



I lowered my eyes, letting him see the truth in my silence. A minute passed by with full silence.


"You were pregnant?"


I nodded slowly, unable to meet his gaze.


"For me?"



I took a deep breath, glancing up at the ceiling.


"Lyric, why didn't you tell me?"


"I didn't know who you were!" My voice rose a notch."I mean, I thought I'd been abandoned by a man who left me after seeing how I ugly I was. You wouldn't have been the first to do that to me, you know?"


My voice broke as I relived the trauma. All the days I was bullied and hated for my scar. How nobody wanted to be my friend or even help me. No guy wanted to touch me, and I was forced to remain a virgin even when I was mated to someone!


Jaris reached for my hand again, his touch warm and soft.



"You were never ugly to me, Princess." The name warmed my heart, cracking some of the painful ice that had been gathering around it.


He was the first to ever call me that; the first to give it a different meaning.


"I don't know, but while others looked at you and saw a scarred lady, I saw a very beautiful woman. One whose entire feature was just stunning." He brought a hand to my face, running a finger down my cheek."How could anyone have called you ugly?"


I lowered my gaze again just as another tear escaped.


He didn't stop me from crying. He gave me some minutes before speaking up again.


"What happened to the babies? I think l'd have known if you had any with you."


My heart skipped a beat. Was I supposed to tell him the truth? That Penelope said they were alive but the damn woman couldn't remember a thing? He might probably end up killing Penelope. Jaris' eyes suddenly came to my neck, and an eerie light shadowed it.


"Are they..." His brows furrowed. "Didn't they make it?"



That was when I realized he was referring to the locket on my neck; the one with the ashes.


"Are they the ones you've been carrying all along?"


I found myself nodding before | could stop it.


"Fuck,Lyric!"


His hand rose to it, touching the cold metal.


The pain in his eyes was unmistakable.


"They didn't make it," he repeated it like it was hard to believe,


"That day, I seized this. You stayed out there in the cold for hours, waiting for me. I had no idea I'd been punishing you with something this sensitive."


His gaze met mine again. "I'm sorry." I forced a smile, feeling so terribly that I was lying to him yet again. Maybe | didn't deserve someone like him. "It wasn't your fault. You had no idea."


Staying on the topic was getting difficult. I dived into a new one as quickly as | could.


"Come on. I'm tired and just need some rest."


I hugged him, resting my head on his chest.


But he still didn't seem relaxed.


"We have a problem, Lyric," he said after a while.


I pulled away from the hug to stare into his face. He looked serious.



"What problem again?"


His hand came to my hair, stroking some strands away. "It's not for you to worry about. I just need you to do something for me tomorrow. Do you think you'll be strong enough to stand before the Council?"


My hands separated from his waist as my heart kicked into overdrive. Please, no. The Council had to do with the Elders and every single Alpha. Why was a meeting still being held for them? Was I still a problem?


Jaris held my hands, giving them a tight squeeze as he sensed my growing panic.


"I just need to fix things once and for al, Lyric. You can be rest assured that I'll be right there with you,and I promise you, no one is going to touch a single hair on your head. You have my word for that."
###Chapter 202 
LYRIC



The day did come. Despite how much I wished it wouldn't.



Jaris held my hand as he walked me into the huge hall which was normally used for the trials. It wasn't just the Council that were gathered; he had summoned other Wolves as well.


What was he doing?


If he wasn't holding my hand right now, I wasn't sure I'd have kept going.


The people mumbled as we climbed onto the stage.Every single person I knew was there, including the Executioners.



I kept my head down the whole time, too afraid to meet their judgy eyes. I still didn't know what Jaris' plan was. But I trusted him.


He took the stage. Everyone bowed their heads and chorused his new title.



"Thank you all for coming," his voice was firm as he spoke. "I had to do this today because, it's a topic that is beyond important to me. It involves the woman I love."


The hall went dead silent.


"And also, the woman carrying my child."


The silence was shattered in a split second.



My mouth dropped open in shock, same time the crowd started mumbling and looking at each other.What was he doing?! He didn't tell me he was going to reveal that!



Jaris waited for the noise to die down before he continued.



"Recently, as you all know already, we discovered she was a Siphon-something that has always been forbidden and executed. Before now, I also hated the Siphons and was glad they were in extinction." He scoffed. "If you heard my story, you'd understand |have more reasons to hate them than you do.


"I met with this woman under unpleasant circumstances," he stretched his hand toward me."I didn't like her at first, just like I hardly ever liked anyone. But that was before I got to understand how much of an amazing woman she was. Lyric Harper has been more than a blessing to my life. She's my everything, and honestly, I can't imagine myself living without her."


"Yes, I am being biased. The right thing to do would be to hand her to the Executioners." He paused for emphasis. "But how can I not be biased when it has to do with this very woman? HHow can l... simply hand her over like she hasn't been the sweetest soul l know?"



He glanced at me with soft loving eyes before looking back at the crowd.


"Some of you here have met Lyric, and I'd like to know if there's any of you that's had a bad experience with her. Why do we have to execute our 'own' simply because they're something they did not choose to be? Who the hell set these laws?!"


The low buzz of the crowd heightened.


"We have worse wolves amongst us. Most of us here have done despicable things-things we have somehow managed to get away with. Yet, Lyric who has been nothing but sweet to the people around her should be the one executed? Because she possesses powers that could do more good than harm? Or because her forefathers in the past did something despicable? So, Lyric who didn't even know what happened should suffer for it? And you all-" he laughed."-expect me to be cool with that?"


He didn't look like an ideal King right now. Nothing like a King who would speak calmly and sweetly to his subjects. He looked every bit of what people knew him to be-dark, cold, uncaring about the right thing.


"To prove my point, I have brought over some witnesses to testify on their encounter with Lyric." He stepped aside, looking at the backstage.


I also watched curiously, wondering what people he was referring to. Until I saw a couple of people emerging from the backstage.


My mouth dropped open as a loud gasp escaped it.


Mr. Owens, Mr. Pete, so many other patients I healed at TCH, my friends-Juan, Beck-some of my colleagues from work.


What the hell? How did Jaris know about them and even find them?



The noise from the crowd grew as the people took the stage. They bowed at me before facing the crowd,


My heart was beating too fast, tears gathering behind my eyes.


One after the other, they spoke of how I'd helped them get better within minutes; taken their pain away when the other doctors had been unable to. Some mentioned how their cases had been terminal,yet l gave them a second chance at life.


Nina, Owen's granddaughter who had been pregnant when I healed her grandfather, also came on stage with her little baby.


"I didn't think my grandfather was going to see this baby," she said. "I remember crying every hour of the day, praying to the Moon to give him a second chance at life. The Moon goddess did answer my prayers by sending this woman to me. If it wasn't for her, my grandfather wouldn't have been here right now. My baby wouldn't receive the love she's been getting from him. How do we execute someone like her just because the law has been existing for centuries? I mean, while there are wolves out there killing, she's been saving lives. She's done more good than harm, and my family will be forever indebted to her."



Doctor Guinevere also came forward to give her speech. She talked about her grandmother's sister being a Siphon and executed for it. "Her death had broken a lot of things in the family.Imagine losing your loved one when they haven't even done anything, simply because they're Siphons.I've worked in the health sector long enough to know that Lyric had done things no one had been able to do. If we had more of her kind in the heath sector,we'd have a very decreased death rate."



Some colleagues spoke about me. "She's been an amazing person," Evans said. "Sweet, fun to work with. There are more dangerous wolves amongst uS than her."



" was also very scared of Siphons before now," a female colleague said. "But getting to know Lyric is one of them, I can't help but believe we've been lied to our whole lives. Not all Siphons are evil. They definitely deserve a chance to live as they didn't ask to be born with it."


Jace also talked about it, how I have been his best friend from childhood and not even once had I hurt him except for the one time I hit him with a spoon.That had gotten some laughter from the people. My cheeks had become a canvas for tears as almost everyone I knew talked about me, giving their good remarks. I always thought I didn't have friends;always felt like I had more acquaintances than friends.



But today changed everything. You don't have to be friends with someone to like them. What did I do to deserve such love?



Jaris took the stage again when everyone was done talking.


The crowd had gone calm, the people whispering amongst themselves.


"With this said," Jaris began. "I'd like to start the motion to banish the law against the Executioners.I might be King, but this is still our world. Hence, I'll be leaving the floor open to every one of you to cast your votes. If you are in support of banishing the law or making it remain standing, feel free to let us know in your votes. But I believe you all should know where I stand. If the law is to remain, you'll have to find a new King, because I'll never be the one to hand her
###Chapter 203
LYRIC


Shocked gasps and whispers rippled through the crowd.



The guards started moving, carrying in big ballot boxes.



I could only watch in awe. Jaris planned all this for me?



The place got noisy as poeople discussed the issue.I excused myself from the stage, running to a quiet hallway where I wept more.


How did I deserve this?


Just yesterday, I'd been worried sick that there might never be a solution for me. And today, he had gone the extra mile for me. The jerk was ready to give up his crown for my sake. What the hell?



I heard approaching footsteps and knew it was him.


I faced him, my vision blurred, offering a quivering smile.


"You jerk." I hit him lightly in the chest. "Why would you plan all of these and not even tell me? I didn't-|didn't even say a word."


He cocked a brow at me. "Well, I didn't mention anything about you giving a speech, did I? I only asked if you were strong enough to stand before the Council."



I laughed then hugged him, burying my tear-soaked face in the dip of his shoulder.


"Thank you. So so much. I don't deserve it."


He spanked my ass. "Say that again and I'll have you locked up. You're special and deserve every bit of it."He pulled my hair back so he could look into my face."I promised you I wouldn't let anyone hurt you. And no matter what the result turns out to be, I still won't let you get hurt, Lyric. They'll have to come through me first."



I smiled through the tears that hadn't stopped flowing. I cupped his cheeks, giving him a deep kiss.


"I love you, Jaris Dreadmoor. Today, tomorrow, and forever." I'd never said anything with more conviction in my life.


I knew from the bottom of my heart that it was true.There was not a single soul I could ever love more than the man in front of me.



His hand wrapped possessively around my waist.


"I love you too, Lyric.More than you think."


Hugging him again, I rested my head on his shoulder.This time, I caught Marta staring at us from the start of the hallway.



Not stare. Glare.



She looked vicious in her long red dress, hands on her waist, mouth twisted in fury. She looked like she could murder someone.







Although the speech my friends and acquaintances had given seemed to have some effect on the crowd,I was still damn scared on what the result would be.


The voting took some hours as more people came from outside to cast theirs when they heard what was happening.. When each member voted, a silver pin was pierced into their thumb to mark them for the day and prevent them from returning to cast another vote.



I was so nervous I couldn't eat despite how hungry l was. Not even when Jaris offered me something l was craving and tried to force me to eat it.


When the vote finally ended and it was time for the results, my anxiety got even higher than I thought possible.



Jace was with me and held my hand as we walked to the stage where Jaris was already discussing with the Elders.


"You got this, Ly. Everything will be fine," my best friend said reassuringly.


But it did little to calm my nerves.


"A-Are you sure? I mean, what if the people weren't that moved and still went ahead to vote against it?Does that mean I'll be handed to the Executioners?"


"If you don't stop saying shit right now, I might actually spank you." For effect, he hit me lightly on the shoulder.



He finally let go of my hand. I nervously rubbed them together,reciting a silent prayer on my lips.


Chairman Lyon did the announcement.


"We want to thank everyone of you for voting. This shows how much you value the matters of our community. The result will be called now, and if your opinion didn't win, please note that it was wvell received and appreciated. Over here, we work with the highest vote." He looked down at a sheet of a paper.



"For those in support of maintaining the law concerning Siphons, we have a hundred and fifty-nine votes."



I'd stopped breathing, waiting for the second shoe to drop.



"For those in support of repealing the law..." he paused for effect, staring down at the paper. "We have four hundred and thirty-three votes!"



I didn't know which was faster-the explosion of noise from the crowd or my heart spiraling down from the maximum elevation.



My heart kicked against my ribcage as I stood there in silence for sometime, staring wide-eyed at the crowd and wondering if this was a dream.



"Yes! Yes!" Jace screamed beside me.



He came to stand in front of me and shook me roughly. "I fucking told you! | fucking told you!" Oh,gods.It happened.


It.Happened.
###Chapter 204
LYRIC


A scoff burst from my throat, followed by a deep throaty laughter. Now, I looked as mad as the crowd.


I found Jaris approaching me and didn't even wait for him to get close. I ran, laughing, my arms wide. He opened his arms before I reached him, caught me,pulled me up until my legs were off the floor and spun.



I giggled like a kid getting candies, my hands holding his neck tightly.


"We fucking did it, baby," he whispered in my ear before dropping me on my feet.


"No! You did! You did everything, you insufferable lover-king!"


We laughed at the same time, my hands still wrapped around his neck.


Oh, I wish I could kiss him right now. Just kiss him tight and let him feel how deeply I loved him.


In the background, Chairman Lyon officially announced the repeal of the law that supported executing Siphons.He announced my freedom.


Henceforth, Siphons were free to live like everyone else. They could work and do what they wanted, and just like every other wolf, they'd be punished if found guilty of an offense.


It finally brought tears to my eyes-the realization that I was indeed free. None of this would've been possible without Jaris.


I was about to give him another hug wwhen an angry video rose from the crowd.



"This is amistake!"


I'd recognize Cole's voice from anywhere. It was too bossy and haunting, and had indeed, hunted me during these past few/ days. Everyone kept silent, making his voice heard.


"Siphons are never supposed to coexist with us. For centuries, we've stayed safe against them because we never let them survive around us. I am telling you,she is a disaster! Erasing this law will give more of her type hiding out there the freedom to do what they want. Do you realize how doomed we would be?"



Victory had a sweet taste on the tongue. It gave me some confidence as I walked closer to him.


He was below the stage. So, when I got to the edge, l could stare down at him and talk.


"Do you really think there are more of my/kind out there? I mean, with how many have been executed before me. If there are a few of them who are actually hiding, don't you think they're hiding because they're trying to protect their dear lives? These people just want to live as much as you do. We were born into a world where we didn't even know what we were until the society suddenly wanted to execute us. In what world is that fair?" Cole's nose wrinkled as he glared up at me. "You're saying this 'cause you don't know what your kind did in the past."


"Oh, trust me, I know the story. And do you know how many wolves have committed worst offenses in the past? But wolves are not banished, are they?That is because the sins of the past people should not be used to judge the present. Because those Siphons from centuries ago were power-hungry does not mean I and the present ones will be the same.I am different! And I deserve the chance to live just as much as you do!"


There was a loud echo of "yes!" and approving groans from the crowd. Before now, I definitely wouldn't have had the courage to address someone like Cole. But not anymore. Not when I knew I was free.


He looked around at the people supporting me,disgust twisting his features.


His eyes came to mine again. "They don't know what I do. You and your kind will always be a disaster. And soon," his voice went higher. "every one of you will regret this! You'll see you made the biggest mistake of your lives here today. You just wait and see!"


He stormed out, the crowd automatically parting for him. His colleagues also passed glares at me before they followed suit.


I took a deep breath, turning around to meet Jaris'eyes and finding reassurance in them.


Everything was fine. It was all over.


*****



As expected, my win was not entirely accepted by everyone.


Luna Isolde, for example.


She followed Jaris and I to the room and yelled about how wrong the whole thing was, and how much of a bad luck I was going to bring. She even called me an opportunist for getting pregnant for Jaris when l knew our whole relationship was based on a contract. Her words about her grandchild cut me deeper. If only she knew how the child came about.


Jaris was furious and almost had her thrown out. It was a good thing I was able to hold him back until the Luna left on her own.



What kept me going was the fact that the love was more than the hate. A lot of people appreciated mne for being a Siphon. Some even started asking if they could bring their loved ones to come for treatment.



The following day, I set out to do something special.I already made preparations for chefs the previous day and paid them off to prepare a variety of meals in large quantities for the people. Then, I sent the notice out, inviting as many Wolves as possible.


In our world, it wasn't difficult passing information acrosS.



It was a very busy day in the Silver Citadel. The Pack Compound was filled with foods, drinks and desserts going around in trays. It looked like a large feast.


I stood at the balcony, watching with a happy face as everyone ate merrily. It was my own way of thanking them for giving me a chance at life.



My name was on their lips as they sang my praises.I couldn't help the smile on my face.



"How manipulative," Marta said as she showed up beside me. "Feeding the people like they've been starving."



I rolled my eyes, not meeting her gaze. Though I knew she was angry.


"You don't think it's over, do you? I mean, as far as I'm concerned, you're stilI dangerous and I don't want you anywhere near my kids."



Speaking about the kids. I finally turned to her.



"Did you have to stoop so low? Telling them I was a witch and a murderer?"



She scoffed. "What, was a single lie told? Growing up, your kind was always considered to be witches.And you really did kill someone. As a mother, it is my right to protect my children from someone like you."Her eyes go down to my belly. "Even that one in there needs saving."


"Talk about my child one more time and see what happens."
###Chapter 205
MARTA



The mirth was gone from her face. She looked vicious now as she stepped toward me.


"You think I don't see what you're doing? You probably forced yourself on Jaris and quickly took in for him. All for what? To secure your spot beside him? Well, guess who's still Queen,Lyric."


| laughed in her face. "Oh, poor Marta." I tsked."Stupid Marta. Always thinking everything's a competition. What Jaris and I share is special and something I'll never call a competition. Sadly, it's also something you'll never be able to understand as you've hardly ever been in love."



The thought struck me, furrowing my brows."Have you ever been in love,Marta?"


The further crumbling of her mask said it all. "Good gods," I muttered, faking pity. "You've never actually been loved by someone. Your whole life,you've only wanted a man who has never really wanted you. A man who only made you Grand Luna 'cause he chose his kids. And despite being grand Luna, you're still insecure because you know you'll never own his heart. You, Marta Monroe, sadly, will live the rest of her life wanting a man she'll never have."



I watched her hands ball into fists, and they only brought a bright smile to my face.


She took a threatening step toward me, so close our feet were touching.


"Careful now, people are watching," I chuckled. "It's not a good sight, you know? Watching their queen get into a fight. Please, don't embarrass yourself any further."



I walked past her, brushing her shoulder in the process. I didn't need anyone to tell me my words were going to sting for a really long time. The day got busier for me. A lot of sick people made their way to me, asking to be healed. I was surprised when my powers worked as back then, I hadn't been able to use it on Caden.



I healed a lot of them, so happy I didn't have to hide or make it a secret.


The outcome of the whole event became more than l expected. More people kept coming, and so did my praises ring on everyone's lips. They kept calling me a savior, an answered prayer and how they regretted not going against this law long before now.


Safe to say it was the happiest day of my life. The day my kind got accepted in the world.


＊＊＊＊十



JARIS



It was amazing when a situation went from bad to good in the blink of an eye. Just yesterday, I wasn't sure if my plan would work to keep Lyric safe,but here we were, everything completely fine.


Nobody told me being the Alpha King came with this much workload. I'd been receiving letters upon letters, files to be reviewed and complaints to go over. Although, Lucas told me the workload was only this much because the position of the Alpha King had been vacant for long, causing the work to pile up.


I decided to go through the recent batch of letters I'd received for the day before going on a break. It was going fine until I came across one that unsettled me.


'You really think Siphons are safe?



Because Lyric is your mate?


Why don't you wait around and see how dangerous she becomes.


We'll gladly show you.


From a concerned Member.



I checked the back but couldn't see any details of the sender. I dialed Kael's line, requesting him in my office. It didn't take long before he arrived.


"I need to know who sent this," I told him atsr giving him the letter.


Displeasure shadowed his face when he read the content. "Who the fuck is this creep?"


I pushed the rest of the letters aside, concluding l was done for the day.



"Um...by the way," Kael removed an envelope from his back pocket. "I got the pictures you asked for.The staff from the hotel."



Great.



"Good job," I took the envelope from him and started toward the door.


"You did well, King," Kael's words stopped me at the door. "Standing up for Lyric like that... Never thought I'd see the day when my friend would so helplessly be in love." I lowered my head in a chuckle.


Friend. I liked the word.


Myself, Kael and Nerion have always had it on the back of our minds that we were friends, but it wasn't often we used the word.


But I liked hearing it.


I left the room, going to the field where I knew Lyric would be.


As expected, she was surrounded by a lot of people.There were some sick ones by the side and the ones she'd obviously healed on another side. Their families were present, adding to the overall rowdiness of the place.


Hell, no. She can't keep up with this. They'd drain her.


The people bowed their heads and parted as I walked forward. Lyric, who was too busy siphoning a woman didn't even notice me until I put a hand around her shoulder.
She released a deep breath, staring up at me.


"Hey..."


"Come on," I took her hand. "That's enough. Let's go."


She wanted to argue, but I didn't give her the chance as I forced her to her feet and started walking.


"There are still a lot of them I need to attend to!" She whined.


"Exactly. A lot of them. You'll burn out if you keep at this rate. You don't put yourself through this stress when you know you're carrying my child"


That seemed to shut her up.


We reached the room where she fell on the bed like she'd been doing very strenuous work for days.


I sat next to her, placed her legs on mine and started massaging her feet. She seemed surprised but finally relaxed.


We talked about each other's day and how perfect everything was going.


She suddenly sat up. "So... I think I could finally work on your...." she cleared her throat, her eyes lowering slightly to my groin.


I got the message and burst out laughing. "Lyric Harper, are you still shy around me?"


"What? Hell no!"


"Then, say it." My tone turned a bit serious,challenging her.


Her cheeks turned pink at once.


"Lyric-"


"Come on, you know what I'm talking about. If you don't want my help, just say it." She laid back on the bed,pouting.


It was impossible keeping the smile off my face.


"Of course I want your help." She rolled her eyes."So, looks like you're finally bold enough to touch my cock?" "Jaris!" She startled.


"Please, stop acting like a virgin. I've fucked you enough times to know better."


Her eyes rounded as her lips dropped open in shock.She looked like she wanted to say so many things at once but didn't know which to start fromn. In the end,she just shook her head and fell back on the bed.


"Feels good to win," I grinned at her.


We talked some more about other things before |took out the pictures.


"Which of them was it?"


She studied their faces for a while before pointing at one.
###Chapter 206
JARIS



I didn't know his name, but he did work for me six years ago. He quit the job a few months later.


So,one of my staff had lied against me to push Lyric away? I knew there was no way this staff would've done this on his own. Somebody must've definitely asked him to.



"I'll have him found and questioned," I told Lyric as I put the envelope back away.


"Is it really necessary? I mean, we're already together, right? Shouldn't we just let the past be?"


"No," my tone came out harsher than intended. "This son of a bitch is the reason we got separated for six years. If we'd been together, I'd have taken good care of you and the babies. Who knows, they might've survived. You wouldn't have gotten into trouble by awakening Caden. Do you understand that a lot of things wouldn't have been happening right now?"



She nodded, clearly seeing my point.


I hope to the moon there are people around when l find out who this person is, because there was no telling what I'd do to them.


＊＊＊＊十＊＊＊＊十



MARTA



She stood at the balcony, watching Lyric return to her seat in the field where the people surrounded her,like she was a savior.


They all bowed their heads at her, gladly welcoming her as she took her seat.



She kept watching for a long time as Lyric helped the people through siphoning, and each second that passed only worked to increase her bitterness.


At some point, the people started coming to Lyric with offerings. Some brought huge envelopes,foodstuff and even deer.


"What is she now, a goddess?" Marta scoffed.


As painful as it was, it was clear that Lyric was stealing the spotlight. Here, she was, the Grand Luna, with the people passing by and hardly even acknowledging her. Yet, Lyric was down there, being worshipped.



The hate Marta felt could not even be described.



Her phone vibrated in her bag. She hissed as she took it out, then discovered it was one of her 'men.


She walked to a more private part of the building before answering the call.


"We don't think Penelope is dead, ma'am," he reported, making Marta's heart to freeze.


"Wh-What're you talking about? Haven't you found the body?"



"No, ma'am. I've had my people from far and near comb the entire water. Her body should've floated at some point. The lack of it means she might've survived,somehow."


Her hand shook before she slowly balled it into a fist.


For a minute, she was taken aback, her heart racing wildly beneath her skin


"How do we find her?" She gulped hard. "If she's alive somewhere, we need to find her! You should know how important this is!"


"I understand. I already have my men checking some hospitals."



An idea suddenly clicked in her head. "Hold on; l need you to check for something else. Find out if she has any relatives. It's possible she's hiding with someone she trusts. A family member is a good place to start."


"Yes, ma'am. Will get to work at once."


Marta groaned when the call ended. "Damn it!"



Penelope needed to die.


But if she was alive, why hadn't she come to expose her yet? Or was she still in recovery?


It didn't matter. She'd be the first to find her, and she'd put an end to it.


＊＊＊＊＋＊＊＊＊十



JARIS



I'd just finished from a meeting and returned to my room to find Marta waiting outside. I understood the only reason she wasn't waiting inside was because l had the door locked. I didn't want anyone snooping in my room while I was away.


She offered me a smile and now when I got close."I've been waiting for you."


One of the guards with me opened the door and l went in with her.



"How was the meeting?" She asked in a warm tone. "It was fine, Marta. What is it?" Mine was harsher.


It was hard to act normal around Marta MMonroe.There were times when I wished someone like her didn't exist in my life. But then, my kids wouldn't have existed. So, I guess I had her to thank for that.


If only she was a better person, maybe we wouldn't have this problem.


"Well, I just came around to remind you of the plan with the kids. You know, we're supposed to go see that new movie together with-"


"Yeah, I know. I remember." How could I possibly forget?


She smiled. "I'll get them ready, then. See you soon."


I breathed a sigh of relief when she left.


I took a shower and came out to see my phone ringing. It was from a strange number.


I picked the call and went stiff when I heard the familiar voice of my brother. "Jaris." There was no mirth in his voice like it often had. Caden sounded serious.



"That should be 'Your Highness' to you,"I corrected him,going to stand before the window.


I could see the things and people out there, but they couldn't do the same. Otherwise, it'd have been funny to see their King standing half naked with a towel around his waist.



"Yeah, I guess I should be congratulating you, then.You won." I didn't miss the bitterness that coated his words.



I'd actually been expecting some sort of retaliation from him.



"We need to talk," he added.


"Well, keep talking."


"I want to make a proposal. I'm ready to leave with the rest of the Feeders. I'll put a stop to my plan and just vanish. You'll never be troubled by me or any of the Feeders, ever again. What do you say, Jar?" My mood was already getting sour, 'cause I knew the asshole was about to ask for something stupid.


"Jaris?"


"What's the fucking condition?" | snapped.


He hesitated. "Lyric. I want to leave with her."
###Chapter 207

JARIS


At first, I felt nothing, my mind numb. Then,a small laughter slipped through, followed by a bigger one.


"Lyric," I repeated, still laughing.


Then, just like a switch had been turned off, I stopped abruptly. "Why don't you tell me, which part of your brain has been affected? Is it terminal? Are you going to die? Oh, I hope you do die 'cause your brain is definitely tired of working."


"I'm serious," Caden said.


"And I was serious when I said I hope you do die."


A brief moment of silence, followed by an atmosphere thick wvith tension.


"| need her," he sighed. "I've been searching for her for years and didn't know she was your mate this whole time. I'm trying to make this as peaceful as l can. Hand her over, and you'll never hear from me again."


"Too bad that is never happening," I tsked."As a matter of fact, you're an asshole for even spitting this trash. How possible do you think itis that I'd gladly hand Lyric to you? You mention her name one more time, and I'll damn the stupid oath we took. I'll kill you,Caden."


"Oh, we both know you wouldn't," he chuckled."You'd have done it long before now, Jar, considering everything I've done. Same way I could've easily killed you to get you out of my way. We might hate each other, but the oath between us is stronger than that. It's too fucking hard to break."


If I clenched my hands any more fiercely, I'd likely rupture a few muscles.


I leaned my back against the wall of the window,brushing my fingers into my hair.


A different kind of rage ran through me from the fact that he was right. We've had plenty of time to kill each other. Eight years ago, I could've easily killed him instead of putting him to sleep. He could've also easily done the same when he regained his freedom.


But here we both were, at each other's necks.


"I don't ever wanna hear your voice, Caden.Especially not with Lyric's name. I mean it," I tried to keep my voice as calm as possible.


His voice was still icy when he spoke. "I'm trying to be the reasonable one here you know? For the first time, I'm promising to leave you alone. Are you willing to jeopardize your Kingdom for a woman you could get elsewhere?"


I laughed-a dark humourless sound. Gods, I wished he was here now so my claws could do some talking.


"If only you know just how far I'm working to go for Lyric, you wouldn't mention such nonsense."


There was a brief silence.



"You won't like my reaction if you deny me this, Jaris. Trust me, you wouldn't know what's coming. It's like nothing you've ever seen."



"And what my reaction would be?" | scoffed."Nothing will prepare you for it."


I dropped the call, angrily tossing the phone to the bed.



I put on some clothes and went out to check for Lyric. I needed to be sure that the asshole hadn't tried to reach her in some sort of way.


Knocking on her door, a weak voice answered."Who's there?"



Normally, she'd have come to get the door.


I opened the door and found her lying on the bed,covered with a duvet up to the chin. She was shivering, her face pale. An alarm went off in my head.


"Hey, what's wrong?" | hurried forward to sit on the bed. I touched her skin and frowned at how hot it was.


"Why didn't you tell me you were sick?" My tone was slightly scolding.


"I'm...fine." She adjusted herself so her head rested on her legs.


"Like hell you are. Why haven't you called anyone to check on you?"


"I have. They already gave me some treatments.Don't worry, I'll be fine in a couple of hours."


She had to speak slowly so I could hear her.


I forgot all about what I'd come to ask as l focused on taking care of her. I ordered the kitchen to make something hot for her, then I messaged her scalp until she fell asleep.


But even asleep, she was still shivering, making me damn worried. Did it have to do with the baby? Was she going to be fine?


My phone started ringing beside me. Marta. That was when I remembered the outing l'd been getting ready for her.


I cursed under my breath as I looked at Lyric's shivering form. There was no way I could leave her like this.



I ended the call and texted Marta, telling her we'd go out together some other time as I needed to take care of something. I told her to take a friend and go with the kids for now.



Not long after I sent the text, someone knocked rapidly on the door.


Luckily, they didn't wake Lyric up.


I went for the door and wasn't exactly surprised when I found Marta. I was just pissed.


"Seriously? She's the reason you're cancelling your plans with the kids?" She rasped.


"If you don't watch your tone with me, I'll have you thrown out of this place." "Oh, really?" She chuckled bitterly. "We planned this some days ago. You really think I don't have any right to be upset?"


"Lyric is sick. She doesn't have anyone to take care of her. So,I have to stay back."


Her gaze burned with increasing wrath. "And it hasn't occurred to you that she's probably faking this?She's doing this to ruin our plans!"


I pinched the space between my brows, already developing a headache from her nagging.


"Make the kids understand. We'll just go some other time. For now, I need to rest, and please, Marta, don't give me reasons to restrict you from this section of the house."



I stepped back in and shut the door.


****



LYRIC



It wasn't until the following morning that I felt better.I didn't even remember most of what happened the previous night as the medications helped me sleep a lot.


Jaris had spent the night with me, and I woke up with his arms wrapped around my waist, spooning me from behind.



A doctor came to check on me, then we had breakfast together. He had to leave to attend to some important matters, but before leaving, he strictly warned me not to attend to anyone for the day, promising to get me punished if I did.


I was bored during the day and called Maddy to follow me see a movie in the home theater.



She happily agreed to meet me in the room.


Walking there, Jace and I exchanged texts about Penelope. He'd gone to check on her this morning and told me the good news about her memories returning. She said she remembered meeting me when  I was pregnant and taking me in. But that was as far as the memory went. Sadly. At least, it gave me hope. Soon, there will be fully back and I'll know where my kids are.


I was close to the theater room when I spotted Xylon and Xyla approaching. I came to a halt, not liking the upset look on their faces. Who got them mad?


As they got close, I imagined how much I'd missed them. I missed playing with them, watching them argue and getting to settle them. I missed when they came to me for opinions and all. I didn't replace how important these kids have become to me until now.


"Hey!" I beamed. "How're you d-"


"Why did you stop daddy from coming with us yesterday?" Xyla threw at me, folding her arms.


I scoffed as I glanced around. Were they actually referring to me?


"What're you talking about, honey?" I crouched, my hands on my knees.


"Daddy was supposed to take us out to the movies.

You stopped him from coming with us. Why would you do that?!" Her voice rose a notch.


Xyla definitely had her father's temper.


"I didn't stop him, Xyla. I didn't even know you all had plans of seeing a movie.I mean-"


"Liar! You faked being sick so he could stay back and take care of you. You deceived him. Why would you do that to us, aunt Lyric?!"


My heart crumbled in a bitter ache. Gods, I've missed hearing them call me that name.


It suddenly made sense. Yesterday when Jaris took care of me, he had plans with the kids? Goodness, I had no idea! Why would he ruin it for my sake?


"You used to be nice to us," Xyla continued. "But mummy is right. You just want daddy for yourself.And you used us to get close to him."


"When you took care of me," Xylon's voice was calmer but hurt, his eyes dropping to the floor. "Was it to make daddy like you?"
###Chapter 208
LYRIC



My eyes widened like saucers, shock sizzling through me. What in Moon's name has Marta done to these kids?



"You should know you're special to me. If I had even the slightest idea that your daddy was supposed to go somewhere with you two, I never would've let him stay with me. I promise I didn't know. I'd never do anything to hurt you two."


"We don't believe you," Xyla folded her hands with a huff. "All this time, we thought you were good."


Taking Xylon's hand, she walked off.


I thought of going after them but was too weak to.Too heartbroken. What exactly did I do to deserve this? JARIS


My forehead crinkled in a fusion of disbelief and irritation as I read through the letter. It was the second one I was reading concerning this very matter, and the shock that filled me up could not be compared to nothing.


I dropped the letter when I finished and looked up at Kael to see he was just as disturbed as I was.



"This real? There was really a fight between them?"|asked.



"A very serious one. One of the guards ended up dead."



Since the late King's death, there had been some kind of arguments going on with few of the Alphas that we didn't know about. The news was just getting to me now that I became King.


Apparently, they have been disagreeing over certain things, and last night, two Alphas-one from the lower ranks and one from the higher ranks-got into a messy fight. One of their guards ended up dead.


It wasn't new for Alphas to disagree, but getting into an actual fight that drew the attention of everyone,as well as someone ending up dead, it'd gotten really serious.


The second letter I'd just finished reading was another Alpha from the low ranks complaining about the fight and how wrong the high ranking Alpha was.I didn't like how it was looking so far. Something needed to be done.



"Send a message out to all of them," I told Kael. "I want a meeting held this evening."







While I waited for the meeting and handled other things, Lyric returned from her movie with Maddy.Her eyes were sore like she'd been crying, making me wonder how tragic the movie was.



But then, she opened up to me and I knew it had nothing to do with the movie.


I was in disbelief when she told me about the kids having issues with her of late. She talked about them being pissed and accusing her of ruining our outing the previous night. I thought Lyric and the kids were always going to be good. What changed?


She started crying so hard as she narrated everything to me. It drove me insane to know Marta had obviously poisoned their minds. I was on the verge of sending for her but was held back by Lyric who wouldn't let me.



So,I consoled her instead, promising to speak to the kids later.



The Alphas arrived promptly for the meeting. I made sure everyone was seated in the hall before I made my entrance.


I'd never felt more animosity between the Alphas like the one I felt as I made my way to my seats. Most of them were glaring at each other, like they wanted nothing more than to claw their nails at their throats. And the worst part? It was between the higher and lower Alphas.

It was the first time there would be this sort of issue between the two ranks.


I took my seat, addressed them for coming and proceeded to call out the two Alphas involved in the fight.

"Care to explain why your misunderstanding has gotten to the point of someone dying?" From my voice, I let them know there would be repercussions for what they'd done.


The Alpha from the lower ranks-Jaxen-went first.


"That son of a mongrel has been biting more than he can chew," I didn't miss the way the referred Alpha grounded his teeth. "I'm sure every one of you is aware that one of my many successes is my second company-Aura House. My father purchased that company when his father abandoned it. My father made Aura House what it is today. Aura House had become so successful and was passed onto me which of course, I've been doing a great job like my father. Suddenly, this mongrel came from nowhere and has been insisting on repurchasing it. According to him, his father was foolish for selling it out in the first place, he thinks it's his birthright, and foolishly thinks he will handle it better than me.


"Now, of course, I turned down his offer, and the asshole had the guts to threaten me by saying shit like he's from a high rank, hence,he has the authority to revoke a sale made by his family.What the hell?"


I leaned back in my seat as the other Alphas weighed in on the topic.


"But he's not exactly lying," another Alpha from a high rank said. "As a high-ranking Alpha, he could actually revoke a sale. At least, he's promising to refund you triple of the money your father has paid for the purchase."


"Yeah, and reap off everything I'd worked so hard for? Not even in your fucking dreams."


I pinched my brows as the argument rose. Honestly, I didn't know what our forefathers were thinking when they made these stupid rules between the two ranks.They were so obsessed with power that even as Alphas, they still wanted some of the Alphas beneath them.


Yes, a high-ranking Alpha had the right to revoke a sale, but it didn't make sense for Jaxon to hand over the company he's worked so hard for.


I'd planned on slowly demolishing the ranks over time, but with this issue on ground, I honestly didn't know what to do right now. Who was I to support?
###Chapter 209
JARIS



The argument lasted for sometime with people from the low ranks throwing words against the high ranks.When I'd had enough, I signaled them to stop talking.


"Miguel," I called the high-ranking Alpha involved."You do realize that Jaxen's family worked hard for this company, don't you? If the roles were reversed and you had to give it up-something you've worked so hard for-would you be happy about it?"


He shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "My King, I perfectly understand your point. And truly, a part of me feels bad that I'm taking this from him. But it's my inheritance. Mg father was a clueless man who didn't know how to work hard for something, and instead,gave it away. Now I want it back. I even told Jaxen he has the right to demand for something higher if he doesn't like what I'm offering. I think I'm being considerate enough."


"Oh, fuck you and you considerations, Miguel," Jaxen spat. "You're not getting a thing that belongs to me!Over my dead body!"


"Why do we even have this ranks dividing us?" A low-ranking Alpha said. "I mean, were all leaders here.Why can't we all be equal?"


"I bet you wouldn't say this if you're on the high side,".someone snickered.


A full-blown argument ensued from this, one that caused me a migraine.


"Enough!" I hit my hand on the table, shutting them up. "Alpha Jaxen, Alpha Miguel, I've heard your complaints. Now I'll need some time to go over this and come up with the best solution. So, I'll implore you, go home and wait for me. No more bloodshed,otherwise, the consequences will be immediate."






The meeting finally came to an end, but the burden was not lifted off my shoulder. Coming up with a solution would be difficult. If I were to do the right thing, then it was only right for Miguel to reclaim the land. But in what world was that fair?



My head was aching.I needed Lyric.


I went for her room but couldn't find her in. Tried calling her line, only to discover it was left in the room.Where did she go without her phone?


I started making calls, trying to see if anyone knew where she was, but nobody was with her.


These days, I tend to act irrationally whenLyric was involved, especially when there was even the slightest chance she might be in danger.


Information reached me from the gate that they'd seen her driving out. I didn't waste any time as l headed out, driving in my car to look for her.


Jace and Kael joined in the search in a separate car,but apparently, we didn't even need to go far. We found her seated by the roadside, in a bus station. I alighted the car and ran to her, my heart hurting from the steep descent of deep relief.


What the hell was she doing out here?! Wearing something this light in this weather?!


****+



LYRIC


I sprang to my feet when I saw Jaris approaching.How did he find me so fast? I was really hoping l'd spend some alone time here.


"Hey," My voice came out fragile despite my effort.


"What're you doing here, Lyric? Why didn't you take your phone with you, at least? Do you know how worried I was?" He snapped as he looked around, as if looking for any sign of danger.


"I'm-I'm sorry," I shook my head, my eyes dropping to the floor. "I didn't think you'd be done with the meeting so soon."


He gave me a long stare and seemed a little calm.


"Why are you out here alone? It's late."


My heart ached from the recollection of the incident that led me here. Just thinking about it brought tears to my eyes.


Luna Isolde knocking on my door, her hateful eyes and venomous words, "It was a huge mistake letting you get mated to my son. I want you out, Lyric. Take your cursed child and leave!"


"Are you okay?" Jaris came closer,holding my arm.


I tried to force a smile. "Of course. I just wanted to get some air. I was... honestly bored of being there alone."


"You should've sent me a message, then. All you had to say was 'hey, Jaris, I'm kinda lonely she feel like I'm dying without you." Sure, I'd have come running."


I burst out laughing.


He helped me sit back on the bench, then sat beside me. We spent some time together, talking and laughing about the commonest things. When he noticed I was cold, he dashed to his car where he got a sweater and handed it to me.


The sweater smelt like him-just as I liked.



I held it tight around me, unable to contain my smile each time I sniffed it.


Something in me told me to enjoy every bit of this moment. This happy moment with the man I love.Because somehow, people like me were never lucky in love.



****



JARIS



When Lyric and I returned to the Pack House later at night, I checked on the kids and was relieved to know they were still awake-even if they should be deep asleep by now.



I dismissed their nanny so | could have some alone time with them and started the conversation about Lyric. "Have you forgotten so soon that she used to be your friend? Your favorite aunt? What changed?She's never hurt either of you, has she? You don't get to hate someone only because your mummy said they're bad. Do you understand?"


They were quiet during the entire conversation but looked really guilty.


I went to bed, hoping for a change. But unfortunately I woke up to very disturbing news.


There was an attack just last night, and one of the Alphas were dead.Alpha Miguel.
###Chapter 210 
LYRIC



Things were about to get messy.


Here I was, baking some cookies for the kids just before the news of Alpha Miguel's death reached me.


Jaris was very furious and set to fly out to the Alpha's pack. Last night, he'd given me a highlight of what the problem was. Now, with the high-ranking Alpha dead, it wasn't looking good, especially.with Jaxen being the suspect.


I intended to go with Jaris and decided to quickly serve the cookies to the kids before getting ready.


Fortunately, their problematic mother wasn't in when I entered, only their nannies. Jaris told me he'd managed to speak with the kids last night and was even the one that suggested giving something to them this morning. They were getting ready for school and all stopped to look at me when l entered.


"Hey!" I beamed, ignoring how hurt I was from the fact that they didn't come to hug me like they normally would. "I trust your nights were good?"


They didn't say anything, but they also didn't try to push me off either, which was a very good sign.


"I made your favorite cookies. Trust you'll enjoy taking it to school. But I must warn you, the sugar is very minimal. Just let me know if you'll prefer more sugar next time."


I dropped the tray on their table. They still didn't say a word to me.



Shrugging,I turned around to leave.


"Thank you, aunt Lyric," I heard that small familiar voice just as my hand wrapped around the knob.


I stopped in my tracks, turned around and released a bright smile at Xylon. "You're welcome, honey."


I left the room feeling like I was floating.


****



Jaris was so angry I was so scared of talking to him.So,I slept off the entire flight.


His gentle tap woke me when we reached our destination.



"I told you to stay back 'cause this might be stressful. You just don't listen," he scolded lightly.


"Someone needed to be here to stop you from ripping some heads off," I yawned sleepily.


Alighting the plane, I perceived the smell of something strong-like chicken soup. It was so hard to resist.


"I think we need to check out the restaurant," I turned to Jaris with puppy eyes.


We might be here for something gravely important,but there was no way I was leaving this airport without having a taste of that soup.


"We don't have time for this," he tried to object.


"Don't worry, you could just leave me behind and I'll catch up with you. But make no mistake, I'm not getting out of here without tasting that soup."


Of course, Jaris couldn't abandon me. He followed me to the kitchen where we grabbed the soup before proceeding to our location.I ate in the car.


By the time we reached the late Alpha's Pack, I was done eating and in my sober mood. The entire Pack was gloomy and filled with so much sadness.Nothing like I'd seen before.


It was enough to make me regret eating the soup l just had, because now | felt like throwing up.


*****



JARIS



I showed Lyric a place to sit and wait for me while myself and my men went in to see the body. Bodies, actually.


Miguel and nine other of his men had been killed.


The sight filled me with fresh rage and the need to rip someone's head off. Miguel hadn't just been killed; he'd been brutalized. Same with his men.


From the report I got, after returning from the meeting last night, he stopped by his favorite bar to get some drinks. It was on his way home the attack occurred.



Miguel was a strong man from a strong Pack. For them to have been overpowered, their attackers must've come in large numbers. Unfortunately,there were no survivors or witnesses. So, we didn't even know who was responsible.


But how convenient that he ended up dead during this dispute with the company?


I'd summoned the other Alphas to the Pack. Some of them were already there before | arrived, while some arrived after me. I stayed on the lookout for Jaxen, and the moment he showed up, I went to him.


"Greetings, My-"


"What did you do?" | interrupted him, forcing him to grasp the gravity of the moment. Someone else might actually have to die here.


He glanced at the bodies behind me, then back at me. "Please, King Jaris, I hope you're not trying to insinuate that I had something to do with this?"


"Why don't you tell me, Jaxen? Shortly after the meeting, he ends up dead. Do you, perhaps, have a friend that would help kill him for you?"


"| didn't kill him!"


"Easy for you to say when there are no witnesses.However,with him gone, there's no one to drag the company with you. How very convenient."


"King Ja-"


"Enough talking!" A defeaning silence filled the room.


Damn it, I needed someone to pay for this. I wished there was enough evidence so I could hold someone accountable.



I hated people getting away with murder.


"Henceforth, Jaxen," I stepped closer to him. "Your company-Aura House-will be shut down until further notice."



"What?! You can't do that!"



I chuckled. "Why don't you try to stop me?"


"King Jaris, please! Why don't we bury the dead and stop trying to accustom blame?!"


His words struck a wrong nerve, making me want to hit him in the groin. Oh, the son of a bitch.


"You should be lucky I'm not completely shutting the place down. For now, these deaths will be investigated. And if you're found guilty, Jaxen, the company will be the least of your worries." I walked out, going to meet Miguel'sfamily.


＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC



Jaris and I had to spend some time with the bereaved family and left in the evening. But his mood was still a mess.


"I become King and suddenly, a lot of bad things are happening," he grumped on the way home.


I really hoped my secret being exposed wasn't one of the 'bad things.


When we reached home, I followed him to his room,helped him take off his shirt and led him to sit on the bed.


"Why don't you take a deep breath for me?" | cooed as I began massaging his shoulders.


He took a deep breath, showing me how much he needed that touch.



I smiled and continued with the process for a while until he was calm enough.


"Would you like to shower with me?"|asked.


"Of course."


"Well, that won't come easily. I need to be sure you won't try to attack me or something in the bathroom."


He laughed. "Don't be silly, Lyric. I could be burning the entire world and you can be sure I won't lay a single hand on you."


Excitement fluttered through me like a thousand tiny wings.


We showered together, and had sex too-of course.


I had to go to my room to get a sleeping outfit, then return to his for a sleepover.


I was opening my door when I heard footsteps behind me. Just as I turned, something hard connected with my face. A stick.


My vision turned dark as a pained grunt escaped me, followed by an explosion in my head. The hit came again-twice-until I was forced to my knees.


"Stop!" I cried out, holding my hand out to Luna Isolde who was holding the stick.


The shock and pain was too much for me.


Blood dropped from my head to my face, and the floor.



I tried to scream but my throat was clogged.


With the collar of my shirt, she dragged me into the room and closed the door.



"You should've left when I warned you to. Did you really think I'd stand by and watch him fall for a Siphon?" She scoffed. "Your kind will always be forbidden in our land. Since he doesn't want to see the truth, I'll help him get rid of that curse in your womb!"



"No... please!" I weakly held my hand up, the other hand flying to my belly in fear. "Help!" I thought I could scream, but it was futile and sounded like a joke.Nobody could hear me in this situation.


It was a struggle staying awake when all I saw was red and it felt as though I was drowning. I feared I'd truly die.


She kicked me in the chest, making me lie on my back. My hand still wrapped protectively around my tummy.


"Please," I whimpered."My baby..."


But she didn't listen. She hit me on the tummy with the stick, repeatedly, ignoring my cry of pain. Until the whole thing was too much and I passed out.
###Chapter 211
MARTA


Her anxiety climbed higher like a steep heel when one of the men called her.


"Please, tell me you have something good for me,"she said with optimism.


"Yes, ma'am. We were able to find one relative of Penelope.Her sister."



Marta's eyes widened as the hairs on the back of her neck bristled. "A-Are you serious? Where does she live? You need to check if Penelope is with her."


"Her name is Cora. We just got her address and will be keeping a tab on her to know if she's heard anything about Penelope."


"Good. You cannot miss this up. Not this. Do you understand?" "Yes,ma'am."


＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC



"Lyric!"


"Oh,gods! Lyric!"


"What the fuck!"



"How could you do this?"


There were too many voices. All distorted. I couldn't make out which belonged to who or what was even happening.


My eyes were still closed, my head aching, same with my abdomen. It hurt all over, and the distorted voices around me weren't making it any better.


"Lyric! Wake up!" Someone shook me roughly. They sounded urgent.


Despite the intense pain, I forced my eyes open.The memories came flooding me as I did. Luna Isolde. My baby.


Oh,gods,my baby.


My eyes opened fully as I looked around, fresh horror gripping me. The room was filled with people. Jaris,Marta, Kael and Nerion, Jace, some guards, maids and even the nannies. They all looked shocked.Some were crying. Some screaming.


Were they acting this way because of me? Was my condition that bad?


Jace was kneeling beside me, his bloody hands digging into his hair, pulling at his roots.


"Fuck, Lyric! Why did you do it?" His voice was filled with so much pain.


I didn't understand. Why did I do what?


I looked at Jaris again. That was when I realized he looked pale. His eyes were bloodshot red, but they were filled with a certain kind of shock.



He wasn't close to me like Jace was. Why was everyone this way? Did I lose my child?


I was too weak to sit up, but at this point, I had to force myself to see what was going on.


I managed to, my head still wobbly from the hit. The first sight I caught was that of blood between my legs.My eyes widened in horror. A ball of fear formed in the pit of my stomach, crawling upward until it burst out as a scream from my throat.



Blood.



My baby!


Another sight in my peripheral caught me and I had to look. There was a body on the floor, just a few steps from me.



It was Luna Isolde.



Time seemed to stop.


I froze, my eyes zeroing in on her.


She was...dead? No.



I looked away and shook my head, trying to replay the incident in my head. She attacked me and kept hitting me until I passed out. How was she dead?Who killed her?


Maddy was kneeling beside her, crying her eyes out.My heart raced in my chest as a strange fear struck me so hard. Suddenly, Maddy looked at me, her eyes red with tears.



"You killed my mother!" She yelled at me. "How could you?! Why?!"


I'd never been more confused in my entire life. Was this a dream? Or was I hallucinating as a result of the repeated hits?



I looked at Jace, silently demanding an explanation.He shook his head disappointedly, his hands still in his hair.


"What happened, Lyric? Were you two in a fight?Why did you kill her?" He asked me. I managed to shake my head. "I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't kill anyone."


"You siphoned her!" Maddy yelled. "How could you kill the Grand Luna? How could you kill my mother?"


What?



A sharp pain struck me in the abdomen, causing me to shut my eyes and grunt. Jace quickly wrapped his hand around mine.


"I didn't kill her,". I whimpered in a fragile voice.


How could I when l'd been unconscious? I was the victim here!


"Oh, you didn't? How do you explain this, then?"Maddy took up her hand, showing me the nail marks on her wrist.


Now the whole thing really looked like a dream.Because right now, it appeared she'd been killed by a Siphon. But there was no way it was me.I passed out while she was hitting me and only regained consciousness. How could I have siphoned her when I was unconscious?



"It doesn't make any sense," I shook my head, tears beginning to fall.


I threw my head back and let out a painful grunt. My entire body ached.


"We need to get her to a doctor. Please!" It was Jace.


I whimpered as I looked at Jaris. A painful realization hit me. His mother was dead. And they all believe l did it.



"Jaris..." I called with a wavering tone.


But his eyes remained empty. He didn't even look like he was here. Gods, I'd never seen Jaris look this way before.



"Please," I threw my head back on the floor."She attacked me. My baby... I didn't do it. I passed out."|didn't even know if I was making any sense. I just kept the words coming as much as | could.


"How did you have the heart to siphon my mother?" Maddy rose to her feet, her eyes still wet with tears."Were the Executioners right all along? Did we make a mistake keeping you with us?"


Sharp pains shot through me. I couldn't tell if it was from the physical wounds or the one coming from my heart.



Everyone looked at me like I was a curse. They were all terrified of me.


"I'm taking her to the clinic. She's in pain," Jace said as he wrapped his arms around me.


"I didn't do it," I uttered weakly. "Please.. I didn't do it."



Jace carried me in his arms and ran for the door.


As we passed Jaris, I tried to touch him. But he was still too far away. He wasn't even looking at me but kept his eyes on his mother's corpse.


"Please..." Please, believe me. I didn't do it. I'd never hurt you this way. I tried to stay awake. I needed to beg them to believe me. But the soon was too much, and so was the urge to fall asleep.


I gave in when I couldn't resist any further.
###Chapter 212
LYRIC


I woke up some hours later in a clinic. The pain had subsided and made me realize the full impact of my situation.


Instantly, I didn't think about the Luna or the people blaming me. My mind was too carried away by the blood I'd seen between my thighs.


"Hey," I heard Jace's familiar voice, followed by the feel of his hand.


That was when I realized he was sitting next to me.


There was no light in his eyes. Just plain sorrow.


"My baby," I quickly tried to touch my tummy, only to realize I couldn't move my hands.


I glanced down and to my horror, my hands were cuffed on both sides of the bed. No. There's no need for this. They couldn't do this to me.



"You need to calm down, Lyric," Jace said as l struggled with the cuffs.


"Where's the doctor?" I was panting heavily."My baby. Is it okay? I need to-"


"You need to rest for now."


"Talk to me, Jace! There was so much blood. My baby-"


"You lost the baby."


Silence.



A strong painful one.


That was what I felt deep in my head as his words settled.



I lost the baby. Which baby?


I looked at him, brows furrowed.


"What baby? What're you talking about?" He lowered his head, trying to hide the pain I just caught a glimpse of.


"Jace, you need to talk to me. What baby?!"


But he still wouldn't look at me.


It suddenly became difficult to breathe. Before I knew it, I was panting heavily.


My head dropped back on the pillow as I closed my eyes and tried to calm myself.


He's talking about another baby, Lyric. Not yours.It couldn't have been yours.


I heard someone calling my name, followed by my shoulders being shook. But I couldn't tell who it was as I focused more on calming myself, the voices sounding muffled.


Oh, gods. I can't breathe. I can't breathe.


"Lyric!" The voice was louder now, followed by a hard slap on my arm. It was Jace. Was I having a panic attack? "Stay with me. Open your eyes."


I did. But his face was soon blurred by the tears that came flooding down.


"Please, don't tell me it's mine," I sobbed. "Tell me my baby's okay. Please."


I wanted to hold my belly but couldn't as my hands were cuffed. I couldn't do anything!


I burst out screaming and crying. Jace stood up and held me, but there was only little his touch could do.


I lost my child. Again. Why was this always happening to me? How can one person be so unlucky?


Why wasn't I strong enough to defend myself and my child? Why did I always attract enemies to myself?Why always me?






My head ached from how much l'd cried. Yet, I couldn't stop.


It felt like the world was ending, and honestly,I wish l could die.



"We need to talk about your life, Lyric," Jace said with a gloomy reflection. "The news of what you did has gone viral. Some people are mad at you for killing the Luna. Although, some seem to understand that you did it because she attacked you. But you know...they've always been scared of you using your Siphon powers against people."


"She's the reason my baby's dead," I said through gritted teeth. Right now, I couldn't care less that she was dead.



"I know. If it were anyone else, I'm sure the people wouldn't have minded. But she's Jaris' mother. Plus they think she didn't deserve to die when she wasn't trying to kill you. They didn't even know for sure if she was the one who attacked first or you did and she only defended."


I looked at him in disbelief, my mouth parting."Y-You know me, Jace. I'd have never-"


"Of course, I know you. It's just the people having different opinions."


"I didn't even kill her!" I glanced up at the ceiling."Why does everyone think I did? I passed out after she hit me repeatedly and woke up to see she was dead."



"But...she was killed by a Siphon, and you're the only Siphon we have around, Lyric."


"But I'm telling you, I didn't kill her!"


"Okay. Do you think someone used your fingers when you were unconscious to do it?"


I shook my head. "No. You can't use your wolf powers if you're unconscious, can you? It goes both ways. My powers are inactive when I'm unconscious.I didn't do it."


Jace's face fell as his brows furrowed in thought.


"If a Siphon really killed the Luna, then I'm telling you, it wasn't me. We have another Siphon in here."


I pulled on my cuffs again. "I need to get out of here. Please. I need to speak with Jaris."


Remembering the look I'd seen in his eyes was pure torture. He'd been so hurt. He may not have had the best relationship with his mother, but I was sure she meant something to him.


"I'm sorry, Lyric, but I'm not sure you can see Jaris.No one has been able to see him since he went to his room."



"He's hurt," I whimpered. "He thinks I killed his mother. I didn't. I'd never do that to him."


"| understand-"



"I need to get out of here, Jace.My baby..."


But there was nothing Jace could do as he told me there were guards stationed just outside my door to make sure I didn't try to escape. I was doomed either way.


How did everything turn so bad? The more the clock ticked, the more I lost the will to fight. What was there to fight for, anyway when I was always a loser?


Even when four guards came over and took me away from the room, I couldn't fight them. I didn't do anything as they led me to a cell and locked me up.


With my hands no longer chained, I clutched my belly, mourning my loss. Why did I always have to be so unlucky with kids?


For a full day, I was alone in the cell with Jace the only visitor I had. We couldn't touch each other as the bars separated us.


"Has anyone been able to reach Jaris? Can you tell him I want to see him?"|asked.


But he told me Jaris has still refused to see anyone since the incident. It killed me to know he was hurting and didn't have anyone with him.


"I think you need to worry more about yourself,Lyric," Jace said. "According to the law, you'll have to be punished with the death penalty for what you did.This is killing the people's trust in Siphons. Honestly,I wish this didn't happen because it's ruining a lot of things we were happy had been built."


"Well, I didn't do it, Jace!" I snapped. "I'm the victim here! The Luna attacked me and made me lose my child. I don't understand how she's dead, but I didn't kill her! Do you understand me? I didn't!"


I was tired of hearing the subtle blame in his words.When would they understand that I was the victim in all of this?


The following day, someone else came visiting. But knew it couldn't be good since it was Maddy.
###Chapter 213 
LYRIC


My heart hurt all over from having her in front of me.She looked at me with so much hurt in her eyes, like l was nothing short of a stranger.


"Maddy," I called softly, holding onto the bars.


She wouldn't even come close to the cell but kept a safe distance, as though it was possible for me to touch her through the bars.


Seconds passed. She didn't utter a word to me.


"Maddy... I didn't do it. Please, you have to believe me."


Her expression remained vacant, as though she was staring at a blank wall.


I was starting to get worried when she finally scoffed.

"Remember that day at the kids' birthday party? In the restroom where you killed that Executioner?"


She stopped for a fleeting moment. "You heard footsteps.Someone had been watching you."


She paused again, and this time, it ticked in my brain.My lips parted in shock.


" was shocked, you know? For a moment, l'd contemplated talking to someone about it. But then,I thought to myself-it's Lyric. She's not that dangerous. I mean, she's one of the sweetest people I know."



Her eyes darkened. "How wrong and foolish I.was.My mother had been right when she said your kind should never exist among us."


I lowered my head, trying to digest her story. So,it had been her? It explained why the person never confronted or exposed me.



"I know my mother's not a saint. I mean, I've had much fair share and know she could be sick in the head sometimes. But did you really have to kill her, Lyric? How could you use your powers on one of us?"


"I didn't kill her," I sniffled.


"Then, who did?! She was killed by a siphon! Has there been any Siphon aside you?"


"I-I don't know! But I'm telling you1, I didn't kill her.I don't know who did"



She chuckled, wiping a tear from her face. Gods,they didn't believe me. Why won't they believe me?


"It hurts to see you behind bars, you know?" She sniffled. "You'd been such a good friend. But know what hurts even more? The fact that I'm never going to see my mother again."


She turned around, walking away.


"You aren't the only who lost someone, you know?I lost my child as well!" I shouted after her, bringing her to a stop. "Everyone keeps talking about. the death of the Luna, but what about my baby? She killed my innocent child simply because she didn't like me. Is that fair?" She gave me a long stare. "Is that why you killed her?"


"No. But I can't say I feel sorry she died."


Shock glinted in her eyes, but I couldn't bring myself to care anymore. They couldn't keep blaming me for something I didn't do without acknowledging the fact that the Luna had committed murder as well.


Maddy opened her mouth to say something, but for some reason, she just shook her head and walked away.


＊＊＊＊十



JARIS



I stood with my arms crossed, watching with the rest of the people as the offenders were brought forward.I'd rather be in my pack, enjoying the confines of my room like I'd been doing for the past one week. How unfortunate they had to drag me out to this place.


The three offenders were dropped to their knees in front of me, their hands chained to their backs. They all looked at me like I had their lives in my hands, and that I did.


"I'm sure you're all aware of the reason you've been brought here?" I began, my voice was bored as a monotonous drone echoing in a silent room. "You've been committing wrecking havoc on the people,something you've all been explicitly warned not to.Perhaps," I soaked around them. "my words are suddenly considered a joke."


"Never, my King!" One of them said with his head bowed. "What happened was a misunderstanding.They stepped on our toes; it's only right that we fight back."


"They think that as wolves from a higher rank,they're allowed to mess with usand get away with it."


I was seriously tired of hearing the same story. The lower ranks feeling intimidated by the higher ranks and using it as an excuse to attack them. It was dumb.



"So, that's enough reason to start a fatal fight?" | cocked my brow. "You're aware that four innocent people died from the fire, right?"


They lowered their heads in obvious shame. I stopped walking behind them.


"You'll have to face the penalty; my judgement."


Without hesitation, I plunged my hand into the chest of one from behind. A horrified scream filled the air as I wrenched his heart free and his body dropped to the ground.



| continued, pulling out the heart of the second one.His body dropped to the ground as well. The third offender tried to run, but it was useless since he was in chains.I pulled his heart free as well.


"No!!! Banas!!!" Someone dropped to her knees,crying for one of the corpses.


Shocked gasps rippled through the space, some of the women even stepping away.


Holding out my hand to Kael, he placed a napkin in it with which  I wiped the blood off. Then, I proceeded to the car.


Nerion was already in the driver's seat, and Kael joined me in the backseat. I already expected his words based on the judgy look he gave me.


"You shouldn't have done that, you know? That was a little too far."



I pulled a magazine from my seat and pretended to be interested in the pages.


"Do you have a better judgement, Kael? Maybe you should talk to the people to make you King," I said without even looking at him or feeling the slightest bit of guilt for not filtering my words.


He shook his head before staring out the window.I honestly didn't know what his problem was. A lot of people have been getting on my nerves lately. It was time someone paid.


Nerion started the car and we began our journey to the airport.


"| think you need to talk to her," Kael suddenly said a while later. "Maybe you'll think more rationally when you do."


My hands froze on the page I'd been reading, My blood feeling like it had thickened to molasses


My jaw clenched, but I forced my eyes to stay down on the magazine even if I couldn't decipher a single word on it.



Kael had the guts to press on. "You've been avoiding her for a week. Don't you think this is the reason you've been acting out? You don't seem to care about anything or anyone."


"Maybe I don't want to. Have you thought about that?" I snapped, my eyes glowering as I looked at him.


"Well, it's unlike you not to care even about the people closest to you. I don't think it's cool."


The more he spoke, the harder it was to control my rage.


"I can't remember making you my chief advisor, Kael So, why don't you just stop talking?"


He looked at me with annoyance but didn't say anything else. Infact, he avoided talking to me all through the journey home.






We arrived the Central Pack in a couple of hours,and despite my desire to go to my room, I was met with serious business.



The Elders were already assembled and waiting for me in the conference room. They organized a meeting for me, and in this case, I wouldn't be able to leave them hanging.


I made my way to the conference room, already feeling pissed that my rest was disturbed.


"We called you here for a serious issue, King Jaris;one we seem to be avoiding for a week," One of the Elders said after the formalities.



I already knew where this was headed, and my hands were beginning to form knuckles. Your mate. Lyric. You haven't made a decision about her yet," Lucas said.
###Chapter 214 

 JARIS



"I knew your mother very welI. She was fierce and so full of life. She was one of the best Lunas Darkspire ever had. It's unfair that her life gets taken from her like this."



"The people have grown more agitated knowing the Siphon is still around. They feel the Luna was unjustly killed by her and any of them could easily fall victim."


"She was warned never to use her powers wrongly.And clearly, she just did that. She shouldn't go unpunished!"



My head ached the more I listened to them. For some reason, I wanted to growl at them, claw at their necks and rip their hearts out for bringing this conversation.


I hated it. I hated it so fucking much! "That's enough talking," I cut one of them off, hoping my irritation wasn't too obvious. "I understand your concerns, but I need you to know that I have things under control. Lyric will definitely be punished for what she did."


"When?" Someone dared to ask. "She's been locked up for a week now. What if she escapes?"


I pinched my brows, my emotions getting harder to control.


"King Jaris," Lucas adjusted in his seat. "We understand how this may be difficult for you.Actually, if we were in your shoes, we'd also find it hard passing judgement on our beloved. We pity you in all of these. Which is why we've come up with the best solution. We've decided to hand her over to the Executioners."



An alarm sounded in my thoughts, crisp and frigid.


My glare was sharp as I looked up at Lucas, wild thoughts running through my mind.
Hurt him. Hurt him. Hurt him. My subconsciousness screamed at me.



But another Elder spoke. "It wasn't easy coming up with this decision, My King. Lyric used to be a sweet woman.But we've gotten to see how dangerous she can be as well as the reason her kind was forbidden in the first place."


"I'd suggest we act fast before more of her people come to save her. You know a group of Siphons are unbeatable."


"We'll be taking a vote now to see those who are interested in this motion," Lucas said as he raised his hand. "If you're in support, can I see your hand up?"


I grounded my teeth when everyone on the table raised their hands. Not a single hand was down; not even Chairman Lyon who had been mostly quiet.


They lowered their hands and looked at me as though the final ball was in my court. Like there was much I could do now that they were all united on this judgement. The doors opened behind me. I was bowed over in disbelief when I turned and found the Executioners walking in. What the hell?!



Cole kept his triumphant eyes on me as he made his way forward.


"King Jaris," they all bowed.


My hands tightened further into fists.


"The Elders have keptus in the loop already, and need you to understand we only aim to mmake things better for everyone." He shrugged. "You know, I hate to say I actually warned you. Too bad you had to learn with the loss of someone important."



****



LYRIC



"The Executioners are here, Lyric. The Elders made an unanimous decision to hand you over to them,"Jace spoke in hushed worried tones from outside my cell My head was leaning against the wall from the floor where I sat, my finger drawing invisible lines on the floor.



"Lyric! Did you just hear a word I said?" Jace snapped.


I calmly looked at him. "I did. You just said I'm going to die."


"Why the hell are you feeling so unbothered about it?"



"Because nothing can be done, Jace. Jaris is never going to forgive me for killing his mother-even if I'm innocent. And the people will never trust me again.No one will be able to get me out of this. Besides,"my voice dropped to a mumble. "What's the point of living anyway?"



"Lyric, stop that. We need to get out of here. Don't you understand?"



"You can go on, Jace. Where can I possibly go? Of what use is it when my life is already a mess?" A short lull pierced the conversation.


"So, that's it? You're just going to give up? Is that how easy it is for you?" His words were coated with disappointment, but I didn't look at him. "I understand the pain of losing the baby, but you seem to be forgetting that you have two more kids, Lyric.So, what happens when Penelope regains her memory? Don't you care about your kids anymore?"


Now, that was one thing that struck me. I looked upward as his words registered in me.


He was right. I had two more kids I still hadn't met yet.


"What do l do, Jace?" I whimpered, a tear rolling down my cheek. "There's no way I'm getting out of here.We both know it."



"No. I promised I'd keep you safe. That's exactly what I intend to do. No matter what, Lyric, I'm getting you out of here."


＊＊＊＊十 JACE



He nervously paced the room, wondering when the door would go open.


From time to time, he'd go to the window to check if he was already in sight.


"Damn it!" He picked up his phone to call him. That was when the door opened and Kael made his way in.


"What the hell, man? I called you like thirty minutes ago," he grumped.


"I had a lot of things to take care of. I actually don't have much time here. What is it?"



Jace scoffed as he took some steps back. "Are you trying to tell me you're busy for me?"


"Come on, Jace. Let's not make this an issue, okay?I'm just telling you I'm having a really busy day. Now,what is it?"


Still upset, Jace ran his knuckles over his jaw. "I need your help," he sighed, knowing Kael was the only help he could get. "You should know what l need. I can't let Lyric be handed to the Executioners."


Kael exhaled. "Believe me, J, I've tried to talk with Jaris. He just isn't opening up to anyone."


"No, no. I'm not talking about Jaris. I know he won't be of much help. I'm talking about actually getting her out."



Kael said nothing, just kept his face blank as he pinned Jace with a stare.



"Please, you have to help me. We need to get her out."



"Really? You want me to help you break her out?" He chuckled. "You know, I knew this was the reason you called."



"Yeah. So, are you going to help me or not?"



"What you're asking is insane, J! You're asking me to betray Jaris." "No, I'm asking you to save an innocent lady from death."



"Please, you really need to stop with this who talk of her being innocent. A Siphon killed the Luna!"


"And I'm telling you, it wasn't her!"


"And you believe her? Simply because she said she didn't do it? Well, she's your best friend, you'll take her word any day. You know sometimes, I think you trust Lyric more than you do me."
###Chapter 215 
LYRIC



"Hey! Can you stop being a dumbass? Now's not the time." Jace shoved him on the chest. "Just so you know, I just don't trust her because she's my bestfriend. I trust her because I know who she is and know she'll never lie to me so blatantly. If she said she didn't do it, then of course, I believe her. And if you were in love with me, you'd believe me too."


A pressing silence filled the air as the two men continued to stare at each other in heated gazes.Until slowly, their rage began to dissipate.


"Lyric is a good woman," Kael shook his head. "I know. Okay? I actually like and respect her. But it's hard to believe when she's the only Siphon we've had, plus she had a good reason to kill the Luna.Either way, I don't know how I can help, Jace. I swore my loyalty to the King. Breaking Lyric out would be a blatant betrayal. I can't do that."


Disappointment clouded Jace's features. "Really?You won't do it even for me?"



"Jace, come on. Don't try to make this about us. You know I'd love to-"



"No, I don't know nothing!" Hle rasped, taking some steps back. "Yet, you dare to wonder why I'm so attached to Lyrc? It's because she understands the concept of love. If the roles were reversed, Lyric would've done anything for me. Too bad my best friend is more loving than the man I thought I was in love with."



He turned around.



"Hey! You don't get to say that! Do you hear me? You know I'd have done anything for you!"


But Jace didn't look at him as he continued goinig to the door.



"Jace, come on. We need to talk. Jace-" Jace's only response was the door opening and slamming shut.







Later in the day, he was in the garden, smoking quietly when Kael came. He simply glanced at him before looking away, taking a long drag from his cigar.


There was a brief silence between them until Kael threw a key at him.


"That's the spare key to her cell. I'll try to distract the guards when it's time so you can get her out. I'll also give you a map that'll lead you to the secret exits so you don't get seen by people."


Jace felt a surge of warmth in his heart as he picked up the key from the floor, then looked at Kael with gratitude.



"Hey-"


"You don't ever get to say such trash to me-ever again, Jace," Kael cut him off. "I'm not saying I'm perfect, but that doesn't mean you get to make me feel less of myself. Do you understand?"


"Yes. Yes. I'm so sorry. I swear, I was just mad and didn't mean what I said."



"I don't care if you meant it or not. Just let this sink in." He meandered into the distance.



＊＊＊＊十



JARIS



Unlike every other night when I'd been able to deal with my conscience, tonight was different and more complicated.


I was restless and couldn't stop pacing my room.


Everyone was waiting for my judgement, and unfailingly tomorrow, I'd have to give it to them.I always thought I'd be the kind of King who would have everything under control no matter the situation. Never did I think a situation would arise that would involve my mother being killed by my mate. It was unbearable. I needed to see Lyric.


Unable to control the urge any further, I left my room.The guards stationed at my door followed me immediately.


"My King, where are you headed?" One of them asked.



"To the cell."



I didn't even know what I'd say to her.For a week, I'd been avoiding 'cause I wasn't sure how l'd handle this moment.



Now, however, I couldn't hold it in anymore. I didn't know what tomorrow would bring. So,we needed to have this talk.



My steps faltered when I reached the cell and found the guards out on the floor. The guards with me rushed forward to check them.



Instantly, it dawned on me.


I hastened my steps to the cell where she was being held even though I knew it was toolate. As expected,the cell was open and empty. She was gone.


＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC



I kept my arms wrapped around me as Jace drove at a crazy speed. I couldn't stop looking in the rearview,afraid that someone might be after us.



We escaped a while ago and have already left the Capital City, but what if they've found my cell and there were people after us? It'd be worse if I got caught.


"You shouldn't be here," I said again, sniffling."You're putting yourself in danger. I told you,I can drive out myself."


"You really think you can survive being a fugitive on your own?" He snorted. "Trust me, you need me,Lyric."


"No, I don't need to drag you into my mess." I sniffled again. "For how long will you need to protect me? What about Kael? I-I mean, he helped you and you're just gonna abandon him?"


He said nothing. I turned to look at him as I wiped a tear from my face. "You didn't tell him you were going with me, did you? He's probably back there,expecting you to come back."


When he remained silent and focused on the road,I got my answer.


"You can't do this, Jace. It's bad enough that I ruined my life. I don't want to ruin anybody's." More tears rolled down my cheeks. They wouldn't stop running.



"Just stop, Lyric. We both know you're not upset about me and Kael."



I broke into more tears as the pain became unbearable. My hands shielded my mouth in a vain effort to silence my weeping.


"I didn't get to see him. For over a week I was there and he didn't even come visiting. He didn't care about the fact that I lost our baby." "Don't be like that, lyric. You know things were messed up for him."


"Well, things were messed up for me too! I could've lost my life while I was being abused by the Luna.Besides, couldn't he have heard my own side of the story?"


I leaned my head against the window as I wept some more. "I just miss him, you know? That night, we'd just showered together. I was-l was supposed to go get a change of clothes from my room, then go back to his for a sleepover before the Luna attacked me.She ruined everyone. She ruined my life!"


Jace's hand reached out to hold my hand, giving it a tight squeeze."Everything will be fine."


"It won't! Not when Jaris isn't here. Not when I lost my baby! Not when everything's so hopeless."


I dug my hands into my hair, pulling at my roots.Gods, I wished things were different. I wished Jaris was here right now and I didn't have to be in this car going away from him.
###Chapter 216 
LYRIC


Jace didn't stop driving until the sun was out. After long tiring hours, we finally arrived at the location he wanted.



It was a house in the outskirts of a town, surrounded more with bushes than people.


"This used to be my grandmother's," he explained as we approached the house. "I used to enjoy coming here for the holidays."


Doesn't look like anyone's been here in a long time-l wanted to tell him, but my tongue was too heavy to let any words out. I didn't know how to make basic communications anymore.


We didn't have any bags with us as we had left in a hurry. The only thing Jace had on was his phone and wallet. We entered the house which was quite spacious but very dusty. It looked like it'd been abandoned for years.


I coughed from some of the dust.


"Yup. We have a lot of work to do. Got to make it liveable."



Not minding the dirt, I sat on one of the couches.I was so tired and lost.


"You hungry, right?" Jace asked a while later. "I'll um...just head out and get something for us to eat."


He started toward the door.


"How long will this go on, Jace?" My words halted him at the door. "I'm sure they're probably looking for me by now. What if they notice you're also missing and start looking for the both of us? Who will run our errands for us, then?"


"We'll be fine, Lyric. Just trust me, okay? For now,let's focus on settlingin." He left before I could ask him any more questions.


But we both knew there was an elephant in the room.Being on the run in our world wasn't easy; not when we had too many resources. It was even worse since I was running away from the Capital Pack.


How far will Jaris go to find me?


＊＊＊＊十



JARIS


"How can she possibly go missing last night of all nights?" Cole grumped for the umpteenth time as we all stood in the passage. "Today was the day you were meant to pass your judgment. It was the day she was supposed to be handed to us. How did she manage to escape?"


"The guards are still looking for her," one of the Elders said.



"She must've been far gone from here, otherwise,they'd have found her already," Cole snapped. "You know, this is the reason l insisted on guarding her cell last night. I knew there was a high chance of something like this happening. But the King wouldn't let me." Now he directed his anger at me, even if he kept it subtle.


I'd been quiet the whole time because I knew talking would only make everything worse. How unfortunate that Cole was trying to flush my efforts down the drain.



"Well, Executioner, I hope you don't mind me not wanting someone like you near her cell where you could easily kiIl her and blame it on an accident."


"I'd have never done that, My King. I only wanted to ensure-"



"Well, she's gone now, and the only thing we can do is find her," I cut him off, already feeling irritated.


"Someone must've helped her," Elder Lucas said."The guards said their meal was spiked. Obviously,someone helped her with them, and also helped her with an extra key to her cell." 
I noticed Cole looking at Kael behind me. "Where is your boyfriend?"



There was a brief silence before Kael calmly replied."What does he have to do with this?"


"Well, he's her best friend. From what I saw, he's crazy over her and will do anything to protect her.I won't be surprised if he's behind this."


"Well, you're wrong. He doesn't know nothing about this."



"Why don't you leave that for us to decide,then?Where is he?"



"I don't know. If you want to see him, you go find him yourself."



"Enough of the accusations," I cut in. "Our target here is Lyric. I'll assign more people to look for her.For now, I need this meeting to come to an end."


I walked away, returning to my room where I could be alone. I needed to find her. Not because I wanted to hand her to the Executioners, but because I just wanted to see her.



How did she escape? How could she go away from me? I know I was an ass to her. I should've gone to see her. But shouldn't she understand how hard it was for me? My mother was dead! I didn't know how to face her without hating her. And gods, the last thing I wanted was hating Lyric.


How could I ever hate her when she meant the world to me? But how could I forget the fact that my mother was dead because of her? And now I have people mourning her loss and looking up to me to do the right thing?



＊＊＊＊十



PENELOPE



Penelope was deep asleep when she heard banging sounds on the door. It sounded like someone was trying to break into the house. Her sister wasn't home, and Penelope knew there was no way she'd be trying to break into the house when she had her key.


She sprang from the bed and got her claws out,ready to defend herself. But even she knew she looked like a joke. If there were a lot of people out there,Penelope knew she wouldn't stand a chance.


The sound of the door finally breaking open made her shudder.Could there be thieves? Or the people who tried to kill her?


She heard them run into the house. Realizing there were more than one,  she decided it was best to escape. She knew it wouldn't take long for them to find her in her room.



She dragged her phone from under the pillow and was about running out when she heard her sister's voice.


"Hey! Who are you guys? What're you doing here?!"


Penelope's heart stopped in her chest. She leaned toward her door and listened.



"Where is she?" A man asked.



"Where is who?"


"Your sister. You know what we talking about."


"No I don't. I don't know nothing about my sister.

Now get out of my house."


The next sound that followed was a gunshot.


Penelope screamed before she could stop herself.


No. No. No.



"I heard someone's voice. Check the room," she heard one of the men order.


Despite her distraught state, she knew she needed to start moving. She ran out of the room, headed to the library room where there was a door leading outside.



The men heard her running and followed the sound,but before they reached the laundry room, she was already out of the house.


They ran after her.


Penelope ran as fast as she could. Her sister's house was quite deserted, so there was no chance of seeing a cab around.


She ran into the woods, figuring it was easier to hide from the men.


She ran until she was panting heavily and feared she'd pass out.


She ran until the whole scenario looked too familiar.


Until she remembered being chased by some men before now.


She remembered why they were chasing her.


It definitely had to do with the kids she had given to Marta.



Yes. The kids she gave to Marta belonged to Lyric.


She had to stop running for a moment to catch her breath as she held onto a tree. She was breathing so heavily like someone that had fallen off a high tree.


Her memories were back.


The kids she had taken from Lyric were with Marta.This was the reason they were out to kill her.
###Chapter 217
JARIS



"How did she escape?" I was tired of hearing Maddy ask the same question over again. Unfortunately, she didn't know when to stop. "She was supposed to be sentenced yesterday. She couldn't have been able to escape without the help of someone powerful."


I pinched my brows, my elbows resting on my desk.


"You're barking at the wrong tree, Maddy. None of us know how she managed to escape. I'm tired of this conversation."



But the brat wasn't done. "Why haven't we been able to find her? It's been two days. The whole thing is looking like you not even putting any effort."


"Well, if you're that concerned, you should be out there looking for her." She paced the office, her hands on her thighs. This was the reason I didn't want to speak to anyone before now. I was tired of people bringing up stupid conversations.



"Are you sure you didn't help her escape?" Maddy halted in front of my table and asked. "I mean, I wouldn't be too surprised considering the fact that she's always had you wrapped around her finger. You loved that lady in a way that dlidn't make sense. You were ready to quit the throne for her, remember?"



Something cracked in my hand. I stared down and discovered I'd snapped my pen. Maddy looked at me in shock.



"You're getting on my nerves. Get out."



She blinked and the shock was gone. "Why don't you just tell me the truth, Jaris? Did you choose that murderer over justice for our mother?"



I didn't give her a response. It was pointless talking to someone like Maddy. "Fine. Keep mute all you want. But I want you to know we're going to find her, and she'll be greatly punished for what she did."


She started toward the door.


"She used to be your friend," my words made her stop."How did you just... turn against her in the blink of an eye?"


"Don't start with me, Jaris. I liked Lyric when we were good. But she killed my mother! Our mother! What was I supposed to do? Hug her and tell her she's loved?"



I held her gaze but said nothing.


"I need her punished for what she did. I'm not letting this go."


She stormed out of the office.



The door had barely gone shut for a minute when it opened again, revealing Nerion. He looked pissed.


"We have a problem, boss. There's been another fight between the ranks. This time, it's bigger."


That was all it took to snap the last shred of my control. I stood up with a growl, swiping things off the table to the ground.


It still wasn't enough. So, I picked up a vase and hurled it at the wall.


＊＊＊＊十



LYRIC


Jace and I have been here for four days. So, far,we've been surviving.


He goes out to get us food and any other necessities.



Time and again, I'd tried to get him to leave but he just wouldn't listen. I've lived the last four days in fear of him being caught in my mess. The Moon knew I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to Jace.



When I didn't have something to keep my hands busy, I thought of Jaris. The one man that was irreplaceable in my heart.


Jace had been able to get me scent suppressants so Jaris would never be able to smell me if we were close.


He'd hurt me by not coming to see me at all while l was locked up, but I couldn't even bring myself to be mad at him. I still loved and missed him and wished none of these had happened.


I stood by the window, thinking of him as I waited for Jace to arrive.



I stared down at the phone in my hand, wondering for the umpteenth time what would happen if I gave him a call.


Jace had managed to get my phone before we escaped. But it had been switched off since then as we didn't want anyone calling.


For the past four days, I'd asked myself what would happen if I actually gave Jaris a call?


I recalled all the timnes he took care of me and made me laugh. I thought of our bitter memories-all the times we fought, wvhen he made me cry, the times l thought I hated him.


Then, the sweet memories-the first time he kissed me, how he'd act like he didn't care yet was ready to burn down the world for me.


There was nobody like Jaris Dreadmoor, and none could ever take his place in my heart.


Slowly, my mind drifted from Jaris to the fact that Jace had stayed out too late. He leftabout six hours ago to get more provisions. He should be back by now.



I continued waiting for hours. When the clock struck midnight and he was still not back, I knew something was wrong.


I turned on my phone for the first time and called him, but his line was switched off.
###Chapter 218
LYRIC



I couldn't get any sleep the entire night, and until morning, he still wasn't back.


I was confused as much as I was scared. Something was definitely wrong with him. And the worst part?|didn't know what to do.



By noon, I decided to do something crazy. I had to call Kael. If Jace had been captured or something,Kael should know.



My hands shook as I listened to the phone beep.What if they manage to track my phone or something? Kael might've helped me escape, but it didn't mean he was going to keep covering my ass.


It didn't matter. I needed to know what had happened with Jace. The call was almost ending when Kael picked up.


"Lyric? Why are you calling?" He spoke in hushed tones.



"I'm sorry. It's-It's Jace. Has he been captured?"|nervously fumbled with my hair.


"What're you talking about?! Captured by who?"


Oh, gods. This only meant he wasn't captured. So,what happened to him?!



"Lyric? Talk to me!" He snapped.


"l-I don't know. He just... he went out yesterday to get some stuff a-and he isn't back yet. I don't know,Kael."


"Damn it. I knew this was a bad idea."


An uneasy pause lingered in the air while I processed the situation.



"Do you think the Executioners got to him? Maybe they think he helped me escape and they-" "That's a possibility. They were already suspicious of him."



"Oh, gods." I pulled at my hair in frustration as l started pacing the room.


"What do we do, Kael? They might be torturing him!"


I refused to imagine how terrible it must be. Jace helpless with them.What if they end up killing him?


"I'll try to get to them. See if they really took him."Unfortunately, Kael's words did little to calm me.l needed to know that Jace was fine, and I needed to know now.



"H-How soon can you get this done? You need to hurry,Kael."


"Listen, Jace used me, okay? He didn't tell me he was escaping with you. He didn't reach out to me or even take my damn calls. Now, this happened? A lot has been happening here as well, Lyric. Honestly, I wish we didn't have your issue to deal with."


His sentence gripped me. What else has been happening?


"I'm sorry, Kael, but I didn't want any of this to happen. I tried to get Jace to leave, he just wouldn't-"



My words were cut short when I heard a familiar voice in the background.


"Come on. We need to get moving."


Time seemed to stop, as did my heart.


I only heard it over the phone, yet it was enough to make me feel like he'd whispered it in my ears.


"I'll be with you shortly, King," Kael replied.


My eyes turned glossy as I imagined Jaris walking away. For the first time in over a week, he felt so close.


"I have to go. I'll call you as soon as I get something."Kael ended the call before | could say anything. Not like I had the strength to. Until the following day, Jace was still not back.


I was tired of crying and felt sick already. Kael had become unreachable. I couldn't help but fear that something terrible was happening beyond my knowledge.


I felt so alone and in the dark here. The world might be burning out there and I wouldn't even know.


There was no more food stuff at home. I'd been starving since morning and needed to go out there to find something to eat. Maybe I'd also get information on Jace.



Fortunately for me, he had left some cash behind.


I dressed up in a pair of black jeans, black hoodie and a face cap. Then, I left the house for the first time and kept walking until I came across the first store.


Jace would kill me if he knew I left the house. Well, it was night. Maybe nobody would see me.


I kept my head down as I walked into the store. It was a little filled with people, making me uncomfortable.Thankfully, none of them were paying attention to me.


I grabbed a basket, then proceeded to pick what l wanted from the shelves. I was as fast as I could be.


I noticed some men arguing around me. For a moment, I was scared they were talking about me.


Come on, Lyric; not everything is about you.


I tore my gaze away and proceeded to the counter to get my items checked.


"The weather's pretty cold, huh?" The man at the counter said.



"Yeah."



He focused on checking my items. Seeing that he looked friendly...


"Um... would you happen to have seen my friend the day before?"


He gave me a furrowed look. "A lot of people come in here, you know. You'd have to be a little more specific."


I went ahead to describe Jace.


" think he comes in a few times. He's quite funny.But I'm not sure I saw him two days ago."


Every shred of hope I had vanished into thin air.


"What? He suddenly went missing?"


"Yeah. Um....I just went to his place and couldn't find him. Don't know what happened."


"You should probably take up the matter,then."


I noticed movements in the store-people coming and leaving. I didn't fail to look at every one of them, and that was how I knew when they entered.


My blood turned to ice at the sight of the Executioners coming in. It was hard to miss a man like Cole.


I gasped and quickly looked away, wanting to hide my face from them. When I carefully looked again,l found them talking to some of the men in the store showing them a poicture. They were looking for me!


"Your total bill is fifty three bucks, Ms," the man said.


But I was barely listening to him.


"Ma'am?" He snapped my attention back to him.


"I'm-I'm sorry.I have to go."


I moved immediately, walking to the backdoor.


"Hey! Excuse me, Ms!" Someone called behind me,stopping me dead in my tracks.


It wasn't the attendant. It was one of the Executioners.



Hell,no!


"Can you turn around, please?"
###Chapter 219 
LYRIC



My hands shook at my sides, fresh fear eating me up.

I didn't wase any more time and started running.



I heard the chase from behind.



"Stop her! Get that lady!"



"Lyric!!!"


I didn't look back. I ran like my life depended on it-which of course it did. But there were too many of them.I feared they'd catch up with me in no time.


The streets were empty. I kept running.


Seeing that they could easily shoot me, I took a turn,going into the woods.


It felt like an eternity of running. If only I had a wolf,it'd have been much better. I was soon out of breath and needed to pause for a break, otherwise risk passing out. I hid behind an abandoned tree, saying a silent prayer in my heart that the Executioners wouldn't come this way.


I didn't want to imagine what they'd do to me if they laid hands on me. They might even kill me without taking me to Jaris and simply lie to everyone that I'd tried to attack them.



But who was I kidding? The Fates had never been entirely kind to me. It didn't take long before I heard their approaching footsteps.


"She must be close by. Check thoroughly." It' was Cole.



My heart raced the fastest it's ever had. I suddenly understood how people died of heart attacks.



I decided to glance back to see their position so l'd know where to ruin to. I gasped when I found one very close to me. Luckily, she hadn't seen me.


 
My panic increased. If I were to leave my hiding spot and continue running, they'd definitely see me,and judging from how close they were, they'd catch me in seconds.



I was doomed.


A strong wind blew past me. I looked to my side and almost screamed when I found Caden standing beside me.



What the...



My eyes wide open, I gave him a head to toe look like he was a ghost. What was he doing here?! How did he find me? How was he so fast?



Did he also...have the Super Speed like Jaris?


His eyes crinkled with amusement as he stared down at me.



"Hello, there. Long time no see." His voice carried mirth, like this whole thing was a fun game to him.


"I heard something! Over there," one of the Executioners said. I fearfully looked around before settling my eyes on Caden. What if he was here to make sure I got caught.


Their footsteps were getting closer. I had to run.


Before I could take a step, Caden snatched my hand.


"You'll definitely get caught, Ly." He shook his head in disapproval.


Why was he still talking!?


"Let me go...!" I tried to free my hand from his but it was useless.



At last, the Executioners caught up with us.



"Found her!"


At that moment, I nearly passed out. I was right!Caden was here to help them catch me.



However, to my dismay, he smirked. "Looking for someone? I'm sorry you'll have to find someone else.I need this one." Before I could fully grasp the moment, his hand wrapped around me, lifted me off the ground, and off we went, running through the air at a speed that no wolf could catch up with.






We came to a stop in a deserted place. I was sure it was far from where the Executioners could find us.


As soon as he set me on the ground, I stepped away and ran my hands along my skin, hoping to scrub away his touch.


"You're welcome," he scoffed, leaning against the wall.


I shot him a steely glare before muttering a "thanks."I might not like the guy, but he saved my life.


"How did you know I was there?"|threw at him.


"Well, in case you haven't noticed, a lot of people have been looking for you."


"And you were just smart enough to be the one  to find me?"



"Well," he shrugged. "Me and the Executioners. You should feel lucky we found you together."



I started walking away, but his hand shot out, holding mine. "Where are you going?"



"Home? Can you let me go?" I forced my hand free form his.



Saving me didn't make him less of a monster to me.It didn't make me suddenly forget all he had done and was likely going to do.



"You don't have a home, Lyric. It isn't safe," he told me the harsh truth.



"Well, what do you want me to do? Live off the streets until the Executioners find me? And what the hell do you care?"


He sighed. "You should stay with me. You know you'll be more than safe in my place. None of those people would even dare to-" "Are you being serious?" I scoffed, giving him a head-to-toe stare like he was ridiculous. "You expect me to believe you actually care and come live with you? Have you gone nuts,Caden?"


"lf I didn't care, I wouldn't have saved you minutes ago."


I bobbed. "Maybe you do care. But because I'm a Siphon, isn't it? You looking for a way to turn me into a tool."



"Don't be ridiculous. If I wanted to make you a tool,I'd easily abduct you."


"Well, thanks but I don't want your help, Caden.I appreciate you saving me today, but please don't expect me to give you a hug for it."


I attempted leaving again, but he walked around and got in my way. "Come on, Lyric. I'm only trying to protect you."


"And I'm telling you to stay away from me! Please, I don't need your protection!" The words finally seemed to sink in 'cause he didn't take another step toward me. So, I left.


****+



I didn't have any intention of staying in the house.With the Executioners in the city, I knew it was only a matter of time before they found me.


But I couldn't just run off without anything.I needed to take my clothes and some personal things from the house.



It was night by the time I reached. I kept looking around as I made my way into the house. What were the odds of the Executioners finding this very house?


I hurried into the bedroom where | started gathering my things and cried in the process. My life was fucked up. Where would I possibly go from here?


I didn't know a single person in the country that would want to be of help to me. I couldn't even go to my father as I knew the guards and Executioners would be on the lookout for me. Here, I was packing my bags without knowing a single thing about my next location. I just knew l needed to leave this place.


I rounded up the packing and made my way to the living room. That was when a frost settled over my soul.


My bag slipped from my hand as I froze at the door.In front of me were the Executioners-a sight that shouldn't be possible. How in Hell's name were they here? I didn't hear them come into the house.
###Chapter 220
LYRIC



"Lyric Harper," Cole called with a cold smile, leaning casually against the wall. "How delighted we are to see you."



I wanted to take a step back but couldn't. That would make them chase me; and I knew they were definitely going to catch me.


"I told you we should check the house," a female said with a taunting smile.


"Yeah, forgive me for doubting you, Niyahn. I didn't think she'd be stupid enough to leave the man that saved her and come back here."



I swallowed so hard I wondered if they heard me.


I was so nervous, but I needed to say something."How did you find me?" "Wasn't too hard after we captured your best friend,"Cole shrugged. "He's one hell of a tough ass,though. The asshole wouldn't break despite the torture. So, we decided to look around the city where we found him. That was how we found you at the shop."


Another female took over from him. "We already had our people working on some information on Jace.Fortunately, they found this house belonging to his grandmother, so we decided to check it out."


My hands clenched into fists by my sides. I was right all along. They did take Jace. They hurt him!


"You should've left Jace out of this. I am the one you wanted! You didn't have any right to hurt him!"


Cole's eyes darkened. "You're a forbidden thing on the run, Siphon. We had to do whatever it took to find you."


"I didn't kill the Luna!" I shouted in frustration. "She was the one who killed my baby! Why won't anyone believe me?" "We don't care if you did it or not. We're just glad your kind finally gets thrown out of our world."


They pulled out a chain from one of their bags. I took a step back, very much recognizing that chain. I couldn't let them wear it on me.



"You set me up," I said in resignation. "Didn't you?You wanted so badly to make the world hate me.And you succeeded."


Why didn't I think of this? They must've gotten someone-maybe a Siphon-to kill the Luna and pin it on me. It was all their plan.


Cole laughed. "We might hate you, Siphon, but we never set people up. We knew it was only a matter of time before you did something that would reveal your true colors to the world."



My brows furrowed as his words confused me.


"Enough talking," the one with the chain said as he tugged,coming closer. "Time to take you home."


"We could kill her here, you know? Tell everyone she


attacked us," Another said, confirming the fear I had earlier on.



Cole tsked. "That's quite tempting. But I promised the King I'd bring her back alive. She's lucky for that."



The lady frowned, like she didn't like the fact that that was the case.



Two of them approached me, wanting to put the chain over me. As soon as they got close, I attacked,grabbing both their wrists. I'd be damned if I let them take me back so they could kill me.


I didn't even know how exactly/ I was going to Siphon all of these people here. Something told me it wasn't going to be possible. But I couldn't just stand here and do nothing.


Like I feared, they were too much for me to handle.I'd barely been ableto fully Siphon the others when Cole and the rest came for me and knocked me out.I still tried to struggle, but it was futile and they soon had me pinned on the ground. The chains came on next, locking my hand behind my back. They weren't just regular chains. They were meant to weaken someone. And right now, they made me feel like I was losing consciousness.


"This would be a really good time to kill you,you know?" The female snarled above me. "You really did attack us."


I couldn't say a word in defense. I grunted as | was dragged out of the house.







I kept slipping in and out of consciousness. I knew we were in a moving vehicle. I didn't know which type of vehicle it was, or where we were even headed.


I badly wanted to ask them about Jace, to know if he was fine and if they'd let him go. But my tongue was too heavy to move.


The journey lasted for sometime before something changed.My mind may have been weakened, but l knew the moment there was trouble. The vehicle screeched to a halt, followed by a cacophony of voices. I heard shots, growls and so many terrifying sounds.


I was damn scared. Something was happening out there, and I was too weak to defend myself.


Whatever was happening out there seemed to last for a really long time. The door to the booth where l was kept suddenly opened and the face of a man came into view.


My vision was blurry, but he looked familiar. So so familiar.



"Hello, there." His voice was familiar too. Was it Caden?



He pulled me out of the booth.



****



I woke up in a strange environment. A soft bed, well-scented room.



I slowly sat up, touching my forehead which  still ached terribly.Where was l?


The events of the past few hours came crashing down, and that was when I fully left the bed.Someone saved me. Please, don't tell me it was Caden.



Going to the door, I tried to open it. Only to discover it was locked.



My anxiety shot to an entire new level.


I banged angrily, calling out for anyone. It didn't take long before the door opened, revealing a girl in jeans and a crop top. She stared down at me like l was being a nuisance.


"You're awake," she mumbled.


"Where am I? Who brought me here?"


She had a gum in her mouth which she popped."Why don't you calm down for a minute? I'll goget him."



She closed the door. I paced the room as I waited for whoever it was.When the door opened again, I snapped my head,and there he was. Like I suspected.


"Hey, Lyric," he said with his trademark sly grin."Looks like you rested well."


I placed my hands on my thighs, my eyes down on the floor. Why did the wrong person keep saving me?I was grateful I was saved,but why him?


"You don't listen, do you?" He said as he took a seat."I told you not to go back there. Can you imagine what would've happened if I hadn't kept a tab on you?"


I resisted the urge to glare at him. I hated the fact that someone like Caden was rightabout something.


"Well, I didn't plan on staying. I only went to get my things," I said, my tone biting. "Anyway, thanks. But I have to go now."


"Hm." He crossed his hands behind his head. "And where exactly will you go?" He gave a pause,but l wasn't able to say a word. "I've done my findings,Lyric. You don't have anyone else in the country.And I'm damn sure you don't even have the resources to try to get out of the country. You seem kind of stuck to me."



"I know I'm stuck but I'm ready to give it a try. And please, don't even try to talk about staying here.Even if you were the last option I had on earth to stay alive, I'd gladly die, Caden."
###Chapter 221
LYRIC

He didn't seem surprised by my words. How would he? When he knew how much damage he's brought to my life?

Just his mere presence made my skin itch. It reminded me of the night he hurt me so bad I thought I was going to die. The guy was a monster. I'd be a fool to think his sudden show of concern wasn't because he wanted to use me.

For a minute, we didn't say a word to each other. So, I started toward the door.

"I don't think I can let you leave, Lyric." His words made me freeze at the door.

I turned to him with furrowed brows. "You might not see it yet, but I'm trying to protect you."

"Well, I don't need your stupid protection! Haven't I been clear enough?!"

"I don't think so." He rose to his feet. "Your bag is in the closet. I was able to retrieve it for you. If you need anything,all you have to do is phone me. My number's written over there." He pointed at a paper on the table.

I watched in wonder as he came toward me. I thought maybe, I'd run out when he tried to leave the room.But he was prepared for me.

As soon as he opened the door and I tried to run out, he grabbed me by the hair and pushed me so hard I landed on my butts. He was out the door before I could get back on my feet.

My mouth hung open in shock. Was Caden kidnapping me?!

****+****+


JARIS

I stood at the balcony, watching the guards as they lined some of the offenders on their knees.

It had been a mess around here. The war was getting more serious with more people dying daily. The Pack guards managed to catch some of the people fighting; but I didn't know what to do with them yet. As a matter of fact, I was least concerned about them and focused more on the Executioners who were on their way here with my runaway mate.

They called me a while ago and told me they had captured her. Finally.

I didn't know how to feel about that. I badly wanted to see her. How has she been surviving on her own for the past one week? Hasn't it been difficult for her?

But I was also worried for her. Coming back here would mean the Executioners get to do what they want,and I wasn't sure I could let that happen.

My phone rang in my pocket. I answered as soon as I saw it was Cole. Maybe he was calling to tell me they were close.

"We were attacked. She's gone," he said huskily, sounding like he was in pain.

My brows scrunched in confusion. "What're you talking about? Who attacked you?"

"Your brother and his Feeders. They killed two of my people! They fucking did!"

My hands turned cold."And Lyric?"

"He took her. It's the second time he's saved her today."

"What did you just say?"

"I'm sorry, My King. We didn't expect the attack from him."

My view drowned in red as my sanity slipped through my fingers. Caden took Lyric. He must be hurting her.What the fuck was wrong with him?!

****+

LYRIC  I stayed in the room for a few more hours before the door went open again. I was ready to attack and strike at Caden, but it turned out not to be him.

"The Boss wants you downstairs," the unfamiliar cocked his head.

I gave him a suspicious look before following him. Maybe I could seize the opportunity to escape.

I soon realized how difficult it would be for me when I saw the numerous men guarding the place. Ail of these people were Feeders and under Caden's control? The man had been building an army around here.

We arrived at what looked like a living room. By the side, I found Caden speaking in hushed tones to some men. He rounded up the moment he saw me.

"You're here," he said with a smile as he came toward me. "Please, this way."

He led the way to the dining which was just beside the living room. But I didn't take a seat when he did.

"I need you to let me go."

He leaned back in his seat, pinching his brows like I was some kid who wouldn't stop pestering him for snacks.

"Seriously, Lyric. Why can't you see this is only for your good? I'm trying to keep you safe."

"No. You only want to use me, and I'Il never let myself be used by you. As a matter of fact, I'll never feel safe around you."

He chuckled. "Take a seat. You haven't eaten since yesterday, if I'm correct."

The food on the table looked really tempting, and yes, I was starving. But I wasn't here for that.

"I don't want to stay here."

"Fucking sit, Lyric! Stop pissing me off!" The playfulness was gone from his eyes, replaced by the coldness l didn't like about him.

I fisted my hands as I lowered myself to a seat, far from him. He took a deep breath, snapped his fingers toward a maid who rushed forward to serve the food.

I took a moment to glance around. How did Caden accumulate this amount of wealth when he's only been back for a short time? The house was a mansion. And this was only the inside. I didn't know what the outside looked like yet.

We ate in silence for a while. I ate mostly because I was starving. Deep down, I wished I didn't have to take anything from the monster.

"You're right," he suddenly said out of the blue. "I actually want to use you."
###Chapter 222 
LYRIC

I masked my pain and shock as I watched him take a napkin, dabbing the corner of his mouth.

He threw the napkin back on the table and focused his eyes on me.

"But I'm not just using you, Lyric. I'm protecting you. I'll keep you safe, healthy, powerful. You'll never have to worry about a single thing."

I scoffed. "Powerful?" I glanced around with mockery in my eyes. "By what? Making your suckers greet me every morning?"

Some seconds passed before he spoke again. "I'm building an empire, Lyric. My plan is already in motion.Soon, I'll be King of my own empire, and I'm offering to make you my Queen."

I arched my brows at hm, panic starting to set in. "What plans are you talking about?"

He gave his devilish grin. "Why don't you wait for the results, darling? I wouldn't want to bore you with the details."

I suddenly remembered Kael telling me a lot of things had been happening around there. Was Caden causing some sort of havoc over there?

"What I want between us is quite simple. I'll keep you by my side as my siphon. This way, people would be afraid to even lie to me. You know you could torture people in unimaginable ways, right? Just imagine how awful it would be if someone's oxygen is being sucked out of them. You could take it away so slowly they'd want to do anything to get you to stop. You'd also be available to provide instant and effective healing to my men in case of poisoning or severe injury. The things you will do, Lyric..." he tsked. "We'll be a powerful combo. Can you imagine that? If you stay with me, no one will dare to hurt you. My Empire will worship you.You'll be more than you ever were with Jaris."

He leaned forward, his eyes locked on mine. "What do you say? Are you willing to rule the world with me?" I scoffed, shaking my head. I couldn't believe he had everything mapped out already. How exactly did he plan on building his empire?

"Have you been hurting Jaris?" My tone was lowered,stemming from hurt.

"I've told you, Lyric; you don't have to-"

"You really think after everything, I'd simply side with you? I don't want to be a part of your sick empire,Caden. I know you've saved me twice, but you wouldn't have if you didn't have this plan for me."

His eyes darkened. "Oh, really? Shouldn't you be thankful I have a plan for you? I mean, where was your so-called love when I was the one saving you? Oh, yes-he's actually the one hunting you."

His words struck a nerve, but I wasn't ready to give him the satisfaction of seeing me hurt.

"What's so special about that son of a bitch, anyway? It's not like he's any different from me. He's always been a monster; only difference is he finds a way to glorify his."

I locked eyes with him for a while, letting him see the disappointment in mine.

"You want to know why Jaris will always be different from you?" I dropped my cutleries and leaned back in my seat. "It's because he never saw my Siphoning powers as a tool despite knowing about it for months.It's because he's angry at me because he thinks I killed his mother. You think there's not much difference between both of you? Oh,please," I scoffed. "You've not even asked me if I really killed your mother or not.You're not interested in any way or affected by her death." I chuckled. "Is it clear now, Caden? How different Jaris is from you?"

There was no trace of amusement in his gaze. Silence enveloped us for a while before he put his hands across his chest.

"You haven't said anything about my offer."

"The answer is no. I never want to be your side. As a matter of fact," I stood up. "I don't want to be here.So,let me go!"

He held my gaze for some time. Slowly, a smile slipped through. A dark one that always made him look like a lunatic.

"I'm winning this war, Lyric. You wouldn't want to be on the losing side when that happens."

I shrugged. "You can burn the world for all I care, Caden. I'll never stand by you and watch it burn."

I started toward the door, expecting the guards to stop me even before they got in the way.

"Take her back to her room," Caden ordered them, prompting them to grab my arms.

"You can't keep me here against my will! You need to let me go, Caden! Fucking let me go!"

Turning dead ears to my pleas, they took me upstairs and locked me back in the room.



JARIS

My fingers angrily tapped against the table as I listened to the phone beep. I didn't think I'd ever have a reason to give the mongrel a call.

"Brother," HHis voice was a pain to my ear.

I tightened my hand around the phone, restraining myself from cursing at him.

"Where is she?"

There was a brief pause. "Are you... referring to your mate? Oh! She's right here with me. She's doing great and resting in her room at the moment."

"I thought I told you never to lay a hand on her again? You don't just listen, do you?"

"Hold up, brother," he laughed. "You don't think I'm hurting her, do you? Lyric is grateful I saved her.As a matter of fact, we just finished having lunch not long ago. Hold on, I have proof."

The phone beeped with a new message. My forehead was crinkled as I checked it out. To my surprise, Lyric was on the dining with him, actually eating. She didn't look forced or anything.

The moment seemed to stretch, making it feel like I'd been staring at the picture for an eternity. "See? She's doing just great. We're doing just great. You can't really blame her, you know? You and your people have been hunting the poor woman for a week. She's bound to stick to anyone who's like a savior to her."

I lowered myself to my seat, swiping the picture away and trying to get it out of my head. Only that it was so difficult. Did Lyric willingly choose to be with him?

"If that'll be all, I have important things to do, brother. Take care."

For a full minute after the call ended, I still remained mute, unable to believe it. My heart hurt so much it was hard to breathe. Why was everything falling apart?

****+


LYRIC

I was restless for the rest of the day.

I continuously paced the room, trying to think of the best way to get out of this mess. I'd checked the windows already. Unfortunately, they were too high; there was no way I could jump out of them being a wolf-less wolf that I was.

The only way out of here was through the front door, and of course, Caden and his men were never letting me out of here.

I reached for my phone, hoping I could reach out to someone for help. The battery had been down since l was brought here, and I didn't have a means to get it charged.

I turned it on, hoping I could quickly make use of it before it shut down completely.

As soon as it came on, a new message caught my attention.

My brows drew together in concern as I read the text from an unsaved number.

'Lyric, call me. It's Penelope. I remember the kids now. I gave them to Marta.
###Chapter 223
LYRIC

My eyes widened like saucers. For a moment, my heart seemed to stop beating.

My kids were with Marta? How?

With shaky fingers, I dialed the number. Fortunately, it went through.

"Penelope?"

"Lyric. Oh, thank goodness you called. Did you get my text?"

"Y-Yes.What do you mean they're with Marta?"

She paused for breath.

"My memories returned some days ago after they killed my sister and started chasing me to kill. Marta has been the one trying to kill me all these while. She was never pregnant. She met me years ago, just before you had your kids and told me she urgently needed one. I used to be in the business, you know? Would often connect women with fertility issues with young girls that got pregnant out of wedlock. But I'd already quit by the time Marta approached me and didn't want to do it. But she was persistent and offered me a huge sum of money."

There was a monetary pause. "What I did to you... I'd never done it to anyone, Lyric, and I hate myself for it.I saw you as someone who was weak, vulnerable and easy to deceive. And I didn't think for one second that the kids would turn out to belong to the very man Marta was trying to impress. It's all just one...messed up string."

I didn't realize l'd plonked myself onto the edge of the bed, my fingers nervously gripping the sheets.

"Wait," I swallowed hard. "Are you trying to tell me that the kids currently with Marta belong to... belong to..."

I couldn't even get the words out, my panic too much for that. "You're right, Lyric. Xylon and Xyla are yours."

My eyes grew wider than their capacity as I gasped widely. By the hunts! Xyla and Xylon were mine!? The whole time, they were mine and I had no idea!?

My head spun from the information, my memories going round in a jumble. I remember the first day I met them-the instant connection and likeness I developed for them. I remember how easy it was for them to get comfortable around me too.

It suddenly made sense why Marta was always trying to separate me from them. She knew. She knew they were mine, yet she forced us apart!

"Lyric, I'm so sorry," Penelope said as I wept. "I shouldn't have taken them from you. It's a mistake I'll keep regretting for the rest of my life."

"Oh, I hope you more than regret it, Penelope," I sniffled, rising to my feet. "How could you do this to me?I trusted you, yet you didn't even think twice before seling my kids out to someone who only saw them as tools to win a man's heart. I wish you suffer beyond recovery. I wish for more harmful things to come your way."

"Lyric-"

My battery went off before either of she could say anymore.

I screamed as I tossed the phone to the bed, then fell onto the bed where I wept more.

They wre mine. The kids were mine.

Oh, gods I needed to get out of here. I needed to go take my babies from that evil witch. I had to leave this place!



I was mostly staring out the window and saw when Caden drove out of the house. I quickly cooked up a plan, knowing it'd be easier to escape if he wasn't around.

I knocked repeatedly on the door until someone angrily opened up. "What is it?"

"I'm-I'm hungry. Could you get me something to eat?"

He gave me a head-to-toe glare, as if displeased that he had to follow my order.

"I'll be back," he held the knob to close the door.

I didn't give him the chance to as I reached out, grabbing his wrist.

"What're you-" His statement was left unfinished as my powers started working on him.

I siphoned his oxygen and watched him gasp for air. In no time, he was down on the floor.

I quickly pulled him into the room, took off his clothes and put them on me. He also had a face cap which was just perfect. I concealed my face with it, then ran out of the room.

It looked like most of the people had gone out with Caden because the place wasn't as full as I thought it'd be. I made my way to the living room, keeping my head down and hoping I appeared like a guard in the eyes of the others.

I made it out of the house but soon spotted some men. I kept my head even lower, making sure I was as far away from them as possible.

I found my way to the back of the house where I made it through the fence. I was out.



CADEN

He had a smile on his face as he walked into the room, pleased with the four men already waiting for him.

"Gentlemen. Hope I didn't keep you waiting for too long?" He sat at the head of the table.

The Alphas, still uncomfortable around him, exchanged glances with each other.

"Caden.Mind telling us why we're here?" The first one asked. It was Alpha Jaxen.

"Hm. Straight to the point, I see." Caden drummed his fingers on the table. "Actually, I think we already know "Hm. Straight to the point, I see." Caden drummed his fingers on the table. "Actually, I think we already know why we're here. I'm here to offer you help. The kind you've needed for centuries."
###Chapter 224 
CADEN

The Alphas still looked at him beady-eyed. So he elaborated. "For centuries, your fathers before you have had to suffer being kept in the low ranks. They were Alphas to the people, yet still slaves to some of the Alphas who placed themselves above. Why. did there have to be ranks in the first place? Who made that decision? In a world such as this, it was crazy that you have to fight to earn a say among your fellow Alphas.

"Now, take a look at everything that's happening. You all still get blamed for things you should be consoled for.Even when the higher Alphas are wrong, you get punished for it. This is not living to me. And that is why I'm here to save you from the injustice you've been facing. I'm here to offer you a world you can rule, where everyone will be equal."

Silence draped over the hall. The Alphas exchanged glances. They didn't say a word to each other, but the same thoughts ran through their minds.

"Um... Caden," Jaxen adjusted in his seat. "What makes you think you can get us to trust you? I mean,you're a forbidden Wolf. We shouldn't even be having this meeting with you."

"Yet, here you are-all eager to hear what I had to say. Why? Because a part of you is hopeful, isn't it?" He paused for effect. "Let's be honest-we're all monsters. My brother who is always glorified over me is no better than me, and we all know it. I guess at the end of the day, it all depends on who gets the most support."

He eased into his seat. "I didn't plan on doing a lot of talking. What I'm offering is quite simple. Work with me. Let's build an alliance together-our own very world where we'll all be equal. You've never really had a place here. And at the end of the day when this war ends, you'll definitely be on the losing side. Unless you're with me, in our new world."

****+****+

LYRIC I sniffled as I wiped my nose with the back of my hand.

The night was cold,the weather stormy.

Gods, I missed my freedom. I'd have been in bed, probably with Jaris, enjoying the weather.

I wished I wasn't running. I wished my life was different from this. I wished...I was with my kids and my family was complete.

Someone whistled behind me. I wiped my face as I stood from the floor where I'd been sitting, going to meet the shop owner.

"I'm about to lock up. Here." He handed me my phone. "It's charged."

"Thank you." I wasn't even sure he could hear me, my voice too weak.

i stared at the screen as I returned to sit on the floor beside the shop. The corner was dark and quiet,keeping me protected.

After escaping Caden's place, I realized I didn't even have any means to travel to the Capital City. All I was able to take with me from Caden's place was my phone.

And even if I managed to get some cash for the trip, how could I possibly make it there without getting caught? It was impossible.

But I couldn't just sit back and not tell someone about this. I was too angry at Marta to keep shut.

So,I dialed her line, unable to resist the urge to let her know she'd been caught and I was coming to get my kids, one way or the other. I wanted her to not be able to fall asleep tonight.

I hid my number while calling. Fortunately, she answered the call.

"Yes? Who's this?"

My lower lip spasmed as I heard her voice. Marta Monroe. The girl living a perfect life with my kids while l was out here running.

"It's Lyric." I could feel her shock the moment I said my name.

"I hope you haven't suddenly lost your tongue,"I added when she kept mute for too long.

"Lyric," her voice sounded a bit scratchy. "Wh-Why are you calling me? What do you want?"

I heard her move. "If I were you, l'd gladly turn myself in. You can't keep running, Lyric. We both know one way or the other, they'll definitely find you someday."

"Really? And how long do you think it'll take me to tell everyone your dirty little secret? You know, about the kids."

She lapsed into total silence. I imagined her face palling, her eyes dilating, and her feet probably wobbling.I wished she'd get to feel worse than this.

"You took my kids, Marta. To make it worse, you tried to keep me away from them. You told them I was a witch and made them hate me. How could you!? How could one person be so evil? So...so vile?"

"Lyric..." There was a crack in her voice.

"How could you even buy kids like they're some sort of commodities? Not because you wanted them, but because you wanted to trap a man to do your bidding? How could you be so selfish?"O

"Lyric,calm down-"

"Then, you tried to kill Penelope because you didn't want her telling the truth? Really? Why didn't you kill me as well, huh? Or did you feel you wouldn't have been able to deal with the guilt?

"You know what? I'm coming for them. And I'm coming for you. I'll tell everyone what you've done and take my kids far away from you,you monster!"

"Lyric, you can't do that. You need to listen to me!"

"Listen to you about what?!" I yelled so hard I was sure the shop owner heard. "What lies could you possibly fabricate on this?"

"You can't tell Jaris about this," she breathed heavily. "Believe me, he wouldn't want to know about Xyla." I scoffed, my brows crinkling. "What about Xyla? That she's his daughter?"

"No! Listen," shesighed. "Xyla is a Siphon."

A mental alarm triggered inside me as a chill settled over my bone.

"I know you wouldn't want to believe this, but guess who it was that killed the Luna to save you."

That was it. I lost my mind.
###Chapter 225 
LYRIC

I rose to my feet despite how weak I was. At first, I felt this heavy numbness. Until slowly, it turned into insanity and I laughed so hard.

"You've gone mad, Marta. Now you're fabricating lies against my child?"

"You can come over here and see for yourself if you think I'm lying. Only problem is, everyone would get to see I'm telling the truth. Think about it-you're a Siphon. Being your daughter, there's always been a high chance for her to inherit it. Perhaps, it'd have been Xylon if he was a female."

"No.You're lying."

"I saw her that day, okay? I was making a call around the corner when I heard a scream from your room and went to check it out. That was how I found Xyla Siphoning the Luna 'cause she wanted to save you.According to her, she acted on pure instincts and didn't know exactly what she was doing. Before I could stop her, the Luna was dead."

"No..." I slid to the floor, my other hand sliding into my hair and pulling so hard at my roots like I wanted to separate the two.

"She said she's been noticing the signs for some weeks but didn't understand it. So, she told no one about it.That day, she and Xylon were coming to your room to talk to you. They saw the Luna hurting you. Xyla got angry and acted on pure instinct to save you."

"No, please..." This was too hard to hear. My heart felt like it was about to collapse.

"You've been looking for the Siphon that killed the Luna, Lyric. There. You have your answer. It was your daughter."

"How can this be..." "If you're feeling this way, imagine how devastated Jaris would feel if he gets to know his own daughter killed his mother. She'd always look likea monster in his eyes. And the people? What do you think they would say? It'd come as a confirmation to them that indeed, Siphons are monsters. They'd never get over a six year old killing her grandmother. I've kept this a secret because I didn't want to ruin the relationship between the kids and Jaris. But there'd be no need to continue with this secret if you expose mine. Besides,the kids are better off without you. I mean, what's your plan exactly? To keep running with them? That's the kind of life you want to introduce them to when they've been good this whole time?"

I bit the flesh on my hand, trying to stifle the loud whimper cooking up in my/ throat. It was impossible and soon,it came out of my throat.

gods, please. My life couldn't be this miserable.

"Stay away. I'm giving you a chance to do something for your kids. Leave them be, Lyric. You don't want to ruin their lives just like yours is already ruined."

She hung up. But for a minute, my phone was still hanging over my ear, my mind unable to comprehend lowering it down from my ear.

I laid on the floor in the dark corner and wept so hard. My daughter was cursed like me? Jaris would hate her if he ever gets to know she killed his mother. Her life would be ruined.

Oh,gods; I couldn't believe my unluckiness could rub off on my kids in this manner. Marta was right. They were better off without me. She might be blackmailing me right now to get what she wanted, but she was right. What kind of a mother would I be if I took them from their comfortable life with their father and make them be on the run with me?

I couldn't do that to them. Even if it killed me. It was my cross to carry alone.

·····

I always thought people who committed suicides were foolish. I was always like-no matter how hard it is in life, you have to keep fighting. Only a fool gives up.

If someone had told me years later, I'd be contemplating taking my own life, I wouldn't have believed. What was the point of living when everything was against me? I couldn't be with the man l love, I couldn't be with my kids. The whole world was hunting me, including those that wanted to use me for their personal gains.

My life was a mess at this point. It was useless to keep fighting when there was nothing to fight for.

I contemplated the numerous ways I'd take my life. There was poison, drowning.

But before that, I concluded I had to do something first. It was crazy, but it was the last time I was ever going to speak to him.

I wiped my face as I listened to the phone beep, Jaris' name displayed on the screen.

Gods, I was going to miss him. I wished we'd have been able to live as a family, even if it was just a year.

I feared he wasn't going to take the call. It was about beeping to an end when he finally did.

I went mute, my brain too slow in processing the fact that Jaris did pick my call. He wanted to talk to me.

"Lyric?" He seemed surprised.

Has he tried reaching me before now? Maybe when the phone was off? Or did he never care at all?

"J-Jaris?"

This very moment seemed surreal. Seemed different from the chaos our lives had been. Suddenly, it didn't feel like I'd 'killed' his mother. It didn't feel like the Executioners were after me, and it also didn't feel like we held any grudges against each other.

Right now, it was as though I'd gone shopping and was calling to tell him there was a pretty dress I saw that I'd love him to get for me.

"How have you been?" His question stunned me.

I'd expected him to ask questions like 'where are you? Who helped you escape? Why did you kill my mother? Why don't you come back and give yourself in?

Not for a moment didI think my well-being would be his first question. Tears streaked my face. It was my Jaris. Gods, I've missed him so much. I've missed him just like I missed my peace.

"I'm sorry," I broke into tears. "I'm sorry I hurt you, Jaris. I'm sorry I ruined our relationship. I didn't... I didn't mean to."

I mourned for a significant stretch. "I didn't do it. I know you won't believe me, but I'd never hurt you this way, Jaris. I'd never hurt your mother. But it's fine if you still think I did. After all, you need someone to blame, and I'm... I'm ready to take the fall for it. I just..." I sniffled. "I just miss you so much."

He was silent for some time, but it was as though I could hear and see him. How he'd have pulled me into a hug and told me he believed me. How he'd have scolded me for blaming myself.

I miss my Jaris. The one I'd grown to love.

"Where are you?" He asked after sometime, his voice laced with something I couldn't quite place.

I was conflicted. How was I supposed to give him my location when he was hunting me?

"I'll come alone. I give you my wvord."

That seemed to do the trick. If I had to die truusting Jaris, I'd definitely die smiling. After all, there was nothing to fight for anymore. And it wouldn't be bad if I get to see him one last time.

AUTHOR'S NOTE:

Our beautiful story will be coming to an end soon. Thank you all for your support so far. It has meant the world to me.
###Chapter 226
LYRIC

I didn't know my way around the city Caden had brought me. So, I had to give Jaris the address of the store beside me.

I didn't know how far away it was from the Capital City. I waited for so long that I slept off.

I woke up to a gentle tap on my back.

"Lyric."

My eyes fluttered open and surprise ripped me from within when I found Jaris kneeling on the floor beside me.

He really did come!

Or wait;what if I was hallucinating?

"Jaris?" I called with furrowed brows, trying to be sure he was real.

It was still dark, but I could make out his face clearly. He looked the same even as he wore a simple black jean and shirt.

"Why are you on the floor?" He asked with displeasure, his hands coming to cradle my head.

"Come on. Get up."

He tried to help me up, but the best I could do was sit with my back leaning against the wall.

"Sorry, I can't stand," I told him weakly.

I knew this had nothing to do with hunger. It was simply the weight of everything crashing on me. The truth about my kids, knowing I'd never be with Jaris... v "Hey," I held his hand beside me. "If there's anyone more fitting to be King, it's you, Jaris." "You only say that because you know me. But I think we both know the truth that I'm only a disaster. The people need someone better."

He tilted his head to hold my gaze. "Let's go far from here. I want to stop caring about everything and just be...me. I want to live for me." He stared down at the place where our hands joined. "Will you come with me,Lyric? Would you mind?"

My face bore a look of confused astonishment. "You.... think I killed your mother."

His expression didn't shift. "I just told you-l want to stop caring about everything. I want to leave everything behind and just move forward, Lyric. I'm tired."

My heart bled from the reality I saw now. I'd been so focused on running and had no idea Jaris had been facing so much-alone. I thought it was just my life that had been a mess. I had no idea he'd been suffering too.

I'd never seen Jaris look this defeated before; not even when he wanted to opt out of the trials.

I gave it a small peek-what it'd be like going far away from here with him. The fact that he wanted to elope with me was something I cold not wrap my head around. He still loved me after everything.

He looked away from me, closing his eyes again with his head still leaning against the wall.

"It's not been the same without you, Lyric," he spoke softly. "I tried to hate you, to let it sink in that it was you who killed my mother. But everyday without you was a torture, and when you managed to escape, l hated you for running away from me."

I watched his Adam's apple bob as he gulped hard. "You weren't there when I really needed you, Lyric.Nobody was. Everyone kept bringing complaints to me, demanding results and blaming me for the wrong things. Nobody cared to check on me like you would have. Nobody was there."

The tears came running effortlessly. I released my hand from his as I buried my face in my palms, weeping profusely.

"I'm so sorry," I whimpered. "I hated myself for leaving you, Jaris. I just... I didn't want to die. He scoffed. "You really think I'd have stood by and let them kill you? I didn't know what judgement to pass on you, Lyric; but I definitely knew wwhich judgment I didn't want to pass."

His words cleaved me open, inch by inch.

Gods, I felt so terrible. Why did everything have to happen the way it did?

"I'm so sorry," I sniffled. "If I could turn back the hands of time, I'd be more careful. Maybe... Maybe there was something  would've done differently that would've stopped things from happening the way they did."

He held my hand again, running his thumb gently along my skin. "I'm sorry about the baby. I'm sorry...I wasn't there to comfort you when it happened."

I managed a frail smile. Right now, I couldn't help but believe the Moon must've taken the poor child from me because it didn't deserve to be with a mother like me.

I wonder what Jaris' reaction would be if I told him right now that Xyla and Xylon were mine.Ours.

I wish I could, but I knew the witch Marta. She was definitely going to expose Xyla and create an uncomfortable relationship between her and Jaris.

"I've missed you, Lyric," Jaris said as he slowly cupped my cheeks."Let's bury the past and live for the future. I'm willing to do this with you.Are you?"

I focused on his lips which kept coming closer to mine. I went for it myself, kissing him passionately like he was the best thing I'd tasted in weeks.

He kissed me back, his hand tangling in my hair.

gods, I've missed this. I've missed him. My Jaris. The man who hurt me and also showed me the meaning of love. The first man to take my virginity and showed me what it meant to truly be in love. The world could be burning and Jaris would still be the only thing that mattered.

We broke the kiss after what felt like an eternity. I locked my forehead with his, a smile on my lips.

"Yes," I breathed. "I'm ready to live for the future, Jaris. As long as you're in it." I watched his eyes beam. His happiness was contagious and passed onto me.

His lips parted to say something, but words never came out-only a grunt.

My face contorted in shock. There was an arrow in his neck. It happened so fast, I didn't notice it flying until it was already in his neck.
###Chapter 227
LYRIC

"Jaris?" My voice shook as I called his name, my hands tenderly holding his neck.

Where did this... where did this come from?

Confusion wrapped itself around me. Jaris was losing consciousness, his neck going limp in my hands.

Suddenly, I heard someone clapping. My heart ached terribly as I glanced and found Caden coming, his men behind him.

I looked away immediately, focusing my attention on Jaris who had passed out in my ams.

No.What was happening?

My hand shook as I pulled out the arrow. Blood sprouted from the neck, staining my shirt.

"J-Jaris?"

There was no response.

No. Jaris had survived way more than this. A mere arrow shouldn't be enough to put him ouut like this.I was yet to see anything that was enough to put him out this way.

"Sincerely, Lyric, I'm sorry I had to interrupt that. I was genuinely interested and entertained," Caden said with a snicker. "But you know, time is of the essence."

My eyes remained locked on Jaris. I was trying to Siphon him, but nothing seemed to be working.

I looked up at Caden, my eyes filled with tears. "What have you done to him?"

"Me? Nothing much. Simply put him to sleep like he did me all those years."

A different kind of rage burnt through my chest. I wanted to hurt the bastard. But for some reason, I couldn't leave Jaris. I wanted to keep holding onto him.

"You played right into my trap, Lyric," he tsked. "You really thought it'd be that easy to escape my mansion if I didn't want you to?"

My eyes darted to my phone on the floor. Did he track it?

"That's right. I had to track it," he confirmed my fear. "Otherwise, why would I care so much and handit to you when you were meant to be my prisoner? To be honest, I thought you'd call him sooner. Surprised it took you this long."

Tears dropped from the tip of my nose to Jaris' face. He still didn't move an inch. And why the hell were my powers not working on him!?

"It won't work, darling. Not when the poison was made with your blood."

I looked up at hi with a confused face."My blood?"

He nodded. "Was pretty easy to get when you were unconscious." His lips stretched in a grin smile. "You have no idea how powerful you are, Lyric. You know that, right? I told you,we could rule the world together.The witch that helped Jaris put me asleep years ago is dead. This is why he couldn't put me to sleep again because there was no one to help him. What he didn't know however, is the fact that you are a weapon that is far more powerful than that very witch. He wasn't interested in utilizing you; so he didn't know."

My head ached from the onslaught of information. I suddenly felt used. Deceived.

"How could you?" My tone came out whispered and shaky. "You used me to hurt Jaris? Why? How?"

It got harder to hold him to mysel. It was my fault this happened. Once again, I'd brought nothing but trouble to him.

My tears welled up as I thought of the blissful moment we'd been having just a while ago.We were having our future planned out with Jaris ready to leave everything for me.

"You took that away from me," I whimpered, my nose buried in Jaris' hair. "You took it from me."

i finally let him go, rose to my feet and struck Caden hard in the face. He didn't see it coming. He didn't stumble, but his hand went up to the side of his lips.

I struck him again, this time on his nose. When I tried to take the third hit, he held my fist.

"I think you've had enough, Lyric." His voice was as dangerous as his eyes looked.

But I was far from done.

With my free hand, I got hold of his wrist and for the second time, tried to Siphon him. But just like the first time,nothing worked.I could never understand why my powers were not working on him anymore.

He seemed to notice this time and seemed surprised himself. He glanced down at the place where our hands were joined.

"You can't Siphon me. Why's that?" He asked thoughtfully.

So, obviously this wasn't his doing.Why the hell could I not Siphon him?

Still enraged, I tried to kick him in the groin. But he was faster and stopped mne before I could. His hand came to my hair, yanking painfully until I grunted.

"You better calm down before I hurt you bad," he gritted in my face.

"You pathetic son of a bitch!" I managed to slap him in the chest. "You better kill me now. Kill me before l find a way to. Because I swear to the Moon, I'll kill you, Caden. I'll kill you myself and feed your body to the vultures!"

He laughed like a maniac before shoving me roughly to the ground. I hurt my ankle in the process.

"If I were you, Lyric, I'd save the drama and listen to what I have to say. Because Jaris' life is completely dependent on you."

Holding out his hand, one of his men placed a scroll in it.

"Right now, I'm the only one who can help Jaris. If you want him to survive, you'll sign this agreement with your blood. I'm sure you know what it's called."

My heart raced from both fear and rage. An agreement with my blood? That would tie my life to it, making me unable to ever break or betray it. Wolves hardly ever sign that agreement because it never ends well.

"All I want is for you to agree to be mine. You'll work for me, do my bidding and of course,stay away from Jaris. If you sign this, I'll give him the antidote to awaken him."

"You really think I'd do that? Go to hell, Caden! No matter what you do, I'll never work with you!"

"Your choice," he shrugged, rolling the scroll back up. "I guess I'll just let Jaris sleep long enough until |completely conquer the world. By the time he's awake, everything he's ever owned will be mine."

I got back on my feet. "I won't let you do this to him. Give him the antidote, Caden. Stop this madness!"

He tapped the scroll against his palm. "It's quite simple if you want thàt to happen. I'm sure you know how to find me when you've had a change of heart."

He cocked his head behind him. "Take him."

My eyes widened in panic. No...

Four men approached Jaris' body.

"You can't take him. I won't let you take him."

If he's the one with Jaris' body, then I won't even have the chance to revive him if I find a way.

I tried to reach for the men's hands, but Caden pulled me back by the hair. His grip was so strong I couldn't fight him off.

Despite how I thrashed and begged him, he didn't listen to me and let the men take Jaris into their car.

"You're a monster. You'll pay for this, Caden. You'll fucking pay,"I whimpered.

He sniggered in my face. "I don't think I'Il pay if you get to work for me."

He shoved me to the ground. "My number's saved on your phone already. Don't bother bringing anyone to the mansion.You won't find us there."

He turned around, heading to the car. I chased him, screaming and raining insults. In the end, he got into his car and they all drove off.
###Chapter 228 
I alerted Kael as soon as I could, and the search for Jaris began. Though I stayed out of their sight to avoid being seen by people who wanted me dead.

Jace had already been released by the Executioners and was undergoing treatment at his father's place. I wished I could see him, but even I knew that was far from possible.

I gave Kael and Nerion the location of Caden's Mansion. Just like he said, he wasn't there when they arrived.None of his men were.

They continued searching all through the city. But until a week later, there was still no hope. And the war had only grown worse.

The Packs were turning on themselves in very brutal ways with no one to control them. Strangely, the lower ranks seemed to be winning, which was something I couldn't understand. It was crazy how this had slowly turned into a fight between the higher and lower ranks.

The people were growing increasingly violent.Buildings were being burnt, families were being attacked and killed, those who had once been friends were now foes. There was chaos everywhere in the world. And as the day went by, an imaginary line was drawn between the high-ranking wolves and the low-ranks. People from the Higher ranks did no longer go to the low ranks because there was a high chance of them being attacked, and vice versa.

They needed their King. His absence was starting to raise a lot of angry questions.

By the time the search had lasted for two weeks, even Kael had gotten frustrated and demanded to meet with me.

I'd been hiding low in an abandoned cottage that I found somewhere in the woods. Kael had been kind enough to help me with some money when I asked.

But now, as I watched him approach me in the cottage, he didn't seem toocalm.
 "How exactly was he taken?" There was a rough edge to his voice.

"I-I told you. Caden shot him an arrow poisoned with my blood, and he passed out in an instant."

"Your blood," he chuckled, nodding his head. "And Caden didn't say anything about giving him back?"

I dropped my head, not feeling the need to tell him he wanted me in return.

Unfortunately, my silence was suspicious enough.

"If you know something, Lyric, you better start talking. What the fuck did Caden say?"

"He didn't say anything!"

"Well, that wasn't the expression you gave off just now. Our people are dying daily, Lyric! What do you think Jaris would do to himself when he returns and sees everything destroyed? How do you expect him to cope with himself?"

I turned around to back him, burying my face in my palms. Behind me, he continued talking about the chaos happening and how important it was that the King was around.

He was right. And I hated the fact that he was. The only way to get Jaris back was to completely let him go. I wasn't ready to do that. Even he wouldn't want that for any reason.

Kael came closer to me, his voice filled with more rage. "What did Caden tell you?"

A helpless tear slipped down my cheek. I sniffled and wiped it off.

"He wants me."

Confused, Kael didn't say anything immediately.

"That's the only way he'll give Jaris back. He wants me to work for him and...and belong to him."

When Kael still remained silent, I turned around to face him. He looked as confused as I expected.

"I've just been as confused, Kael. I thought maybe... maybe we'd find him. I also want Jaris back, but not at the expense of losing him. I don't want to." Slowly, Kael walked over to the window, staring outside. I knew he was anything but amused at the sight.

"The people need their King, Lyric," he said after a while. "This is all messed up, but I know Caden. If he says he'lI do something, that's exactly what he's going to do. He won't release Jaris until you give him what he wants."

I blinked. "Well, in this case, he wants me."

"And maybe we should give him what he wants."

It took me a moment to digest the meaning of what he said.

"You want me to give myself to Caden?"

"I don't know, Lyric. I just know that I'm tired of seeing my friend get hurt all the damn time!" He turned around to face me. "No offense, but for the past few months since I met you, Jaris is always in one mess or the other. And most of the time, it has to do with you. He can't even be King right now after fighting for it."

"But how's that my fault? His brother is the one causing all of this havoc."

"Yeah. And who exactly Siphoned his brother awake?"

My mouth opened but no words formed. That was how I knew he'd actually gotten me.

I turned around, pinching my brows and trying so hard to fight back the tears already building up.

"I don't mean to hurt your feelings, Lyric, but this is what happens when you're with someone you're not fated to. It's always as if nature is fighting against you. Sometimes, the best thing to do is let each other go.So, maybe going to Caden isn't such a bad idea.

I broke into tears, unable to face him again. He was right; though it didn't stop the truthfrom being less painful. The truth that I was only going to be a tool to Caden-to be with a man I wish I didn't have to be with.

"Just do it, Lyric. For everyone's sanity. Please,". Kael spoke some more to my conscience from behind me.

I still couldn't look at him until I heard his retreating footsteps. I stayed up long enough for everything to sink in. As hard as it was, I had to accept the truth that Jaris was probably better off without me. He'd finally be a good King who wouldn't have to make biased decisions for my sake.

I was ready to accept my fate. But before then, there was one last thing I must do.

I called Marta. Twice before she picked up.

She cleared her throat. "Lyric. Can I know why you're calling?"

"I need to see my kids."

"What?" She huffed. "You seriously want to go ahead with your plan of-"

"I only wish to see them one last time, Marta. As their mother, I believe I have the right to."

There was a slight pause. "You say one last time like you're about to die."

"That is none of your concern. Just bring my kids to me. I'll text you the time and address."

I heard her pace. "Lyric, it's not safe. Everyone is-"

"Everyone is too busy right now looking for the King. So, stop with the silly excuses and let me see my kids."

"Hey! They're 'my' kids, okay?"

"Oh, shut up, Marta. The only reason I'm still letting you keep them is because I care about Xyla's relationship with her father. It is my responsibility as her mother to make these decisions. You, MMarta,will never be their mother. You'll never even be a mother at all if you keep up with your disgusting attitude. So,let that sink."

I took a deep breath, pleased at her loss of words. "Now, like I said, I'll text you the time and address. Bring my kids and don't be late."

I dropped the call.
 ###Chapter 229 
LYRIC

By the following morning, Marta brought the kids to the location I asked. It was in a busy amusement park.Here, I could easily get away in case she betrayed me and brought the Executioners. Although, I doubt she'd take such risks when she knows I could easily expose herto everyone.

My heart leapt for joy as I watched her entering into the park with the kids. They hadn't seen me yet,so l took the opportunity to admire my two beautiful creations.

I couldn't believe they were both mine. I suddenly felt lucky, so so lucky to be their mother.

They finally saw me and I felt the warmth of the happiness that illuminated their faces.

"Aunty Lyric!"

They stopped walking and ran. I kept my arms ready for them to jump in.

Their excitement was contagious. Goodness, I couldn't believe the kids were the ones looking so happy to see me. It was only a few weeks ago when they called me a witch and didn't want to have anything to do with me.

"Hey, pumpkins. How have you been?" I stroked Xyla's hair with one hand while I ruffled Xylon's hair with the other.

"We've been fine, Aunty. We missed you. How have you been?" Xyla asked.

"I've been...well, good." Of course, l've been anything but good.

Xyla lowered her eyes as she suddenly looked guilty. She nervously fiddled wvith her nails.

"I'm sorry...for getting you in trouble. I didn't know Grandma was going to get badly hurt. I didn't mean to put you in trouble. I was just... angy when I saw her hurting you and wanted her to stop. I didn't mean to-" "Hey, it's okay," I pulled her inte a small hug. "Nobody's blaming you for anything, Xyla. Don't even think about it."

Now that I gave it a thought, how had she been able to cope with the memory of killing her own grandmother? Has she been fine?

Well, one thing was for sure: my daughter was one hell of a strong woman-like her father.

"I wanted to tell daddy and save you," she whispered against my waist. "But mummy told me it was a bad idea and was only going to get Daddy more hurt. I'm sorry, Aunt Lyric. I'm sorry I stayed quiet and said nothing."

I threw a stare at Marta who was staring back at me, looking a bit uncomfortable. Oh, typical Marta. Always ready to throw me under the bus for her own benefit.

"It's fine, honey, you did the right thing." I pulled Xyla from my waist and gently stroked her hair. "Daddy doesn't need to know what you did. Besides, if itwasn't for me, you wouldn't have done it. So, don't blame yourself in any way okay?"

She nodded.

I touched Xylon's jaw. "And you, young man. How have you been?"

"I've been good."

His speech was clearer. It was relieving to know he was becoming more outspoken. Though from the look of things, Xylon was going to be a very cold man in the future.

With them on either side of me, I threw my hands around their shoulders and led them toward the game centers. "Wanna play some games with me like old times?"

"Yes!"


····

My day was beyond fulfilled. I spent a long time with the kids, played until I was breathless and didn't have any more energy. The whole time, I completely ignored Marta who kept watching from a distance with a scowl on her face.I was actually happy she was here to see this; to see the motherly connection she was never going to have with the kids she took from me.

I wish I could continue being in their lives and watch them grow. It was quite unfortunate that Fate has cruel plans for me.

I got them ice cream and went on to speak with Marta while they busied themselves on a bench.

"You need to wrap it up, Lyric. We have to get moving. You might be far from the Capital City, but someone could also recognize you here," Marta said as soon as I reached her.

"Calm down, will you? I'm done with them."

She crossed her arms and looked away.

"I'm not giving you my blessings to be their mother, Marta. Someone like you doesn't deserve to be a mother,not unless you change. Unfortunately, I don't have a choice right now. So, I'm telling you now to take good care of my kids. I know you only see people as tools and commodities, but my kids are different. Don't ever hurt them. Don't ever put them in a difficult position to achieve one of your sick aims. And more importantly," I stepped closer to her. "Don't ever try to utilize Xyla's powers. I already hate that she's a Siphon. I'd hate more for her to become your gadget.

"I'll be keeping an eye on you, Marta, and if I ever get to know you've been using Xyla, I'll damn all consequences and take her from you. I'm sure you understand what I mean."

Her eyes burned with irritation. "Can you stop with the lecture? They're also my kids. I know you birthed them, but I took care of them from infanthood you know? So, don't think I actually hate them."

"Oh, you never hate someone as long as they're useful to you," I chuckled. "Mischievous Marta. Always doing the wrong things." I tsked.

"Aunt Lyric!" Xyla called as she and her brother scuttled toward me. "We're done with the ice cream."

I spent more time with them before we finally parted ways. It was the hardest thing to do. The poor kids didn't even know this was likely going to be the last time we saw each other; at least for a long time. They didn't know how heartbreaking this moment was for me.

Even at that, they were still reluctant to leave with Marta and asked when they'd come visit again. I promised them I'd make out time, but for the first time, I knew l made a promise l'd not be able to keep.

****

I was finally ready.

The number Caden had stored in my phone hadn't been going through. We tried calling severally during the last two weeks but couldn't reach him. I even sent multiple texts, begging him to release Jaris, but he didn't respond.

I texted him again today, telling him what I knew he'd been waiting to hear. I told him I was ready to sign the contract and asked where I was meant to meet him.

His response didn't come until hours later, at night.

He gave me an address to go to and added a warning beneath it:"come alone, Lyric. If you're just trying to play with me, you'll never see Jaris again. No one will."

The threat was enough to raise goosebumps on my skin.

I got my things ready and left the cottage.
###Chapter 230

LYRIC

I arrived at the location in less than an hour. But there were no houses around as it looked more like a deserted street.

There was no sign of anyone at all.

I was about taking out my phone to text Caden when a black van pulled over. Two men came out of it,looked around, then took my bag from me.

"Did Caden send you?" I asked them but got no response.

Arerr going through my bag, they ran a scanner through my body. They thought I had a tracker on me or something?

"Into thevan," one tipped his head.

I got in and we hit the road.

·····

The ride was a long and tiring one. I couldn't even see where we were headed in the van.

By the tie we drove into the compound and stepped out, I took note of my surroundings. This was smaller than the mansion he'd previously been in.

The men led me into the house, right to the place where Caden was. My eyes rounded when I found him washing blood off his hands.

He glanced at me with a smile before returning his eyes to the sink where he washed his hands.

"Lyric. You probably won't understand how happy I am to see you again."

But I didn't take my gaze off his hands. "Whose blood is that?" He cocked a brow at me, rounded up with the washing and started drying his hands with a towel.

"Where is Jaris?" I looked around, starting to grow uncomfortable.

"Relax, wilI you? Jaris is fine. This is just the blood from someone who was proving to be stubborn."

Still, I gave him a suspicious look, keeping good distance between us.

"So," he threw the towel aside as he leaned against the counter. "What made you come to your senses?"

"I didn't come here to talk. Where's the contract? Let's get it over with so you can let Jaris go."

"Well, if you'll be signing the contract and get to live with me, we'll be doing a lot of talking. So maybe you should get used to it."

I kept quiet but pinned my serious gaze on him.

Getting the memo, he chuckled and dashed out to a room where he returned briefly with the scroll in his hand.

"You know you can't sign it now. It needs to be at night. There would be a full moon tonight, fortunately."

"I know. I just want to go through it." Opening my palm to him, he handed the contract while I took a good look at it.

Basically, I was meant to serve him and do his bidding. I'd also have nothing to do with Jaris and his people.This was like asking me to become an enemy with the very people that's been family to me.

"I'd like to add something," I said when I finished reading.

"And what would that be?"

"I'll only sign this if you include a promise never to touch me against my will."

The light vanished from his eyes, like it was an intention be already had in mind. Suddenly, I felt.grateful |brought it up.

i went on. "I can serve you and do your bidding, but that will, in no way, include sexual bidding. Add to this to the contract and I'll sign it with my blood when the Moon is out."

For a long time, he kept his cold eyes on me. Suddenly, he chuckled and moved away, going to the wine counter just by the side.

"You think that rule is necessary? What makes you think I'd want to force myself on you?" He asked as he poured himself some wine.

"Well,you're already forcing me do a lot of things. There are limits to the things I can be forced on, Caden."

His glass filled, he turned around and pinned me with his stare while he leaned against the counter and drank his wine.

Lowering the glass from his lips, he dragged his eyes through my body in a way that made me feel uncomfortable.

His lips lifted in a smirk. "You'll be with me for a long time, Lyric. You sure you want to rule intimacy out if it?"

I held his gaze even as anxiety washed over me and took a step toward him. "Your brother is the only man that's ever touched me, and I intend to keep it that way."

I didn't miss the dark glint that replaced the smirk in his eyes. Good. He needed to understand there were certain things Jaris had that he could never own no matter how hard he tried.

"You see, Caden," I crossed my arms. "You could force me to be here, force me to use my powers, but my body and heart will never be yours. There are certain things you can never take from Jaris."

Right now, I was playing with fire. Caden looked very angry and could hit me at this moment. But to hell with him.

"So, tell me please. Do we have a deal? Or not?"



By nightfall, Caden had included the rule in the contract. With the full moon, we both stood beneath it, the contract in hand. He still wouldn't let me see Jaris until the process was over. This was why I was eager to get it done and see how Jaris was doing.

A small blade was presented to us. We intoned a series of sacred phrases, then I went first by making a cut on my hand, dipped the feather into my blood and signed on the page that required my signature.The blood dried up immediately.

Caden did the same with his blood, the both of us officially binding ourselves to this contract with the Moon being our witness.

I felt disgusted at the end of it. But not Caden. He looked victorious.

"Now take me to him." I gritted at him.

"Don't be in such a hurry, Lyric. Remember you're about to say a painful goodbye to him. Or are you excited for that?"

I glared daggers at him.He chuckled as he led the way.

Finally getting to see Jaris' face was a breath of relief in a stuffy room. Like someone who had been trapped underwater for so long and only just broke the surface.

I hurried to his side where he laid on the bed. He looked like he was deep asleep, just like Caden had been all those years ago when I found him in the hospital.

Was this painful for him-l wondered fearfully. What if he was trapped in a dream, one where he constantly seek escape?

I cradled his face, a tear slipping through as I thought of turning away from him. It was crazy how a person's plan could change so drastically. Only two weeks ago, we'd been planning to elope. And today, I was about to say goodbye to what we shared.

"I'll give him the antidote now, Lyric. I'm sure you know what to do. Remember, we have a signed contract.You can't mess this up," Caden warned from behind me.
###Chapter 231 
LYRIC

I didn't even turn to glance at him but kept my eyes on Jaris as I thought of what I was about to do with his memories. I was sure there would be no mistake.

While we waited for the moon to come out, Caden had gotten me to experiment on three of his prisoners-crazy that he was already beginning to have prisoners.

My powers did precisely what I wanted them to do without killing the men-unlike when I'd killed that Executioner by accident.

"As soon as I give him the antidote, he'll be weak. That is when you Siphon him. Do you understand?"

"Is this necessary?" I glanced at him with teary eyes. "We could just... let him go and I'll stay away from him like the contract says. We don't have to-"

"No. I know my brother. He's never going to stop fighting for you even if you try to avoid him. He needs a good reason to stay away."

"To hate me, you mean!" I snapped at him. But he simply shrugged.

"Call it what you want. Now, do I give him the antidote or not?"

I bite down on my lower lip to stop it from shaking. Gods, I hated him so much. I hated the son of a bitch and hope he suffers at the end of this.

Sniffling, I moved away from Jaris. "Get him up."

Caden whistled, calling one of his men who came in with the antidote in a very small bottle. I watched with curious eyes as he lowered to Jaris' side to inject the antidote in him.

"How did you get that antidote?" I suddenly asked. "I mean, my powers wouldn't even work on him since he was poisoned with my blood. So, what antidote is strong enough to work on him?" "Don't bore yourself with the details, Lyric," he answered coldly without looking at me.

I couldn't say anything else as Jaris suddenly gasped awake. Every other thought flew out the window as my entire focus was on him.

He was awake! Caden was right when he said he'd wake him up.

Gods, at some point, I'd been scared the son of a bitch wouldn't keep to the end of his bargain.

"Now, Lyric! Do it!" Caden ordered.

Just like he said, Jaris looked weak and didn't even have his eyes opened yet. I wasn't sure he knew what was happening around him.

My feet felt like jelly as I went to sit on the edge of the bed beside him. His handsome face soon blurred in my vision due to the tears that had gotten worse.

"Damn it, Lyric. Stop stalling and do what I fucking asked," Caden snapped, his patience clearly growing thin.


I didn't have a choice. There was a contract binding us. I had to do his bidding.

Taking Jaris' hand in mine, I dug my nails into the flesh of his wrist and began the process. Tears streaked as I ran through the memories in my head-the memories I wanted gone from his.

I erased all our good times-the first day we met at that bar and he called me Princess.

That magical night where he touched my body for the first time.

The first day he kissed me.

All the little moments that seemed like nothing but deep down, we knew our hearts were synching.

Our first sex in Darkspire.

All the times I was there for him when he was at his lowest. The times he made crazy decisions for me.

Carefully and painfully, I stripped Jaris off his feelings for me. I siphoned the emotions that made me special in his heart.

I didn't stop until I was sure he was left with nothing and the name Lyric would never mean anything to him.

He was going to remember me, but only as a random girl he never should've met. The Siphon who killed his mother and managed to get away with it.

Our future was gone. As was our past.

I was shaking like a leaf by the time I finished and removed my nails from him. His eyes were still closed, and this time, it looked like he had gone to sleep.

My tears had shaped a sorrowful necklace, tracing the line of my neck. My heart ached terribly. Not just literally but physically-like a sharp pain carefully hurting me.

I brushed my fingers into my hair as I stood up, sobbing like a child.

"It's done. It's over," I told Caden before I ran out of the room.

****+****+

JARIS

I woke up in the middle of the night in a strange environment.

I'd been lying on a bench, and there was no recollection of how I got here. This was definitely not the Capital City.How did I get here?

I looked around, confused. Something felt wrong within me. Like there was something greatly missing.

The last thing I remembered was getting an arrow in my throat. I touched my neck, but the mark was gone.

Who shot me? And for how long was I passed out?

Three cars suddenly pulled up in front of me. Men ran out of themn, including Kael and Nerion.

"Your Highness!"

"Jaris!" "Boss!"

They all called as they ran toward me, every one of them seeming worried.

"Are you alright?" Kael asked as be sat beside me, placing a hand on my shoulder.

I gave him a surprised stare. "I feel okay. How did I get here? And...how did you know you'd find me here?"

"It's Caden," Nerion's face hardened. "He had you taken for two weeks and just sent us this location to pick you up."

What the hell? "Two weeks!? It doesn't feel like it."

"He had youpoisoned. So you stayed asleep the entire time."

I shook my head, unable to believe the son of a bitch got me this time.

"Why did he suddenly release me? What did you do?"

"I don't think we should be having this conversation here, My King." It was Kael who answered. "We should get going. We can fill you in in the car."

I was exhausted and didn't argue with them. I followed them to the car, but the whole time, I couldn't shake off the feeling that something was missing. Something I wished I didn't have to let go of but it was necessary to.
###Chapter 232 
JARIS

When I returned to the Capital City and saw the loads of damage that's been done while I was being held captive by Caden, my hatred for him only multiplied.

A lot of my people were dead. Properties destroyed, relationships broken. Everything was a mess.

Although my men informed me that for the past three days, there had been no more fights as the lower Alphas seemed to have backed down. But they have been very unresponsive.

I had a gut feeling that more was coming. And this would be something I wouldn't like.

****+****+

LYRIC

"That's enough," I told the makeup artist, bringing her to a stop.

"B-But this isn't what the boss asked me to do on your face," the woman tried to object.

"Like you said, 'my face'. Npw, I just told you it's enough. So,leave."

Bowing her head, she gathered her things and left with her assistants.

I sat with a steady frown on my face as I stared at my reflection in the mirror. I hated what I looked like. I was beautiful-yes. But I hated that I looked this way for him. And today, for the first time, he was going to introduce me to everyone-including Jaris' people.

It's been three weeks since Caden forced me to stay with him. I'd been doing everything he wanted-torturing people, getting answers out of some, and doing other despicable things to them for his satisfaction.

Word was out that Caden had a strong Siphon on his side. As a result, people had become very scared of him. He's used me as his ladder to power.

Aside that, he's managed to get control over the lower Alphas. The lower Alphas were in alliance with him and even considered him their King, and today, they were all about to hold a meeting to finalize their separation from the higher Alphas.

The werewolf world was going to be split today. Territories and families would split from people they had once dined with.

I shook my head in disbelief at the new reality. Caden was, no doubt, a scheming bastard. He'd carefully planned everything from the beginning.

The other day, I confronted him about it,and since he was already winning and had nothing to hide, he opened up about it. He told me he was the one who triggered the late Alpha Miguel to try to take the company from Jaxen, using his high-ranking authorities. He did this, knowing very well that it'd lead to a clash between the Alphas.

Then,he killed Miguel and made it seem like Jaxen did, making Jaris to hold a grudge against the lower Alpha.

From there, he orchestrated little fights between the two ranks, sparked reactions and waited for the whole thing to bloom into chaos.

Then, he stepped in like a savior to the lower Alphas, offering to help them when, in fact, this was all his doing.The guy was a monster.

I rose to my feet,sought for my jewelries and was slowly putting them on when the door opened behind me.Our eyes connected through the mirror where he leaned on the doorframe, his hands resting in his pant pockets.

He had a noble appearance dressed in a suit. I wanted to laugh at the sight.

"You look lovely. The dress, I mean." He pushed off the doorway, coming toward me in relaxed steps.

My belly grew tight, my muscles tensing. Done with the first ear, I reached for the second earring, keeping my eyes on him.

He came to a stop behind me, so close he was touching my chair.

"But the makeup..." he tsked. "Doesn't look like what I wanted."

My hand dropped from my ear, the earring still in it. "This is okay. I didn't want something too heavy."

"Hmm." He rolled his thumb against his lip.

Walking around the chair, he held my shoulders and slowly, turned me around to face him.

His eyes scrutinized mny face from side to side before he gave a shake of his head.

"Might be okay for you, but it's still not what I wanted."

His fist worked next, connecting with my belly.

I'd seen it coming. But what could I have possibly done when I knew there was no way to escape it?

I groaned as I bent in haIf, my hand flying to my midriff with the earring dropping to the floor.

His hand came to the back of my neck where he held me roughly. I was sure he was avoiding my hair and face because he didn't want to mess it up.

"You do things my way, Lyric. Not yours. I thought you should be used to this already?" He spoke with lethal calmness.

I bit my trembling lip as I fought to hold back my tears. I couldn't shed them on my makeup. It was only going to get him more upset.

"Now, what do you say when you're wrong?" His voice reduced to a slow whisper, his hand now caressing the back of my neck.

I hated the idea of giving him what he wanted, so I tried to hold off as much as I could.

"Don't make me hurt you more than I already have, Lyric. What do you say?" His voice got a little rough.

I sniffled,deciding I was tired and wanted this night to end already. "I'm sorry."

A smug smile crept into his evil face. His hand finally letgo off my neck as he took a step back, tucking both his hands into his pockets.

"Finish up and come out. We're almost late."

I glared hatefully at him as he walked out the door. There were so many things I wished I could do to him.Unfortunately, I was trapped in this hell wvith Caden.

*********+


JARIS

I stood in front of the window in my room, lost in the vast space I stared out in.

I was completely ready for the meeting, but that wasn't what bothered me. Just like it's been for the past three weeks, I've had this strange anger in me. Like there was something important I needed to do that was l was yet to.

I had the crazy urge to get mad and hurt someone, only I didn't know who.

Small knocks reached the door before my kids opened up and stepped in.

"Are you going out, daddy?" Xyla asked, her voice lacking excitement.

"Yes. But daddy will be home shortly."

"Are you going with mummy?"

"No. Mummy has her own place to be."

Marta had been doing all she could to accompany me to events for the past three weeks, but I wasn't interested in having any lady beside me.

"What's the problem?" I asked when I noticed the kids looking sad.

it's been hell around here for the past few weeks. My kids were no longer happy. Their eyes were mostly looking lifeless, their smiles hard to find. I didn't know what was wrong with them, but I sure hated it.

I crouched in front of them, running a hand through Xylon'shair. "Talk to me, sweetheart. Is there something you need?"

She stared into my eyes with her puppy-like kind of eyes. "Have you heard from aunty Lyric?"

###Chapter 233
JARIS

The astonishment that jarred me was forceful. Her question felt like a betrayal to my emotions.

"Why would you be asking about her?"

Xylon answered next. "We've just been worried. Have you seen her? Do you think she can visit?"

If it had been someone else and not the kids, only the Moon knew how I'd have reacted.

I straightened up. "You don't need to ask her about her. We don't need her in our lives anymore."

"But why!? We miss her!"

"Stop it, Xyla! Have you forgotten all the things she did? She killed your grandmother. She... She..." My brows furrowed as I tried to search for something else. Oh, yes! "She's currently with my brother, helping him against us. She left me even before..." I paused, realizing there were certain things the kids didn't need to know.

Lyric had been nothing but a pain in my life. There was not a single happy memory about her. All she ever caused me was pain. How did I ever stand by her when she was first discovered to be a Siphon? Oh, damn me;I should've handed her to the Executioners then. How was I so foolish?

I never should've gotten mated to her.

Kael opened the door slowly, peeping in. "The cars are ready."

****+****+

LYRIC

There was a ball of nerves deep in my belly; a ball that had been forming from the moment Caden and I left the house. Even in the car, I tried to beg him to leave me out of this meeting. I didn't want to meet Jaris.

But the gods forbid Caden miss out on an opportunity to rub me in Jaris' face.

The hand holding my purse curled around it so tight as we walked towards the hall. I tried to mentally prepare myself for it. Jaris would be there, along with some of the Alphas I'd known from him. What would his reaction if he sess me with Caden?

Although there was a part of me that's been eager to see him after all these while, but I was still so nervous.

Caden reached for my hand just before we reached the door. I shot him a questioning look and quietly tried to free my hand from his, but of course, the son of a bitch wouldn't let me.

Instead, he looked at me and smiled, letting me know he really loved this game.

There was nothing I could do as we finally walked through the door together.

There was a long table in the room, surrounded with chairs and filled with people. Yet I scoured my eyes around for just one person. And it didn't take me long to find him.

My heart dropped into the darkest recess as our eyes locked, an invisible strain hanging between us.

Jaris Dreadmoor.Right in front of me.

It was hard not to notice someone like him, when he was the only man whose authority flowed around him like currents. When he had this unmistakeable charm that made people like me want to kneel at his feet.

For a fleeting moment, the world didn't seem to exist anymore; only me and Jaris Dreadmoor.

Something squeezed in my chest when he lowered his eyes to my hand being joined with Caden's. It was hard not to notice the hatred his eyes passed onto us.

I lowered my eyes, guilt threatening to eat me up. By the moon, I shouldn't be here. Not at all.

"Gentlemen!" Caden announced. "I truly hope my lady and I didn't keep you waiting."

My hatred for him kept increasing. I stole another glance at Jaris as Caden led me to the table where I sat beside him.

He'd stopped staring at me, so I seized the opportunity and gave him a good stare. And it wasn't hard to do when he was sitting across from me.

I couldn't help but imagine: how has he been for the past three weeks? Has he been able to think clearly without me? I truly hoped siphoning our happy memories was enough to make him not be sad about me.

I wish he didn't have to look at me with so much hatred, but there was a part of me that felt assured that he wasn't hurting if he hated me.

Kael was sitting next to him while Nerion stood behind him, observing the place. But I didn't miss the two of them stealing glances at me. Even some of the high-ranking Alphas looked at me, like they were shocked with my switch.

Chairman Lyon cleared his throat. "Um... Alphas," he addressed the low-ranking Alphas on the table. "We're already gathered here like requested. Can we proceed with the meeting now?"

"I think I'll be doing more of the talking," Caden said. "Afterall, this meeting was my idea."

"Well, we didn't get the invite from you," Jaris answered. "I'm sure you know I wouldn't be here if you'd called for the meeting yourself."

Hearing him speak...it did unspeakable things to my body.

Caden chuckled. "Why don't we put the animosity behind us, brother and move on to the future? After this meeting, I'm sure we won't be having any more issues."

Jaris eased into his seat, interlocking his hands in front of him. "And who exactly are you speaking up for here? Youdo not hold a position on this table, Caden."

"That,brother, is the purpose for this meeting. By the time we're done, you'll understand my position."

"Can we move onto the point, please?" Chairman Lyon cut in. He turned to Alpha Jaxen. "Why don't you go ahead and tell us why this meeting was called for."

Caden tried to butt in. "I think I'll do that-" "If Caden is the one speaking, I'Il take my leave. He holds no relevance to me. So, I'Il not sit here and let him address me on a meeting meant only for Alphas and the Council."

Caden should've let it go. Instead, he went ahead to say something stupid.

"Would my Lady be suitable, then? Do you think she can address you?"
###Chapter 234
JARIS
I tried as best as I could to mask my shock. In the name of the Moon, the guy had completely lost his mind!

A wave of uneasiness rippled through my guts as Jaris angled his head and locked eyes with me. There was no spark in his cold eyes as they regarded mine. It was so serious that when he finally said his next words,I was sure he meant them.

"No. She holds no relevance to me either."

My eyes lowered to my laps where my nails idily played with each other under the table.

Caden chuckled before leaning back in his seat. "Fine. I'll have one of the Alphas address you, then."

Alpha Jaxen coughed slightly. "Actually, the reason we called for this meeting is because we're tired of the unnecessary bloodshed and violence. Gradually, our world has been divided into the high and low-ranks,and it is quite unfortunate that people like us are the ones who always suffer for it. For this, myself and the other low-ranking Alphas have decided to officially split. We are no longer interested in co-existing with people who see us as their minions. We are getting our freedom. We shall have separate lands, separate territories, separate facilities. Maybe a time would come when we'll be able to freely co-exist again. But for now,we demand the split."

Most of the high-ranking Alphas did not seem too shocked, as if they'd seen this coming. Well, it was obvious with the territorial restrictions that bad been going on for weeks.

I inclined my head, unable to accept the reality. I couldn't believe Caden had really succeeded in splitting the world. He said it, and the asshole was actually doing it.

For a full minute after Jaxen finished, there was silence at the table. Jaris held his gaze as he regarded him with amusement in his eyes.

"And you really think he will be fit to  be your King when this split happens?" Jaris asked. He wasn't looking at Caden, but everyone knew he was the one being referred to.

"An even better King, Jaris," Caden answered with a smile. "Trust me, you can't begin to imagine what I've done for them already."

A little more while of silence, then Jaris shrugged. "If you want the split, I won't stop you. Afterall, it's your life and your decision. But you must knowthis-you'll not be allowed to step foot in any of our packs and territories." For some reason, he locked eyes with me as he made his next statement. "If anyone is found trespassing, they may not leave with their lives."

My breath hitched in my throat as I quickly stared down at the floor. It was getting harder to hold his gaze.

"I'm sure my people will not trespass. The Dregs will be sure to mind our business," Caden smiled.

"This is ridiculous!" An older Alpha said. "We have been living together for centuries! How can we suddenly split now simply because of mere misunderstandings?"

"Lives were lost, Luther! Believe me, it's more than a mere misunderstanding!" Jaxen slammed his hand on the table.

"Well, you're a coward, Jaxen, you know that?" Another high-ranking Alpha said. "You'll dare make alliance with our enemy?"

"Why don't you leave the choice to us and focus on being Kings in your various Packs? We refused to be downgraded by our fellow Alphas."

"Then, to hell with you! You low ranks have been nothing but peasants! Surely, we can do without lots of you!"

"That's enough!" Jaris commanded.

The situation was hopeless. It was quite unfortunate that Jaris had plans of dissolving the ranks but never got the chance to before the issues started. Now, it was too late to do that. These Alphas were bent on leaving.

Jaris continued. "I have accepted your plea. If this is what every one of you wants, then you shall have the split. I'll draft the territories and restrictions and send it over when I'm done."

"I don't think you should be the only one to do that," Caden objected. "Aren't we all supposed to sit and mark the territories ourselves?"

"I'm the only onethat's King, Caden, and the only one that'll make these decisions. You'll only be a dictator to these people, never a King. And one day-which I'm very sure of-they'll realize how big of a mistake they've made, and unfortunately, it'll be too late for them to come home."

"Hm. You sound so sure they'll be regretting this. What makes you think the Alphas with you won't regret in the future?"

Jaris shrugged. "Why don't we see how that plays out, then?"

For a moment, they both held their stares, not uttering a word.

"Well," Caden sighed. "Since the splitting has been accepted, I'll let it known that no one from your Pack is permitted to touch anyone from mine. To be more specific," he leaned forward. "I'm referring to my Lady-Lyric. Your people would've killed her had I not saved her in time. Henceforth, she's a property of the Dregs,and as such, you do not have the right to lay a hand on her. Not anymore."

Jaris' eyes were stone-cold. He kept it calm like he didn't care.

"As long as your Lady doesn't trespass on my territory, I'm sure she'll be fine." He didn't even look at me anymore.

"Ah. Don't worry; there's nothing of importance in your Pack that'd bring her over."

"Are you sure about that? Are you... certain she doesn't have a litter boyfriend around there? If I remember correctly, she loves the attention of men a lot."

My lips parted in shock, my eyes unblinking as they looked at him; though he wasn't even looking at me anymore.

Caden's smile vanished for some seconds before he brought it right back. "Or maybe she's just a really loveable lady who attracts a lot of men. You know, we men love good things, and we tend to want to worship people like her. It'll be a shame for any man to lose her, you know?"

"Nah," Jaris tsked. "Only a man who hasn't been with her for a long time will say such nonsense. Being with your Lady is boring. The only time something happens is when she does something bad."

I couldn't breathe anymore. Sitting here and being the center of their rants made me want to lose my mind.

I was on my feet before I could stop myself.

"I-I need to use the restroom." I hurried off immediately, not looking at anyone else's faces.

My heels clicked against the floor as I trotted until I found the restroom. As soon as I made my way in,I shut the door with full force and leaned my back against it. The tears finally came flowing. This time, I didn't care about the stupid makeup or how mad Caden would be about it.

Everything was falling apart. It all felt like one stupid bad dream I was never going to wake from.

Gods,I was tired. So so tired.

I slid to the floor and wept for a long time. I knew this was going to happen when I siphoned our happy memories. If Jaris didn't have a reason to like me, of course, he was bound to hate me. I guess I just didn't prepare myself to be hated by him.

My phone vibrated in my purse. I took it out and found a text from him.

"Get over here. Right now!"

I sniffled as I forced myself to my feet. The last thing I wanted was for Caden to burst into this restroom himself.

My makeup was already ruined with pathways of tears. Fuck, this was definitely going to get him super mad.

I cleaned the tears I could as well as some makeup. I didn't lookas perfect as I'd come, and anyone would easily be able to tell I'd been crying.

When I opened the door to leave, I found Kael waiting outside the men's room, his hands tucked in his pockets as he leaned against the doorframe. I slowly stepped out of the lady's room and closed the door behind me.

"Lyric," he eased away from the door. He scrutinized me carefully. "How have you been?"

I wanted to laugh at the question.

I sniffled as I lowered my gaze. "I'm fine." The lie tasted bitter on mny tongue. Even I didn't know what it felt like to be fine anymore.

I turned away from him, attempting to walk away.

"Thank you,Lyric,for doing this."

I came to a stop, though I didn't turn around.

"I know it's hard. I know Caden is a monster and must not have been good to you. I know... it's hard having Jaris hate you like this when you're only in this position 'cause you saved his life."

The tears returned.

"I know it's hard that no one knows the sacrifice you made. I want you to know I'm deeply sorry, Lyric. So sorry you're in this situation. I hope...you find a way to get out soon."

Sobs broke free from my throat as more tears continued to flow.

Gods, it felt good. Felt good to know that someone understood what I was passing through. I couldn't even blame him for pushing me to Caden. If I hadn't gone to Caden, Jaris would've still been missing.

Dabbing my tears, I forced myself to stop crying and walked away, unable to utter any word to Kael.

This was my life now-the one I choose over my dreams with Jaris. The one I choose over my freedom.The one I choose because I fell hard in love.
###Chapter 235 
SIX MONTHS LATER

LYRIC

All eyes were on me as I walked into the huge complex, dressing smart in my grey corporate and black heels.

Behind me, my assistant followed closely with my bag and files in hand.

I didn't miss the subtle whispers of the people; the way most of them created distance between us like I was a walking poison.

Holding my head high and maintaining a straight face-the one I maintained when I acted like the people around me didn't exist-l walked into the elevator.

I came out of the eleventh floor and met the same reaction from the staff there. All of them stopped working,rose to their feet and kept their heads bowed as I walked through.

"Lady Lyric! We um...we were not expecting you, ma'am," Gregory's assistant said with trembling courtesy as he scurried beside me.

"Is your boss in his office?" I demanded without looking at him or breaking my stride.

"Y-Yes,ma'am. But he's in a m-"

"Then, stop following me. I didn't come here for you."

He obeyed while my assistant continued the walk to the office that was just in front of me.

I pushed the door open to a group of people in suits gathered in his office. Obviously, they were having a meeting.

Gregory was right at the head, his eyes threatening to burst out at the sight of me. "L-Lady Lyric!" He bolted upright.

The rest of the men in the room looked as uncomfortable as he did.

"I need the room with him."

The men didn't wait. They gathered their things and filed out of the office, leaving Gregory with me and my assistant.

I watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed hard.

"T-To what do I owe this visit, My Lady? Would you like some tea?"

"I'm fine, Gregory. Thank you." I ensured my voice remained business-like as I approached his table.

"I uh... I've been trying to reach the King. It's been impossible."

That was Caden. He's crowned himself King and made the people refer to him as one.

"I'm aware of that. Actually, that's the reason I'm here. He sent me to deal with you personally. Why don't you take a seat, Gregory?"

A shiny veil of sweat rested on his temples. He nervously rubbed his hands against his suit.

"Please, Gregory. Take a seat."

Despite how formal I sounded, he knew that something bad was about to happen to him.

Finally, he sat. But his anxiety seemed to grow when I walked round the table to meet him.

"I think you know why I'm here, Gregory." I circled his chair slowly, running my fingers along the edge of it.

I watched how he tensed from the close proximity.

"So, why don't we cut to the chase and make this a whole lot easier for us?"

"Lady Lyric, please. There's been a misunderstanding. I didn't-"

"The records were carefully reviewed by Caden himself. Those funds are missing, Gregory. And I think everyone knows by now how much Caden hates thefts."

"I-I didn't take anything! This is the reason l've been trying to get to the King to explain to him. I didn't-"

His words were cut off when I grabbed his wrist, tightening my hand around it. He gasped instantly, his eyes going wide in horror.

"I believe you already know what's happening to you," my voice remained calm as I siphoned the oxygen from his brain alone.

Yeah, I'd improved over the past six months and could siphon specific areas if I wanted.

Siphoning oxygen from the brain alone would keep him alive for the meantime but make him feel like he was going into a terrible trance.

What was it they said again? With more practice came perfection. Thanks to Caden for constantly using me as his human weapon.

"I'm going to take my hand off yours, Gregory; but onlyon the condition that you'll tell me nothing but the truth. If you lie to me again, you won't get another chance. Nod if you understand."

His mouth was wide open as he drew in deep gasps of air and looked like he was suffocating. With difficulty,he managed to nod, so I let him go.

I leaned against the edge of the table, crossing my arms casually like I didn't just try to kill him. I gave him some time to catch his breath and regain stability.

"Now, let's talk. What happened to the funds?"



Fifteen minutes later, I was done with Gregory and exited the building. The funds would be recovered and sent to Caden. Then he could do whatever he wanted to Gregory. It was out of my hands.

"Would you like to grab some food, ma'am? It's lunch time,"my assistant said as we settled in the car.

I turned on my laptop, not looking at her. "I'm fine, Bianca." Getting to Céleste Couture where I was the CEO, I made my way to my office, telling Bianca I didn't want to be disturbed for the next one hour.

I was exhausted. Gregory was the third man I had to visit today on Caden's orders, and I still had one more to visit in the evening.

I hated being his messenger-the one he sent when he wanted to kill someone or get results he knew would take longer with his men.

It was crazy how for the past six months, Caden had gradually made himself King over these people.Well,I was sure they saw it coming when they made the decision to split from the high ranks.

They called themselves The Dregs. The numbers had been quite large. Although, Caden ruled with an iron fist, he had made the place prosperous.

But the people were very scared of him. He wasn't your regular King-not the type you could reason with when you had issues.

The only way he's managed to keep everyone under his foot was by being nice to their Alphas. He gave them treatments that made them feel like Kings, hence, their people couldn't object even when Caden treated them badly. The guy was worse than a snake.

Opening one of the drawers in my office, I took out a file, flipped it open and pulled out the picture I had hidden in it.

Suddenly, the stress of the day seemed to vanish-like it always did-as soon as my eyes met with it.

I dropped the file and held the picture with both hands. A smile touched my lips as I ran my fingers along the curves of the picture.

It was a picture of my kids, holding hands as they walked out of their school together.

Xyla was pulling at Xylon's ear with a pout, probably upset with something he did. And her brother,always the cold one, didn't seem to mind her or feel a thing she did.

i laughed at the thought of it. I couldn't think of a more perfect picture. Gods, I missed them so much. But it brought me so much joy to know they've been doing fine over there.They were the reason l've been able to stay sane despite the madness surrounding me. The reason I've been able to live through each tortuous day.

A tear escaped my eye, joining the smile on my face. Holding the picture to my chest, I leaned back in my seat and dozed off.
###Chapter 236 

LYRIC

There was an important text I'd been waiting for, and as soon as it came in, I left the office even though it wasn't closing hours.

Bianca left with me, sitting in the passenger seat while I drove.

I only started taking her along a month ago when I discovered she'd known the whole time but hadn't said a word. She'd been of great help to me. Was a good lady,actually.

"You should've let me drive, ma'am. You look exhausted," she complained beside me.

"I always look exhausted, Bianca."

Just as the words left my mouth, my eyes found the rearview mirror in front of me. Sadness threatened to rip me apart at thebleak reflection.

I wasn't lacking in clothes and adornment. Caden made sure I received enough of it and always leftthe house with enough makeup on. But that was just as much as he could do to my physical appearance because no matter how hard you tried to make the body look good, there were certain kinds of pretense the body still wouldn't fall for.

Over the months, I'd grown thinner. Although it didn't look bad enough for anyone to think I was starving,but it was bad enough for the people who knew me before to know l'd not been at peace. This was something Caden had not been able to conceal.

I barely had appetite, spent my days being busy working in the company or executing Caden's orders, and had sleepless nights most of the time.

I woke up most mornings with headaches. Most times, I'd feel suffocated from being in a place I didn't want to be. On nights I managed to sleep, I'd have terrible dreams-the ones of me and Jaris. They'd start happy at first with our beautiful memories and all, then slowly depreciate until the very point where I siphoned him to forget all about me.

Then, I'd wake up in tears, hating myself for giving him up even though I knew I didn't have a choice.

The people out there believed I was Caden's Queen and living my best life. They had no idea I was going through the worst phase of my life.



It took Bianca and I two hours to reach our destination. We were in the Capital City-a place we both had no business being in.

This was dangerous. I could get killed for being here, and Caden would have my head if he ever gets to learn of this.

But I couldn't help it. It wasn't often I get this opportunity.

We were parked by the side of the road in a deserted place where I was sure there was no one around.

I moved to the backseat where I changed into my casual clothes. Bianca did the same. Afterwards,l attached the fake beards and moustache, then put the hoodie over my head.

Bianca changed as well, tied a scarf around her face in the usual way that only revealed her eyes.

While I appeared like a man, she appeared like someone from the North.

We continued the drive into the City, ready to mingle with the rest of the people.



Though I was making a dangerous move, watching the scene in front of me made it all worth it.

I couldn't stop smiling as I sat on the bench, watching the kids play from afar.

They were in an amusement park with Maddy, running around and having so much fun. Maddy had made it a point of duty to bring them to the park from time to time. Fortunately for me, I used the opportunity to see them.

"Should I take a picture?" Bianca whispered beside me.

She often made it seem like we were spies and she wasn't supposed to raise her voice when talking.

"No. I don't want us to look suspicious."

"But the little girl has a new hairstyle. Wouldn't you want a memory of it?"

She took out her phone, zoomed in on them and stylishly took a picture, in a way I was sure no one noticed.

Bianca didn't know who the kids truly were to me. To the best of her knowledge, I was simply attached to them as we'd been very close before now. She was one of the guests at their birthday party and had seen how they picked me for the games over their mother.

In her words, she fell in love with our relationship at that time and perfectly understood why I had a hard time detaching from them.

"How does it look?" She asked as she showed me the picture.

My heart warmed at the sight of it and I ended up staring longer than necessary.

"It's beautiful," I stared back at them. "Have it printed out. Make sure no one sees it."

"You got it, ma'am."

····

Unfortunately, we had to leave at some point. I still had to get home early enough to avoid Caden's suspicions.

When Bianca and I reached the car, we found someone waiting beside it. An old friend.

"Jace!" I made to hug him but quickly restricted myself when I remembered we were in public and I looked like a man. It'd be weird if I jumped on him like a woman. "Hey." He touched my arm. "How was your day?"

"Fine,I guess."

He glanced over my shoulder at the park behind. "You done with them?"

"Yeah. Thanks for the tip."

"Lyric..."

I already knew what was coming.

"I'd love to keep helping you meet them, but it's dangerous. How long do you think it'll take before you get caught somehow?"

"I know, Jace. But believe me, I've been careful."

"Careful is never enough and you know it. You're in forbidden territory."

My eyes dropped to the floor, the harsh reality of his words punching me in the guts.

"I miss you, Lyric. I'm sure the kids do too. But you're taking a huge risk. If you ever get caught by Jaris, I'm afraid he'll hurt you really bad. The guy has become something else."

His words twisted my heart in a painful grip.Oh, Jaris...

"I'll try to stop. I just ..." I sighed heavily. "Seeing them keeps me sane, Jace. It makes me want to keep living."

"Lyric-"

"But you're right. Just...one last time. I'Il see them once more and that'll be it. I'll stop, I promise."

He gave me a disapproving look but fortunately didn't argue.

"Thank you for the help so far." I bobbed my head and made my way to the car.

He reached for my hand before I could open the door. Bianca was already on the other side of the car, so she wouldn't hear us this time. "How have you really been, Lyric?" He kept his voice low, letting me see the seriousness.

I managed a small smile. "I've been fine."

"Lyric."

I took a deep breath, rolling my eyes to disperse the gathering tears.

"It's been hard, Jace. But it's all worth it. Knowing Jaris åand the kids are fine..." I chuckled. "It's worth it for me."

He let go of my hand, his eyes holding so much sadness that was rarely seen in them.

"I have to go," I muttered before entering the car.



My heart felt heavy as I walked into the mansion-Caden's palace.

It was a place that looked like a piece of heaven; yet it was always going to be my personal hell.

The men dipped their heads as I walked past them at the door. I'd been hoping that somehow, he'd be out of the house. But his cars were complete out there, hinting at my doom.

I felt fortunate when I didn't find him in the living room. Maybe I could make it to my room without seeing him.

But who was I kidding? He was right there, waiting at my door.

He had his legs crossed in front of him as he leaned against the wall, his hands casually tucked in his pockets. He looked so intimidating; in the kind of way that always made me want to be away from him.

The monster himself.

"You're late." The coldness in his voice almost gave me a shiver.

I forced my head to remain high, trying as much as I could to hide the jitters he made me feel.

"I had extra work to take care of." "Hm." He tilted his head. "And somehow, it didn't include you going to Marcus."

An alarm went off in my head.

Shit! Marcus was the last person I was supposed to take care of for the day. I completely forgot when Jace texted me that the kids were visiting the amusement park.

My mask slipped for a second, making my fear a little visible.

###Chapter 237
"I'm sorry it slipped my mind. I took care of the first three in the morning."

"And you think that makes it perfect?" He chuckled, pushing off the wall.

Good Moon. Watching him move was totally unnerving. It was getting harder to keep my mask on.

"I did not put you in this position to deliver incomplete jobs, Lyric.I want perfection."

I didn't ask to be in this position-I wanted to yell at him but knew better than to utter such to the monster.

I resisted the urge to retreat as he got closer to me. Before I knew it, the back of his hand was connecting to my face.

My head reeled to the side, my teeth clenching tightly against one another.

He grabbed my jaw roughly, forcing me to look at him. "What could possibly make you forget my order, huh?Have you been distracted?"

I fought back the tears as I stared dead into his eyes. My cheek hurt, but I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing me cry. Not today.

"Fucking answer! Have you been distracted!?" He yelled into my face.

I slowly shook my head, swallowing down any retort I'd have given to him.

"So,why did you forget?"

Finally, I put up a small struggle, getting my jaw free from his grip.

"I've been trying, Caden!" My voice came out louder than I intended. "You send me on these side errands while I have work to do at the company. I didn't finish with the third person until noon today, then I had to get to the company to get some work done over there. I'm stressed, Caden! So, would you blame me if I forget sometimes!?" His hand came to my hair at once, pulling so hard I yelped.

With the hair, he pulled me closer to himself.

"Talking back at me now, I see."

He tightened his grip in my hair. "I don't care how stressed you are, Lyric. You're to do what I want, when i want it. You live to serve me, remember? So, you fucking do it right!"

He accompaniedhis words with a punch to my belly.

I groaned painfully and tried bending in half, except he wouldn't even let me as he forced me to stand straight with my hair.

"And the next time you talk back at me, you'll get much worse."

He shoved me roughly to hit the wall. My head hurt from the sudden impact.

I clutched my side and waited till he was gone before I ran into my room.



JARIS

"Please! Just one more chance. Please, my King! I'm begging you!"

His plea sounded boring now. I wondered how long it'd take for them to accept how worthless it was at this moment.

"You broke the rule, Darwin. And according to the law, your properties must be seized from you until further notice. At the right time, I'll release them back to you," I replied without looking at him.

"B-But how will my family and I get to live? Please, My King; I beg you to reconsider."

"You should've thought about your family before you stole from a business partner. Weren't you aware you were bringing suffering to his own family?"

"I know. And I'm sorry for what happened. He's even forgiven me already and-" "Well, I don't forgive. Now, get out befoe I truly reconsider my decision and have you banished instead."

When he still wouldn't leave on his own, I ordered my guards to drag him out. I found it funny when people expected mercy from me. Mercy was for the weak. I regret the times I didn't take action and simply showed mercy.

When I finished from the courtroom for the day, I headed for the kids' room to check on them. I'd been so busy I hadn't seen them since the previous day. I heard Maddy took them out earlier today and would love to see how they were doing.

"Don't you think you should've gone a little easier on the man?" Kael asked beside me.

I'd handed a lot of men today, but I knew the one he was referring to.

"He broke the rule. What did you expect?"

"I know he broke the rule. But I've seen you let go of similar cases of recent."

And I hate myself for showcasing that level of weakness.

"I am merely acting like a King. If anyone breaks the rule, they get punished for it. It's as simple as that."

He stopped talking when he reached the kids' room. Xyla was already asleep-unfortunately. But Xylon was still up, drawing something in his book.

"Hi, dad," he stood up from the floor to give me a hug.

"How have you been? Heard you went out with Maddy today? Did you have fun?"

"Yes. Xyla slept off." He glanced at her. She must've played so hard she got tired. Typical Xyla.

I imagined her saying much if she was awake. She'd have described how her day went in detail. The girl was a talkative-something I loved about her.

"And why are you still up?" My gaze fell on his drawing book. "Drawing something?"

He nodded and sat back on the floor. I took a closer look at the drawing. It was a weird one.
Xylon was definitely going to be a good artist when he grew up. But for now, his sketches were still amateurish.

Observing carefully, I could tell it was a rough sketch of a man. At least, that was what it looked like. The person had beards and a moustache with a hoodie over his head. The drawing looked poor and unclear,but this was what I could make out.

"Who's this?" I asked out of curiosity.

Nothing prepared me for his reply.

"Aunt Lyric."

A mental snap echoed within, sending a frosty wave coursing through me.

I knew he was wrong, but nobody had mentioned that name around me in six months. Getting to hear it now all of a sudden filled me with a bizzare sentiment.

"Why are you still thinking about her?" I tried as much as I could to mask the anger from my voice. "Besides,that isn't Lyric. That's a man."

"It's her!" He glanced up at me. "I smelt her at the park today. It's her."
###Chapter 238
JARIS

My brows furrowed. I turned to Kael who looked as confused as I was.

I took the book from him to have a clearer look. This was clearly a man. How can it be Lyric? And Xylon wasn't even supposed to smell anyone yet.

Except... there was a day he'd been able to smell her. I couldn't remember what exactly happened that day,but I knew he'd smelt her.

"Are you sure about this? You saw this person at the park and knew it was her?"

He nodded. "When I smelt her, I looked around and knew it was her."

My grip tightened on the book. Did that traitor disguise herself as a man and came to my Pack? To my territory?

Cold rage passed through my veins. How dare her!? How dare her do something this stupid!? Has she fucking lost her mind!?




LYRIC

Today was one of those days when I managed to feel happy. I was traveling for a couple of days. There was an important deal I needed to close in Singapura.

My heart brimmed with hope at the prospect of being away from Caden for a few days. I'd be free.

I was just zipping up the last bag in my room when he walked in. Anxiety threatened to get a hold of me, but I pushed it aside.

All you have to do is endure, Lyric. You'll soon be out of here. You'll be free from him.
"Ready to leave?" He asked from behind.

"Yeah."

This was the only time he allowed me out of his sight. As long as it had to do with closing a business deal that benefited him.

I stiffened when I felt him coming closer. I closed my eyes temporarily, reminding myself that I hadn't done anything yet to warrant his rage.

He stopped right behind me, his spicy cologne infiltrating my nose.

I flinched when his hands landed on my shoulders and he leaned forward, taking a deep breath.

"Hmm.You smell good."

Irritation crawled all the way to my lungs. Unable to endure any longer, I shrugged him off, took some steps back as I faced him.

"You don't have to touch me like that," I mumbled, unable to keep the bitterness from my tone.

He wore a crooked smile as he leaned against my dresser while I went ahead to gather the rest of my things.

I could still feel his touch on my shoulders, and it filled me with nothing but pure irritation.

This wasn't the first time he was touching me like this. Once, he tried to go even further. If the contract he signed wasn't in the way, he'd have forced himself on me long before now.

"What do I need to do to make you mine, Lyric? To submit yourself wholly to me."

Nothing, monster. Just being with you right now makes me want to lose my mind-I thought angrily.

Gods,how I wish I could say them to him.

"I've given you almost everything," he spread his arms. "You're seen and treated as a Queen. Everyone fears you.You have the money, power and can always demand for anything. I've given you a life you could never dream of, Lyric. Why can't you just submit to me?" I didn't know the right words to say to him. So, I kept quiet and continued packing up.

"I'm talking to you!"

I shuddered. I hated it when he raised his voice.
"I don't know, Caden! We had an agreement. We signed a contract which is the only reason l've been with you, doing your bidding. So honestly, there's nothing you could do that'd make me yours because I don't even want to be here."

It was hard to miss the disappointment that crossed his eyes, followed by indignation. It was in times like these he'd hit me. But I didn't even care. He could hurt for me all I cared, it still wouldn't change the fact that I'd never be his.

He kept his eyes on me for a long time before he pushed away from the dresser.

"Gather your things and get going. You have a flight to catch."

To my surprise and relief, he walked out without touching me.


After a long flight, Bianca and I arrived Singapura.

It felt so good to be away. Felt like I could breathe again.

There was a car waiting at the airport for us. We were taken to our suite where we met with Mr.Ming at the reception. He was the president of Jinyi Creative Group. and the one I'd come to close this deal with.He was also the owner of this mega hotel.

"You look lovely, Ms. Lyric. I'm delighted to see you," he said with a smile that made his eyes smaller as we shook hands.

"Same here, Mr. Ming. Trust everything's going fine?"

"Oh, definitely!"

He and Bianca exchanged pleasantries as well. "The meeting is not until morning," he continued talking to me. "So, you should go in there and have some rest.Please, let me know if you need anything else."

"Sure,thanks."

"I'll just get your key card."

He departed to the reception while I took my eyes around.

"The interior is so lovely, ma'am. I've heard a lot about this hotel back in our country. I had no idea it looked even more beautiful than people described," Bianca gushed.

I nodded. "It's quite pretty."

My eyes now at the entrance, I saw the revolving doors open to let someone through. Other people had actually entered through that door since Bianca and I arrived, but nothing prepared me for the very man that made his way in now.

Air abandoned my lungs as I stared at familiar silver eyes.

Jaris?
###Chapter 239 
LYRIC

"Oh, my goodness!" Bianca gasped beside me, clearly seeing him too. "How is he here?"

My mind scrambled for words that wouldn't form. I felt completely numb, the reality that I'd been away from him hitting me so hard.

It was the first time I wasseeing him in six months.

It wasn't until his eyes ran into mine that I could breathe again. There was no instant reaction on his face;as if he couldn't understand or believe he was seeing me. When it finally dawned on him, his facecrunched up in surprise.

"The card, ma'am," Mr. Ming held the card to me.

I blinked away and took the card from him.My mind was a mess I forgot to say thank you.

What was Jaris doing here?

I glanced at him. The surprise was gone from his face, replaced only by irritation.

Kael,Nerion and two other men were behind him, yet I hardly noticed them.

There was a lot of distance between us from where he stood, yet he seemed so close.

"Uh...we should probably go, ma'am," Bianca whispered. Likethere was any other way.

Sucking a breath in, I forced my legs to move.

Inside the elevator, I managed another glance at him before the doors would close up. He was talking to some men in suits.

I couldn't believe it. Would Jaris and I be staying in the same hotel? I didn't step out of my suite until morning when I had to go for my meeting.

I was torn between wanting to meet with Jaris and praying I didn't run into him.

I didn't meet him on my way to the conference room. How was I even sure he spent the night here? He might've left after seeing me.

The meeting was long but successful. Myself and the board came to a pleasant conclusion that was beneficial to both parties. Mr. Ming assured me that the necessary documents would be ready by the following day. All I'd have to do is sign and I'd be on my way.

I felt sad knowing I'd have to leave this place and get back to my hell with Caden.

"By the way, if you wouldn't mind, Ms. Lyric, there's a little party taking place at the rooftop later tonight,"Mr. Ming offered just as I was about to leave. "You know, it's something classy and all. There would be a lot of dignitaries in attendance. It'd be a nice opportunity to meet more business-minded people."

It made sense. But that was majorly for someone who gave a shit about the company. I hated that I was doing this job for Caden. I wished his companies weren't progressing like they were.

But... I could really use the party to clear my head.

"Sure. Thank you, Mr. Ming."

We shook hands before I left with Bianca.

Bianca made some reasonable comments about the meeting as we headed for the elevator.

We clicked the button and while we waited for the doors to open, I went through my phone, checking for new emails or texts.

I didn't bother lifting my head when the door opened and just simply walked in. Bianca entered hesitantly,and by the time I understood why, it was too late.

Behind me was Jaris,on a phone call. I thought of rushing out but even that was too late as the door went closed.

For the love of the Moon!

I took a deep breath, shut my eyes and tried to make my mind believe he wasn't behind me right now.

But that was too hard to do, especially when I heard his voice.

"Yeah, I'll have to call you back."

I mentally saw him ending the call.

"Y-Your Highness," Bianca turned slightly to him as she dipped her head. She couldn't hide her nervousness like me.

Jaris didn't acknowledge her, which only discouraged me from paying homage. I didn't even have the confidence to talk to him. I felt so trapped.

I didn't realize I hadn't pressed my floor button yet. How could anything make sense when someone like Jaris was behind me?

What was running through his mind-I wondered. Did he hate the fact that I was here? Would he get mad if l at least,greeted him?

The elevator's ascent seemed to take forever. Finally, it reached his floor.

Bianca and I parted ways for him to get through. There was a tiny part of me that wished he'd somehow brush my shoulder. But that didn't happen. He was careful enough to act like I wasn't there.

I didn't expect him to say anything, but I was wrong.

"Next time, you use the next elevator," he said the words as hewalked out, his back to me.

I held my breath as the words struck the wrong nerve. The most painful part was, not once did he look at me. I only saw his back as he walked away while the elevator doors closed up again.

"Are you alright, ma'am?" Bianca asked, her voice soft with concern. "Yeah.Why wouldn't I be?"

I pressed my floor button and breathed properly as it descended.

I thought my nightmare was over. Or at least, I thought I left it back in the country.

But for the second time today, I was wrong. Because when Bianca and I reached our suite, we found my nightmare waiting at the door.

Oh,gods.What in the name of Selene was Caden doing here?

He wore his perfect smile-the one he always wore when he was about to be manipulative.

"Looks like you're done," he shoved off the wall, his hands tucked in his jacket pockets. "Trust the meeting went well?"

I didn't even realize I'd stopped walking. Bianca too.

"Wh-What're you doing here?" I shook my head, like this was a memory I could disperse.

"What does it look like? I camne here to surprise you." He glanced at my feet. "You should come over."

My heart raced painfully. Blinking rapidly, I pushed myself forward, Bianca doing the same.

"Greetings, sir," she bowed.

"Bianca. You've been doing a great job. How're you today?"

"Very fine. Thank you."

I watched with detest as he acted like a proper gentleman. Bianca had no idea he was a monster behind closed doors.

Caden returned his gaze to me. "You don't seem too happy to see me."

"It's-It's not that. I just wasn't expecting you."

"Hm." He smiled. "Can I get my hug, then?" What the hell? Asking me for a hug in front of Bianca?

The people out there believed Caden and I had a good relationship. If I were to reject his offer now in front of Bianca, it'd seem off.

His smile spread as I approached him. He definitely knew what he was doing.

I gave him the shortest hug I could before we all proceeded into the suite.

Why did I have a feeling Caden's arrival had something to do with Jaris being here? He's never accompanied me on any of my trips before.Why would he show up all of a sudden?

The suite contained two rooms. Bianca proceeded to her room while Caden followed me to mine.

Okay. Where was he going to spend the night? Because he definitely wasn't sleeping with me here.

I quietly walked to the table where I began taking off my jewelries.

Caden was behind me, keeping me scared.

"Have you seen him?"

That was the one question that confirmed my suspicion. It had to do with Jaris.

"Mr. Ming? Yes. We just finished from the meeting" I pretended.

He laughed, though the laughter ended as quickly as it started.

"Don't play smart with me, Lyric. You know who I'm talking about."

"Except I don't."

He rushed toward me, grabbed my shoulders and roughly turned me around.

"Don't fucking upset me. Have you seen him!?" His eyes flashed with burning rage.

"I didn't know he was here."

He held my gaze for a long time before letting me go. "Good. Now be sure to keep it that way." I glared at his back as he walked over to the closet. How the hell did he know Jaris was here? Was there a spy in Jaris' pack?
###Chapter 240 
LYRIC

I was working on my laptop in the living room when Mr. Ming knocked on the door. I was surprised to see he was the one when I opened up.

"Ms. Lyric. Hope I'm not disturbing?"

"Not at all, Mr. Ming. Do you need something?"

"Not exactly. Just wanted to know if you'll still be coming to the party."

The party... I'd actually forgotten about that.

Well, while I had wanted to go initially to clear my head, I didn't think I could do that anymore with Caden here.

"I'm afraid I've changed my mind," I said with a sorry smile.

"And why are you changing your mind? A party sounds fun," Caden's voice wrapped me in a heavy cloak of anxiety as he came up to stand beside me.

Goodness.I thought he was in the bedroom and wouldn't hear us. When the hell did he come out?

"I'm-I'm just stressed, Caden. I just think I could take care of other things with the time."

"Oh,my hardworking Lady," he put a hand around my shoulder. It took me a lot of self control not to push it off in front of the man. "You work so hard that you forget to live sometimes. Tonight will be different. We're going to the party." I stared up at him.

"I really don't want to go.l-"

"We'll be going, Mr. Ming," he cut me off.

I bit the inside of my cheeks to stop myself from saying any more. The asshole definitely knew what he was doing.

"Very well. I'll be delighted to see you two down there," Mr. Ming said with that usual smile that made his eyes smaller.

He retrieved a card from his pocket. "This is your pass. You'll need to show it to the guards when you arrive.The time is seven p.m. I'll be expecting you."

I shut the door a little too hard when he left while Caden continued staring at the card. "Hope you have a dress to wear, Lyric. We have a party to attend."

·····

Despite my attempts to convince Caden to let it go, he insisted and forced me with him to the party.He even fished out a dress for me which ended up being a long blue dress.

My hands grew clammy with sweat with every step that brought us closer to the rooftop. There was one thought that had been constantly nagging at me, threatening me: "He's going to be there."

As much as I tried to ignore it, I knew there was a high possibility. And gods, I didn't want to see him.Especially not with Caden beside me.

The air at the rooftop was cold. But the party going on was colorful, classy and luxurious.

The music played softly in the background while the guests chatted and laughed in small groups, most of them holding flutes of wine. The space smelt of wealth.

But that wasn't exactly what concerned me. As I scoured my eyes around, I wasn't admiring the guests.I was looking out for 'him.' And it didn't take long before I found him.

My heart picked up on its race; my senses became more aware of everything.

He was talking with someone and hadn't seen me yet, and a part of me prayed he wouldn't. Caden was holding my hand. I didn't want him to see that.

Mr. Ming came to us with a broad smile. "Ms. Lyric! Mr. Caden. You did come." "I told you we would. The party's lovely, by the way," Caden replied warmly.

"Ah! Thank you for that. Come with me; l'll introduce you to some of the guests."

He took the lead while I prayed something would distract him. I didn't want to move around!

My eyes found Jaris again. He still seemed lost in whatever conversation he was having. My brows furrowed when I noticed a strange sight. There was a lady beside him that dusted the arm of his shirt, as if it remove dirt or something.

Something didn't feel right about it. I knew Jaris. He wouldn't allow even his secretary touch him that way.Who was she?

Since her back was turned to me, I didn't know what she looked like. But from the shape I saw behind, I think she'd be a pretty girl.

Kael and Nerion weren't at the party with him. It left me to wonder where else they could be since they always enjoyed keeping Jaris company.

As Caden and I followed Mr. Ming, the asshole did something crazy. He put a hand around my waist!

"Stop it.Please!" I whispered but kept my voice firm.

"Why?" He leaned in so his breath brushed against my ear. "Looks like the only way I can get your attention away from him."

My throat ran dry. He caught me staring at Jaris.

"This is a public space, Caden. Please, take your hand off. I don't likeiI insisted.

"Being in a public space gives me even more reasons to do it. The people think we're a perfect couple,Lyric. It's only right to give them some evidence from time to time."

Damn it!

I tried to stylishly step out of his hold, but his grip only grew firmer.

"If you don't stay still this instant, I might do something I won't regret." There was an icier edge to his tone, the one that always hinted at hurtful promises.

Anger swelled in my chest. But there was nothing I could do. So, I had to endure the sting of his hand as Mr.Ming led us to his guests.

He introduced us to various guests who were delighted to see us. Most of them got interested in one of our companies and even took our contacts.

Anxiety bubbled up within me when Mr. Ming led us toward a direction I didn't wish to go.

Jaris was there! He was going to see me!

"I-I think I need to use the restroom." I tried to slow down my steps, except Caden wouldn't let me out of his grip.

"I'm sure you can hold it in a little longer, love. I'll accompany you myself when we're done with Ming," he said with a smile that almost seemed genuine.

"I think she should go if she's pressed, sir."

"Oh. Don't worry about it, Ming. I'm eager to get introduced to the rest of the guests."

The man smiled and continued the tour.

And finally, we got to them.

Jaris' eyes were already on me before we reached them. His cold stare, seeming so empty and devoid of excitement unleashed a chill that snaked its way down my back. His eyes fell on Caden's hand around my waist, and the look of cold indifference that I found in his eyes made me shudder. He didn't seem angry or jealous. Only...irritated.

He looked so much like the Jaris I'd been scared of almost a year ago when my father introduced me to him to get mated. Looked so much like the cold-blooded Alpha who had interest in anything but love. He looked like the Jaris I'd been happy I'd escaped.

Was the Jaris I knew truly gone? "Gentlemen," Mr. Ming addressed the other businessmen in the circle. "Please, meet Mr. Caden and his Lady." He went ahead to add more details about us.

I was so nervous and couldn't even keep my gaze up.

"Your lady's quite beautifuI,." One of the men at the table complimented.

Caden laughed. "Oh, I know she is."

I finally took note of the lady beside Jaris. She had an elegant pose and stared at me like she held a grudge.

"Hua. How're you doing?" Mr. Ming asked her.

To my surprise, she replied; "I'm fine, Dad."

Dad? She was Ming's daughter?

"Mr. Jaris. I hope you're doing well, sir? Is the party going well for you?" I noticed he used a more respectful tone on Jaris. I wasn't sure these people knew much of our history-like what happened between the three of us back in our country. Otherwise, Mr. Ming wouldn't have brought us to this circle.

Jaris,being who he was, took a sip from his flute and shrugged. "The party was going well until a while ago."

He turned to the girl beside him. "Want to go somewhere else?"

"Of course."

Something ticked in my brain when I saw Jaris wrap his hand around her waist. She giggled, leaned into him and placed her hands on his chest.

My air supply seemed to have been cut off. Why did the sight affect me so much?













 



















































































































































 
 


 

















 

 
  
































 

















  





