
###chapter 1

********
Cursed to forget his mate, a werewolf Beta battles dark magic devouring his soul. As his human lover lies dying in a hidden sanctuary, their shattered bond ignites a race against time. To survive, they must reclaim a love erased—or perish divided.
*******
What do you do when your Alpha was nearly assassinated and is now out of commission; you've killed a pack member; your mate is dying and beyond your reach; and the house you are standing in has gone up in flames - all in the last two hours?
Yeah, Decebel thought. Hell, if I know either.
As the mansion burned and smoke filled the spaces that the flames had not, Decebel and the other males in his pack continued to search around the premises, making sure that no one was left inside.
Decebel and Fane finally reached the suite where they'd last seen Vasile and Alina. Much to their relief, the Alpha and his mate were gone. Hopefully, that meant they'd gotten to safety. Decebel looked into the adjoining room. The dining table still rested there, perfectly set, food half-eaten, glasses half-filled. Only the two glasses spilled on the floor were out of place - Vasile's and Alina's - surrounded by the poison that had almost killed them.
Just goes to show that there's never a dull moment in the life of a Canis lupus.
"I can't smell anyone, but that doesn't mean anything.  The fire and smoke would cover any scent," Decebel told Fane.
"We need to get out.  Now." Fane urged his Beta.
"Is your mate safe?"  Decebel responded.
Fane nodded. "She says Vasile and Alina are safe as well. It appears that all of our pack made it out, as well as Jacque's father. And she says to tell you that if we don't get our furry butts out of here right now, she will personally," Fane paused and, cringing, shook his head, "it's better if you didn't know. I say we just heed her warning and get out."
Fane and Decebel took off at a run, heading for the front door of the mansion, which was quickly becoming a death trap.  The flames burned ever hotter, melting plaster, scorching beams and consuming anything else in its path.  Several times the two had to jump over flames and duck under falling boards.   
Finally, they pushed through the front door, still surrounded by smoke-filled air. They kept running. Their lungs cried out for fresh oxygen, burning with each breath. Fane flew straight into Jacque's waiting arms. Decebel couldn't help but notice with a twinge of jealousy, reminding himself that his own mate was cold, lost, and hurt. He wanted to howl at the injustice of it.   He'd finally heard the voice in his head that he'd been longing for-Jennifer's voice.  No sooner had he heard her distress call than she had been taken from him. He gritted his teeth and put his anger to a positive use, checking over the rest of the pack.
He saw Vasile and Alina seated in front of a tree, leaning against the large, rough trunk. The ground around them had been swept free of snow in an attempt to keep the Alphas as dry as possible. He headed straight for them, pausing on his way to touch his pack mates, sending reassurance through a simple act.
"How are you feeling, Alpha?" Decebel asked as he crouched down in front of Vasile and Alina, who was finally awake. Decebel tried to keep a submissive stance as he knew it was difficult for his Alpha to be seated on the ground while everyone else was standing.
"Getting stronger, thanks to Sally." Vasile's eyes briefly shimmered with moisture as he looked over at the soot-covered brunette who - to every one's astonishment - had been revealed as a gypsy healer.
 "Are you regaining your strength as well, Luna?"  Decebel addressed his female Alpha in a rare show of formality.
Alina nodded and gave him a small, reassuring smile. "I will live another day, as long as Vasile needs someone to keep him in line."
Decebel chuckled. "Thank goodness for that." His smile faded quickly as his wolf stirred, reminding him that he needed to be searching for Jennifer. He shook his head, trying to clear the fog. He did need to search for Jennifer, but he had promised her that he would get her friends to safety first. That meant getting them as far away as possible from whatever magic fueled that unnatural fire.
He looked back at Vasile.  "That fire... It moved like it was alive, like someone was controlling it, maneuvering it."
Vasile nodded. "We need to talk to Sally. As a healer, she should be sensitive to magic, especially dark magic."
"We need to get our pack to safety first," Decebel told him carefully, making sure that it didn't come across as an order.
"I agree, Beta. I trust you to make that happen."

Decebel called Sorin over.
"I need you to get a head count of our pack.  Advise the other Alphas to do the same," Decebel's voice was commanding. It was time to get things in order and get out of the open, where they were most vulnerable.
Sorin nodded and moved quickly through the crowd to an open area. He made the announcements and then began calling out pack member names.
Skender, Boian, Fane, Jacque, Costin, Crina, Sally, and Cynthia formed a circle around Decebel. He noticed the humans shivering in the cold, but none were complaining. Their faces were covered in soot, their clothes were singed, but determination filled their eyes as they waited trustingly.
"What's the plan, Beta?" Skender asked.
Dillon walked over from his own pack, stepping next to Jacque.
"Whatever I can do to help. My pack is at your disposal." He told the Romanian Beta.
Decebel nodded, but did not respond verbally.
Jacque gave a brief smile to her father and then turned her attention back to Decebel.
"We need to get out of here," said Decebel.  There's a village we drove through about ten miles down the mountain. We should see if there's a place we can stay there. We need to check and see if any of the vehicles are salvageable." Decebel began giving orders, needing to stay busy, building a plan in his mind towards fulfilling his promise to Jennifer. The sooner he did that, the sooner he could start searching for her. "Males, you check out the vehicles. Females, organize our pack into groups to ride. Ask the other packs to do the same."
Without a word, all the wolves turned from Decebel to carry out his orders.

"Can I please have your attention?" Sally tried speaking above the murmuring pack, teeth chattering.  No one heard or bothered to pay her any mind.  Cynthia and Crina grinned at her sympathetically. Jacque smiled. "Step aside, healer - how can you even speak with your chops going to town like that? Let me show you how it's done."
Sally did the mature thing and stuck her tongue out at her best friend, which was made all the more difficult by the teeth-chattering.
Jacque stuck her thumb and middle finger in her mouth and let out an ear-piercing whistle -   which was even more piercing for the wolves, with their sensitive ears. Silence fell and all that could be heard was the crackling of the fire that continued to rage, giving the only light to the dark night.
"Listen up, please." Jacque spoke loudly to make sure that she reached the ears of those at the very back. "Some of the Romanian males are checking to see if any of the vehicles are still in working order. We need to divide everyone up into groups so that we can take as many as we can at a time down to the village.  It's about a ten-mile drive."
Jacque watched as the other packs began to break up into groups. She looked over at Sally and winked. "That, my gypsy friend, is how you do it."
Sally rolled her eyes. "How kind of you to take the time to teach me, oh wise wolf princess."
Jacque's smile faltered. "That sounded like something Jen would say."
Sally wrapped her in a firm embrace. "He will find her. There is nothing, and no one, that will stand in his way."
"I don't doubt that. My worry is what he'll find when he does." Jacque wiped a tear that slipped down her face.
Crina and Cynthia wrapped their arms around Jacque and Sally, and Jacque could feel comfort flowing from her pack mates. My pack mates she thought, and for the first time, she truly felt like a member of the Romanian Grey Wolf pack.
"I would tell you not to worry, love, but I know that's not fair to you. What I will tell you is that I'm here for you."  Fane reached out to her through their bond, no doubt having strongly felt her grief.
"Thank you, wolf-man. There will be time for tears later. We've got to get our pack to safety."
"I knew you were going to make an amazing Alpha," he told her as Jacque felt his lips on her forehead.  Warmth seeped into her as Fane used their bond for more than just words.

The girls stepped back from the embrace and Sally grabbed Jacque's hand, looking over at Cynthia and Crina. "Come on, let's do this. Jen would kick our butts if she thought we were just standing around and not - as she would say - getting our asses in gear."
"She does have a way with words." Jacque smiled and they began to separate their pack into groups to travel to the village - and hopefully to safety.

"Rachel?" Jen's voice was weak as she spoke, and growing weaker.
"I know that you don't know who I am, but you can trust me. I'm on your side," Rachel tried to reassure the girl at the bottom of the cavern. "Gavril, my mate, is going to jump down and get you. Please don't be afraid of him."
Jen chuckled weakly. "You should meet my mate, then you wouldn't worry about me being afraid of yours." Her words were strained as she tried to speak around the pain that wracked her broken body.
Rachel turned as she saw the sky light up in the direction of the large estate south of them.
"We must hurry. I can't shield us much longer," she told her mate.
"I'm coming down," Jen heard a gruff voice announce, which was quickly followed by a soft thud.
Jen tried hard to be unafraid, but when a strange wolf jumps into a hole that you've been pushed into, you tend to be afraid of everything.
"I won't hurt you," the voice told her.
"I don't think you're going to be able to avoid hurting me if you're going to move me." Jen cringed at the thought of being moved or even touched, for that matter.
Gavril knelt down in front of her. "I know that you can't see me, but I can see you. You are losing blood from that head wound. I'm going to take off my shirt and place it against the wound.  See if you can apply pressure to it to help stem the flow."
Jen nodded, knowing that he would see her response. She heard some rustling and then felt soft fabric against her head. She reached up with her good arm and pushed the shirt firmly against her scalp.
"Okay, good.  Now, I'm going to lift you. I know it's going to hurt and I apologize," Gavril told her gently.
"Not your fault." Jen's voice came out hoarse and shaky.
She felt his arm come around her back and the other arm slip under her knees. As he lifted her from the ground, Jen bit her lip to keep from crying out in pain, so hard that she drew blood.  The pain was so intense that, though she tried to fight it, her exhausted brain shut down in an attempt to escape the hurt her body was enduring.
Gavril bent at the knees and jumped from the cavern with one powerful push, landing gently in front of his mate.
"She's passed out," he told Rachel.
"I'm surprised that she is even alive after that fall." Rachel gently pushed Jen's blonde locks from her face. "She's a pretty one."  She took a deep breath of Jen's scent, "and she's a dormant."
"Come, Rachel," Gavril urged. "We mustn't linger. The witch is near and she cannot discover you."
"It's going to take a lot to heal her," Rachel admitted as they started off in the direction of their home. "She said she has a mate. He's going to want to know where she is."
"We have to be careful or he will lead Thad's witch straight to our door," Gavril warned his mate.
"I understand that, love.  But you know as well as I do that he will tear this mountain apart to find her."
Gavril didn't respond. He knew how dangerous a mated male could be when his mate was injured. His first priority was to Rachel, to keep her existence a secret. The only thing that the Serbian Alpha, Thad, wanted more than a mate was a healer, and Gavril's mate was the most powerful healer in the history of their species. He had to protect her at all costs, even at the cost of one dormant's life.

Jen's head swam as the darkness began to recede. She tried to open her eyes, but they wouldn't cooperate. She felt pain course through her body - someone was carrying her.
"Decebel." She reached out instinctively.
"Jennifer!" Jen smiled to herself as she listened to the worry in his voice. Why was he worried if he had found her?
"You found me." Jen made it a statement rather than a question.
"No, baby. I haven't found you. Why would you think that?"
"But you're carrying me. I can feel you."
"Jennifer, who has you?" Decebel's voice was full of fear and anger.
Jen was trying desperately to remember what had happened, how she had ended up being carried The girl, her mate - she began to get glimpses in her mind.
"Her mate, he jumped down. He put his shirt on my head." Jen's voice faded as she tried to think.
"He?" Even through their very new mental bond, Jen could hear the anger lacing his words.  "A male has you? He doesn't have a shirt on? Jennifer, think! Who are the female and her mate?"
"Quit growling at me, damn it! Oow! Crap, that hurts." Jen cringed as she felt her body being jarred.
"Baby, I'm not growling at you. I just need you to try to remember. Do they mean you harm?" Decebel tried to soften his voice.
"I don't think so. It hurts, Dec. I can't think. I just want to sleep for a while." Jen's voice began to fade.
"Jennifer, stay with me a minute longer."
Jen loved the sound of his voice, the deep timbre of it. She nearly groaned when she felt his lips on hers and his fingers caressed her face.
"How are you doing that?" she asked him, her voice breathless through their bond.
"It's the bond. I just imagine touching you and somehow you feel it."
"Oh, the possibilities." Jen grinned inside.
Decebel chuckled.
"Hmm, that's the sound I like to hear." Jen imagined running her fingers through Decebel's soft, dark hair.
She heard him growl in her mind. "I have to find you, love. Try and think. How did they get you?"
"Have you wondered what our babies would have looked like?" Jen asked absently as she frowned inwardly, trying to picture the future she might have had with her wolf.
"Baby, this isn't really the time to discuss our babies. Let's focus on who is carrying you so that I can get you back. Then we can make babies."
Jen groaned and felt the arms around her tighten, which brought a gasp from her. Decebel must have sensed her pain because she felt his worry.
"I'm okay. It just hurts." Jen actually felt a smile spread across her face. "So, you want to make babies with me?"
This time when Decebel laughed she swore that she could feel his hands run down her sides to her hips.
"Only you would want to discuss making babies at a time like this."
"Well, you have to admit that it's a better topic than my nearly being killed and now being kidnapped. Seriously, Dec, I'd much rather think about us making babies."
Jen felt another jolt of pain shoot through her - it took her breath away. She felt her consciousness begin to fade.
"I love you, Decebel. Even if we never make babies, I love you." The last thing she heard before the world disappeared was Decebel's deep, determined voice.
"I love you too, baby. I'm coming for you."


###chapter 2
Decebel squeezed his eyes shut as he felt Jennifer slip away again. He had nearly fallen to the ground when he heard her voice in his mind. She was alive - that was what he had to focus on right now. He couldn't think about the fact that she was in the arms of an unknown male wolf, or that she was in so much pain she was losing consciousness, and he definitely couldn't think about the fact that she wanted to make babies with him.
Decebel thought about how her voice had sounded in his mind. Even in pain and fear his mate would lighten the moment and try to distract him.  How had he been so blessed to get a woman who would stand up to him, challenge him, accept him, and love him for the overbearing man he knew he was? At that exact moment he didn't know or really care, he just knew that he needed Jennifer; he needed his mate back in his arms where she would be safe. And as soon as he found her, he would chain her to his side so she would never be out of his sight again.
He chuckled to himself. Yeah, I'd like to see me try to chain her, he thought, then smiled even bigger. Although, my mate would probably like being chained.
Decebel rubbed his hands across his face, setting aside his thoughts about Jennifer while he dealt with the matter at hand.

Fane, Skender, Dillon, and Boian pulled up next to the large crowd in two black Hummers and two vans.
"Excellent." Jacque smiled as she watched the four males climb out of the vehicles.
Decebel waved over the Alphas from the other three packs.
"Each of you take a vehicle and begin transporting your packs down to the village. See if you can find a place large enough for all of us - or a couple places, if that's the best we can do. Dillon, you take a vehicle as well, and get your pack down the mountain." The Hungarian and Bulgarian Alphas nodded and walked off, shouting orders to their packs, as Dillon began hollering orders to his own pack.
Decebel turned to Sorin. "Get Vasile and Alina in the vehicle first. Then the females, with one male to each vehicle.  Have Dorin drive. The rest of the males will stay here with me and wait for their return."
"I'm on it." Sorin nodded and then turned to Skender. "Help me with Vasile and Alina. I'm not sure that they are quite ready to walk on their own. Don't assist Vasile unless absolutely necessary. He won't want to appear weak."

"I want to stay with Fane," Jacque told Decebel.
"With all due respect, Jacque, you do not outrank me yet," Decebel told her firmly.
Fane pulled Jacque to the side. "You must go, love. Take care of the females while my mother is weak."
Jacque pursed her lips together as her eyes narrowed. "If you let something happen to yourself, I'm going to be pissed. Don't say I didn't warn you."
Fane smiled as he leaned forward and kissed her forehead. "I consider myself on notice. Know that those feelings go both ways, Luna. Take care of yourself."
Jacque wrapped her arms around Fane's neck, pulling him tight. "I love you," she whispered in his mind.
"That's good to hear, because I plan to keep you around for quite some time," Fane teased, trying to keep the moment light.
Jacque stuck her tongue out at him as they separated. Fane winked at her, praying that they would be safe as she headed toward the Hummer and climbed in behind Sally.

Decebel, Fane, and Costin watched as the four vehicles, packed beyond capacity, headed down the mountain.
Decebel felt a chill run through him as the temperature seemed to drop unnaturally. He glanced in the direction of the burning mansion. His brow furrowed as he remembered how he had watched the fire engulf and devour the structure.
Definitely not natural, he thought.
"Sorin." Decebel called to his pack mate. "You're older than I am." Sorin nodded in agreement. "What do you know of dark magic?"
Sorin's face paled as he looked just to the right of his Beta's eyes, so as not to challenge him.
"It comes from witches." Sorin's voice was strained.
"I thought those were just tales," Decebel commented, remembering the stories that other pack mates would share.  It was a lot like telling ghost stories; only the ghosts were witches who could curse you to have three eyeballs or no tongue.
"There is always some truth in fables," Sorin told him.  "Unfortunately, in this instance, I think the reality is much worse than the stories."
Costin and Fane were now listening intently.
"Why do you want to know about witches and dark magic?" Fane asked Decebel.
"There was something behind that fire. I could feel it, like oil running over my skin. It was greasy and thick."
Fane nodded. "I agree that something was in the air. I felt it too.  Something evil."
"There hasn't been a documented witch in centuries." Sorin was shaking his head. "And even when there were witches, it was - is - forbidden for packs to employ them or seek out their help."
"Well, it's pretty obvious that Thad isn't really concerned with obeying pack law. He did attempt to kill our Alpha and my mate, after all," Decebel ground out.
The wolves waiting for the vehicles to return huddled with their pack mates, seeking comfort from one another. Decebel felt the chill again. Something was wrong.
Something was coming.

"I want Vasile's spawn crushed into nothing." Thad paced in the woods a mile behind the burning mansion. "Just a pup and he's found his mate. I've been waiting for centuries!"
Thad turned to look at the woman who was holding her hands toward the fire, muttering under her breath.  Desdemona - or Mona, for short - was an extremely powerful witch. A witch that his pack had employed for several centuries. Though, Thad would never admit it, even to himself, he was terrified of Mona.  Thad had seen her do unspeakable things in his pack's service over the years.  She was the epitome of evil. Even her name-Desdemona-meaning "of the devil"-testified to the darkness of her soul. Thad watched and waited as she continued to bring the mansion to the ground.
Suddenly she dropped her arms and turned to face him, piercing him with her eyes, one blue, one black - both filled with malice. She had long hair, black as night with one strip of white near her face. Aside from the freaky eyes, she was a beautiful woman - a beautiful woman who would cut your heart out and feed it to the wolves if you crossed her.
"I've told you before, Thad, I cannot kill from a distance without the lifeblood of the one you want dead." She sounded exasperated, as if talking to an annoying child.
"What can you do to him? Surely a witch four centuries old can do something," Thad taunted.
"Watch yourself, wolf," Mona hissed. "I work for you, but I will not be disrespected."
"My apologies." Thad bowed his head and knew that his words and posture had placated her.
"So, you're pissed because he has a mate at such a young age?" she asked.
"Pissed is putting it mildly. If you can't kill him, take her away from him."
Mona walked a slow circle around Thad, arms folded across her chest as she flipped through the curses in her mind. Thad watched as a grin so wicked it could cause demons from hell to cower spread across her evil, albeit beautiful, face.
"I have just the curse to take care of our little wolf pup." Mona rubbed her hands together as her eyes began to glow," Nutrea uitat, cherished forgotten, a curse that will remove his treasured memories and return him to the worst day he's ever lived through."
"What if the worst day he's ever lived through was while he was with the half-breed?" Thad questioned.
"It won't be.  She is his most treasured memory. She will be wiped from his mind because every day spent with her is like paradise to him. So, with her gone, his mind will return to a time before he met his mate.  The curse will cause his mind to go to a time that was horrific for him," Mona explained, but the tone of her voice made it clear that she didn't like having to do so.
"Now, I need you to keep silent." She glared at Thad until he raised his arms in surrender and stepped back, leaning up against a tree.
Mona turned toward the mansion again and began to seek out the life forces of those nearby. She could feel a strong pull just beyond the mansion. The packs, she decided. They had run the opposite direction and were waiting. She smiled to herself. Witches had been wiped from the minds of the Canis lupus long ago. The wolves feared magic and tried to ignore it, thinking it would just go away.  
We are not so easily forgotten, she thought. I will remind you wolves who wields the power and to whom you should bow.
As she focused on the power of the wolves she began to chant.

"Earth, water, wind and fire,
Heed my words, fulfill my desire.
Find the one whose name is Fane,
Seek him out, make your claim.
Bind his memories, treasured few,
Take him back to feel the pain anew.
In his mind, mysteries uncovered,
Rip out the mate he has discovered.
Earth, water, wind and fire,
Hear me now, do as I desire."

Mona continued to focus, waiting for her spell to hit its target.
"Did it work?" Thad asked impatiently.
"Shh!" Mona growled. "I will feel it when it hits him."
Seconds ticked by. The wind began to pick up and Mona's hair started to whip around her face. Her eyes glowed and darkness seemed to wrap her in a cloak, caressing her, embracing her as a lover. She closed her eyes once more as a crash of thunder echoed across the sky. Then she let out a skin-crawling growl.
"It didn't work? What happened? Speak, witch!" Thad snarled.
"His Beta protected him." Mona spoke through gritted teeth. "Somehow he heard the spell in the wind. He shouldn't have been able to."
"What are you going to do now? Can you send another spell to Fane?"
"Damn wolves." Mona turned on Thad. "There are laws that bind our magic. We can't just do whatever we want, wolf. The curse hit the Beta instead. You said he was mated?"
"Yes, but I tried to have his mate killed. I don't know if she is indeed dead but I don't think so. From the way he spoke in those last few moments in the mansion, she was still alive but injured."
"So, you want the Beta's mate dead as well? Damn wolf. Do you want all of their mates killed?"
Thad growled at her.
Mona shook her head. "Just hold on."
She began to think aloud, working through the possibilities. "Now the Beta no longer remembers his mate. Right about now, he should be awakening. He will remember the worst day of his life and will think that today is that day.  I can't curse Fane now.  Even I don't have the power to maintain two curses such as this.  Damn the laws fate has bound me with. I could curse the Beta again to make sure his mate is never found..." She tapped her lip with her long fingernail. "Hmm. That has possibilities. If the Beta couldn't find his mate, then the Alpha would assign his most trusted to the hunt. That would leave them exposed, vulnerable." Mona smiled and turned back to Thad. "The Beta will be the only wolf able to find his mate," she announced.
"How is that going to help?" Thad's brow furrowed.
"He won't remember who she is, dummy," she told him, waiting for him to get the obviousness of the situation.
"So?" Thad shrugged.
Mona groaned. "Are you kidding me? The universe wasted a perfectly good amount of energy on your life," she mumbled. "As her mate, he would be able to use their bond to find her. If he doesn't remember her, he doesn't even remember her scent. Even if he can still hear her through the bond, he won't trust the voice. He doesn't know that he's even met his mate."
Thad made an "oh" motion with his mouth.
"We don't have to worry about the bond. Though I'm convinced they are mates, there were no mating signs," he told her.
"Excellent. So, the only wolf who can find her can't remember her." Mona wiped her hands together as if to clean dirt off them. "That takes care of one mate."
"What of the others?" Thad asked.
"Vasile will have his most trusted wolves looking for the Beta's mate. That means they will be out from under the protection of the pack. Vulnerable. It will give me time to work on some special spells for our little prince." She grinned wickedly.
Thad shivered. "You give me the creeps sometimes."
"That's too bad. I was going for warm fuzzies with all the cursing and killing." Mona waved him off. "Give me the name of the Beta and his mate and then be quiet."
"Decebel and Jen," Thad told her as he resumed his position against a tree.
Once again, Mona reached out for the life force. Specifically, she sought out the one full of confusion. As soon as she felt him, his strife, confusion, pain, and anger rolled over her.
"There you are, little wolf," she muttered. Focused on the Beta, she began.

"Earth, water, wind and fire,
Heed me now, fulfill my desire.
Follow the curse given this day,
Continue to bind with what I say.
Decebel, Beta, Mate to Jen,
Though he is, strong as ten,
Unravel what their fate has wove,
Should he seek her, let him rove.
No bond will master what I've wrought,
No mate he'll find, if she's sought.
Earth, water, wind and fire,
Heed me now, fulfill my desire."

Evil smiles stretched across Mona's and Thad's lips when moments later they heard a howl so full of pain it made the hairs on their arms stand up.



###chapter 3
Decebel closed his eyes and tried to tune out the pack mates around him. There was something on the wind - like a whisper. Using his wolf's hearing, he listened intently.
There.
There it was-a chant of some sort. The only words he could decipher were something like, "binding memories," and then he heard Fane's name. At that moment, Decebel felt his wolf push forward, a primal need to protect his Prince propelling him ahead. Thunder rolled across the sky. Before his human mind could even react, Decebel leapt in front of Fane.  A supernatural bolt of light hit Decebel in the chest.  
Darkness consumed him. The lights went out.

Fane watched as his Beta, who had just jumped in front of him, fell to the ground. Sorin, Fane, and Skender all took up defensive positions, looking into the dark night, searching for the enemy.
"Sorin, what happened to him?" Fane called out.
"Dark magic," Sorin growled. "He's been hit with a curse."
"What kind of curse?"
"We won't know until he wakes." Sorin looked back to Costin, who growled as he watched his Beta unconscious on the ground. "Costin, take Skender's position. Skender, Boian, and Fane - surround Decebel. He might wake up feral and need to be subdued. Fane, as Vasile's heir you can draw on his power, just as Decebel can. Do it if he's uncontrollable. We cannot have a feral wolf of his strength running around."
The men moved to follow Sorin's orders, glad to have a job to do as their wolves were pushing to take action.
Just as Decebel began to move, another flash of light hit his chest, pushing him back into the ground. The entire pack, as well as members of the three packs left waiting, began to snarl and growl.
"Hold your phase!" Sorin growled as he began to see his pack mates' claws and canines descend.
The night became quiet but for the steady growls. Each wolf was standing alert, ready for anything that might come at them.

Several minutes passed and nothing happened.  Decebel began to stir again. Fane and Skender helped him sit up. Suddenly his head snapped around and the wolves saw his glowing eyes and long canines. He lifted his eyes to the sky and let out a tormented howl. The powerful, audible grief that filled the night pulled every wolf to their knees. Howls ripped from their chests and they mourned with the Beta, even though they didn't know why.
The howl died and Decebel rose into a crouch.  "Cosmina!" He snarled. He looked at Skender, then to Sorin. "Unde este sora mea? Am privit-o cum moare. Am ținut-o în brațe acum câteva moment. (Where is my sister? I watched her die. I held her in my arms moments ago.)"
Sorin looked at Decebel, his brow furrowed as he tried to understand what the Beta was saying.
"Why is he asking about his sister?" Fane asked.
Decebel growled at him. Sorin stepped in front of Fane, instinctive for him to protect the wolf who had been his charge for so long.
"Ce știi despre sora mea, lupușor? (What do you know of my sister, pup?)" He growled at Fane. His eyes continued to glow.
Fane's wolf - being a dominant as well - pushed forward to meet the challenge. His eyes began to glow also. A low growl rumbled in his chest.
"Fane, he is still your Beta," Sorin reminded him.
"And I am an Alpha," Fane responded, his wolf not wanting to relent.
"Calm yourself," said Sorin.  "We don't know what Decebel is suffering right now.  He needs our help." 
Fane closed his eyes and drew his wolf back. Taking slow, deep breaths, he calmed the beast that demanded he prove his strength.
Sorin, avoiding direct eye contact, continued to look Decebel's way. "Decebel, do you understand what I'm saying to you?" he asked in English.
It was obvious that something had happened to Decebel's mind.
Decebel narrowed his eyes at Sorin. "Yes, I understand you," he forced out.
Finally, he stood, body tense, legs spread wide, ready for action. "I ask you again, Sorin, where is my sister? Who the hell are all these other wolves?"
Sorin relaxed his stance, trying to let Decebel see that he was not challenging him.  It was clear now that Decebel's memory had been altered somehow.
"It's been a century since your sister died."
Decebel snarled and, moving quicker than the eye could follow, grabbed Sorin by the throat. "You lie! I know what just happened. I feel the pain of it coursing through my veins even now. WHERE IS SHE?"
Upon seeing his long-time guardian being threatened, Fane's wolf could not relent.  Instantly Fane responded, seizing Decebel's own throat with both his hands.  Decebel held fast to Sorin, but turned his gaze upon Fane and snarled.
"Easy boys."  Sorin forced out.  He held up his hands to call down the wolves that were easing forward to intervene.
"Decebel, you know me. We are pack mates. Would I lie to you?"
Decebel listened to Sorin as he turned his gaze back upon his longtime pack mate, searching for any deceit. Finally, he released his grip and held up his hands, cutting his eyes toward Fane.  Fane released his Beta and stepped back.
Sorin caught himself before he crumpled to the ground. Straightening his clothes, he spoke earnestly, but calmly.
"Decebel, I think you've been cursed. The year is 2010. We've been attacked by the Serbian Alpha.  We think he might be using a witch. Two powerful lights hit you in the chest and knocked you out. We don't know what the curses are, but we have a gypsy healer who might be able to figure it out."
Decebel swung around, slamming Sorin with his amber eyes. "Gypsy healer? Since when do we have a gypsy healer?"
"That's what I'm trying to tell you. It's not 1910, it's 2010. One hundred years have passed since Cosmina's death."
"How can that be?" Decebel asked, not speaking to any one person. "And yet, even as I stand here, memories fill my mind that could only be after her time. I know the things that existed in 1910." He began to pace as he tried to work out the confusion that muddled his thoughts. "But I also know of all the things that have been created since. Why do I feel like today is the day she died? Every single raw emotion; every jolt of pain; every lethal streak of anger. I feel those as if it had just happened."
No one responded to Decebel's monologue, watching him with wary eyes.
"Our ride's here," Costin spoke up, and everyone turned to watch the two Hummers and   two vans pull up.
Sorin looked back at Decebel to see his reaction. After hearing him say that he had memories of things that had happened after Cosmina's death, Sorin was unsure what things would be new to him. But Decebel didn't act surprised or confused by the modern vehicles.  
Sorin stepped closer to his Beta as the other wolves began to pile into the cars.
"I know you are confused and hurting, but you've trusted me since we were pups. Please trust me now. I can take you to Vasile and Alina."
Decebel's head snapped up. "The Alphas are here?"
Sorin nodded.
"I will go with you."
Decebel gritted his teeth as he followed Sorin to the vehicles. As he climbed in, he recognized Skender, Dorin, Boian, and Anton. Earlier, he'd recognized a few others - Emilian, Ciprian, and Stellion. He ignored the wolves he didn't recognize. He could feel his dominance over them. They were no threat.
"Where are we?"
Sorin answered, "We've been in the Transylvanian Alps for nearly a week. We had a multi-pack gathering."
Decebel's forehead wrinkled as he drew his eyebrows together. Images filled his mind, images with black holes in them.
"Why do I remember this?"
"What do you remember?" Skender spoke to his Beta for the first time since Decebel had regained consciousness.
"I remember being here. I remember fighting with some wolves from the Serbian pack, but I don't know why. I remember being locked up, but I can't remember why. There are these blank dark spaces in my memory." Decebel's voice was steady, though his words became terse as his frustration grew. "Why don't I remember some of these wolves with us? I can smell that you are pack, but I have no memory of you."
"I wish I had answers for you, Beta. I'm as lost as you are," Sorin admitted.
Decebel stiffened. "I am not your Beta, Sorin."
"Yes, you are. You became our Beta shortly after your sister's passing," Skender offered.
"I have no memory of that. Surely, I would remember something as important as that," Decebel growled out.
The vehicle grew quiet after he spoke these words, the only sound was the hum of the engine as they traveled down the mountain to the village. Decebel stared out the window into the darkness - he felt one with that darkness. The empty places inside him, and this unexplainable pain that was ripping him in half, drew him away from the light. He closed his eyes, searching for things that he didn't even know were lost. But he could feel that something was gone. Something very important and sacred to him was gone.

When they arrived in the village, Sorin saw Jacque and Sally standing in front of a large building. The lack of light on the street allowed the sky to twinkle with stars as far as the eye could see in every direction. The building, a tavern, was two stories and had a sharply pitched roof that glistened with snow. Five chimneys stood proudly from the roof and smoke billowed from them, disappearing into the cold night sky.  The four windows on the second story flickered with light, most likely due to oil burning lamps or lit candles- making it evident that this town had no electricity. The first story boasted a large covered porch with two wicker chairs facing each other. Next to the chairs, two worn wooden benches sat on either side of the large door that granted access to the interior.  A sign hung from the roof that declared the tavern name "Cîrciumă" (Tavern).
Very original, Sorin thought. His eyes swept back to the two girls huddled close together to keep the cold at bay. They waved the vehicles over.
After exiting the car, Fane walked directly over to Sally and Jacque. He needed to fill them in before they could provoke Decebel with their usual abrasive remarks.
Sally and Jacque's mouth's both dropped open as their eyes fell on their Beta. They noticed his overly grim face and shadowed eyes. Fane quickly explained what had happened, but the subject was dropped as Decebel came near.
"There is a large gathering room at the back," Jacque told Fane, "but we're already at standing room only. Isn't there another group coming?"
Fane nodded as Decebel passed them. Once he was out of earshot, Fane went on. "We would have waited to be the last ones down, but Decebel is dangerous right now. We needed to get him here." His eyes fell on Sally, who took a step back at the look that he was giving her-a look that said he was about to drop a bomb in her lap. "We need you to work your magic on him. We don't know what happened. Sorin thinks it's a curse."
"What magic?  I don't have magic."  Sally's eyes widened. "How will I know what to do?"
Jacque took her friend's hand. "Every time you've needed to know something, your gypsy brain has provided it. Trust your gift."
Sally took a deep breath and let it out, puffing her cheeks as the air left her lungs. "Okay. Bring it," she said steeling herself.
"That's my little gypsy trooper." Jacque winked at her.
"Gypsy trooper, really?" Sally rolled her eyes.
"When Jen gets back, I'll let her take over the nicknames and insults.  But right now, I think that she would want me to fill in for her," Jacque teased. She and Sally had decided to talk about Jen in the present and with a positive attitude, as if she would be returning at any moment. They felt that maybe if they pushed for a positive outcome then it would happen. Thinking of the alternative just wasn't an option.
"Fair enough." Sally nodded as she turned to follow the other wolves into the tavern.
She, Jacque, and Fane were the last to enter the back room. Oil burning lamps hung on the walls, creating a soft, eerie glow. The fire in the large stone fireplace popped and crackled as the wood burned with bright orange flames.
Jacque noticed the packs had created a semi-circle, facing Vasile and Alina at the front of the room. She then observed Decebel kneeling before them, shoulders slumped forward, head bowed.  
"What's going on?" she whispered to Fane, deliberately not using their bond so Sally could hear.
"He's paying fealty to his Alpha. He does not remember that he is our Beta."
Jacque gasped. "You're kidding."
"Afraid not, love," Fane responded as he guided the two girls through the crowd. As he got within listening range, he heard Decebel's soft words.
"I renounce my right as Alpha and in doing so dissolve the Western Romanian pack. I believe we should merge our packs and be one, as you have said - The Romanian Grey Wolves. I choose to be your second, to support you and no other. I will protect you with my life; I will protect my Luna before all others, as you have commanded; I will protect the pack; I will be faithful; I will be humble in this role you honor me with. Do you accept my fealty?"
"Decebel, look at me," Vasile told him gently.
Decebel raised his head and looked at the man who had mentored him and loved him like a son.
"I know that you do not remember, but I have already accepted you. You have been my Beta for a century."
Decebel began to shake his head, the glow in his eyes filled with disbelief.
"You have trusted me, just as you have trusted Sorin. Would I lie to you?" The question was also a challenge. If Decebel disagreed-essentially calling his Alpha a liar-he would be subject to discipline, or even a challenge.
"I know that you would never lie to me," Decebel conceded.
"Will you allow our healer to look at you?"
Decebel nodded once.
Vasile addressed the three Alphas that stood to his left.
"I would ask that you please take your packs upstairs. There are several large rooms available."
Dragomir and Victor started off with their wolves.
Dillon took a step forward. "Do you need me for anything?"
Vasile shook his head. "Thank you for the offer, but right now, this is a pack issue. I'm going to speak with you, Dragomir, and Victor in a little while to discuss the best course of action for your packs. I know your daughter is here, Dillon, but she is part of our pack. We are responsible for her now."
Dillon nodded. "I know. That doesn't make it any easier."
"Understood."
Dillon led his pack out and pulled the door closed behind him, all the while trying to accept that his role here just might be over. 


###chapter 4
Vasile stood, more of his strength returning every minute. "Sally, come forward."
Sally took tentative steps to the front of the room and took a position next to Decebel. It didn't escape Vasile's attention that Costin was moving amongst the pack, following Sally's progression to the front.
"Everyone else take a seat. On the floor if there aren't enough chairs."
As Vasile had expected, the dominant wolves remained standing, as did their mates.
Sally looked up at her Alpha. "I don't really know what I'm doing, so I'm just going to touch him as I did you."
Vasile nodded.
"Decebel." Sally's voice was tentative.
Decebel turned his amber gaze on her, and though Sally knew that he didn't remember her, it was still shocking to see the lack of recognition in his eyes.
"May I place my hand over your heart?"
He stood up, towering over the small healer. "You may."
Sally reached up and placed her small hand over Decebel's heart. She was not surprised by the strength she felt in his muscles or by the way they tensed as she made contact.
She closed her eyes and let the knowing force inside her take over. She saw darkness. An entity was flowing through his veins, moving through his body until it reached his brain, where it created a slimy supernatural film. Sally reached into the darkness, seeking its origin, its purpose. She gasped as she felt the wicked intent behind it. A curse.
No, Sally thought.  Not a curse. Two curses. She pushed against them and briefly felt the magic behind it - dark magic meant to destroy memories. Not just any memories, but cherished memories, life altering memories.
Sally couldn't believe the curses' intricacy. The second curse bound Decebel as the sole wolf able to seek out Jen. She wondered why the one who cursed him would choose Jen's mate as the only one able to find her. He could track her, couldn't he?
Cherished memories, she remembered. Decebel doesn't remember his mate.
Sally felt the wolf's pain as his very soul sought for the comfort of his mate. As Sally continued to look deeper into his unconsciousness, she saw that the memories were still there, but they were bound. Then she found something that she wasn't expecting.
The curse was for Fane.
Sally pulled her hand away, collapsed, and would've hit the ground had Costin not, somehow, been there to catch her. She pressed her hand to her head, feeling the darkness recede from her own mind. Costin helped her stand and kept his hands on her waist until he was sure she was steady. She looked up at him, brow furrowed. He grinned and winked at her as he stepped back.
Sally shook her head, thinking it odd that Costin had been there to catch her.
Vasile cleared his throat, drawing her attention back to him.
"It is a curse. Well, actually, it's two curses," she began. "I'm going to try and describe this as best I can. It's kind of complex." She looked at Vasile, waiting to see if he had anything to say.
He nodded, indicating to her to go on.
"Alright then. The first is some sort of memory binding curse. From what I could tell it has bound Decebel's good memories. And by good, I mean his precious and life-altering memories. So, the mundane, everyday, hoo-ha stuff remains."
"Did she just say hoo-ha?" Jacque muttered.
Fane smacked her lightly on her butt. "Behave."
"I'm just saying. Jen would have loved that one," she said absently.
Taking no notice, Sally went on. "It appears that the curse started binding his good memories from the day of the death of his sister. My guess is that whoever placed the curse on Decebel wanted him to forget his mate. Anything important in Decebel's life that was positive is gone. It's why he doesn't remember becoming your Beta; it's why he doesn't remember new pack members. I imagine he doesn't remember any of the matings that have occurred in the last one hundred years either. The most important fact, I would like to point out, is that she made him forget his mate."
The entire room gasped. Each of them understood the implication of something so important as essentially losing your mate. If Decebel didn't remember Jen, what would that do to them and their bond?  More importantly, how would she be found?
Sally continued.  "The next curse is where it gets really messy. The second curse makes Decebel the only one able to find Jen. It's almost like the witch, and I think we can all be certain now that it was a witch, bound the pack through him. Also, I need to tell you Vasile, that the first curse had Fane's name on it. Decebel blocked Fane with his body and got hit with it."
Jacque wrapped her arms around Fane. "I don't know what I would do if you couldn't remember me," she whispered.
"You probably would beat me until I did remember," Fane teased, easing the tension in his mate.
Jacque snorted. "You know me so well."

Vasile stepped up to his Beta wrapped him in an embrace. "Nici un cuvânt nu-mi poate exprima gratitudinea pentru că mi-ai protejat fiul, (No words can express my thanks to you for protecting my son). We will fix this, Decebel. We will not stop until you have your memories back and Jen is safely by your side."
Decebel stepped back from the embrace. "Who is Jen?"
"She's your mate."
"I don't have a mate. I don't care about the curse-there is no way in hell any wolf could forget his mate." Decebel shook his head.
As she watched her best friend's mate deny her, Jacque couldn't stop the tear that slid down her cheek.
"Decebel, I'm telling you, you have a mate. I would never say such a thing if it wasn't true," Vasile implored.
Sorin spoke. "You do have a mate. She's a little spitfire who drives you insane."
Other members of the pack began to nod, trying to convince their Beta.
Decebel continued to back away from the pack toward the door. He had to get out of there. He couldn't stand the weight of their stares.
"I HAVE NO MATE!" he snarled and turned, storming toward the door. The crowd parted, some stumbling to get out of the furious Beta's way.
Sally and Jacque jumped as the door slammed shut so hard that it rattled the walls.
Fane wrapped his arms around his mate and pulled her close. Through her tears he heard her whisper, "I can't imagine the pain he must be feeling inside, even if he doesn't know why. What if he never remembers?"
Fane rubbed Jacquelyn's back, attempting to calm her. "We won't give up until he does."
At that, her tears returned full force. "What about Jen? How will we find Jen?"
Sally came over, tears streaming down her face as well. "Just the loss of her memory is ripping his soul apart."
Cynthia, Crina, and Costin came over and surrounded the other three.
Costin watched the tears run down Sally's face and felt something inside him break. He stepped closer and took her hand. He gave it a comforting squeeze and then let go, not wanting to make her uncomfortable. Sally looked up at him with red, swollen eyes. Her expression told him that she appreciated the gesture.
Jacque pulled away from Fane and turned to Cynthia and Crina. "Where have you two been?" She asked wiping her eyes. She realized that she hadn't seen them since they climbed out of the Hummers.
"Vasile had us talking to the owner of the tavern about staying here. We slipped in about the time Sally was just finishing her healer stuff. We heard everything," Cynthia explained.
"So what's the plan now?" Crina asked.
"I think we need to wait for my father to let us know," said Fane.  He will utilize every resource the pack has at its disposal, so don't worry, you will have a job to do." Just as Fane finished speaking, Vasile reached them.
The Alpha addressed Fane and Costin. "Sorin and Skender are to help you organize room assignments. I believe there are six rooms in the building attached to this one. Cynthia and Crina, show them where to go. Make it work."
Before they could respond, Vasile left the room.

Vasile decided to seek out the three Alphas before he went to Decebel. He figured his Beta needed to be alone to sort out the information that Sally had discovered.
He climbed the stairs and found them standing by the railing, deep in conversation.
"I'm sorry to interrupt," Vasile politely said as they all turned to face him.
"Vasile, we offer our condolences for what has happened to your pack," Victor told him quietly.
"Thank you. We all appreciate your support. At this time there really isn't anything that you or your packs can do." Vasile held up his hand to preemptively placate the Alphas."  I don't mean that as an insult. Sometimes too much help winds up being a hindrance."
"Understood," Victor acknowledged. "We can arrange for some pack mates to take the vehicles back as we prepare to depart. We should be on our way by this evening."
Vasile looked at his watch. "With all that has gone on I hadn't realized it was four in the morning. If you and yours need rest, please take it."
All three Alphas shook their heads.
"We are doing well," Victor promised.
Vasile thanked them again and gave his goodbye. That done, he felt it was time to seek out his Beta and try to patch him up as much as possible. Vasile's blood boiled that someone-and not just someone, but a witch-had hurt one of his own. There would be hell to pay.

After doing some searching, Vasile found Decebel sitting on a bench across the road from the tavern. Vasile walked toward him, looking up and down the road. There weren't any cars to disturb the silent night.  The crunching of the snow under his shoes seemed to echo loudly.
The village was small, and very primitive in some ways. Though there was indoor plumbing, there was no electricity. Oil lamps lit the buildings and fires heated the homes. Vasile smiled to himself at the simplicity of life here. But even here, complexity and trouble found its way to his pack.
   
Decebel looked up as Vasile sat down next to him.
"How could I forget my mate, Vasile? What kind of man does that make me?"	
Vasile wrapped an arm around him, briefly giving him the comfort of touch and letting him know he wasn't alone.
"It makes you like the rest of us-vulnerable. No matter what we do, no matter how hard we try, we can't protect our mates from everything. We aren't omniscient or omnipresent." Vasile sat back, contemplating. "I think part of the reason that she has been wiped completely from your memory is that you haven't yet completed the bonding ceremony or the Blood Rites."
Decebel snapped his head around. "What was I waiting for, an engraved invitation?"
Vasile chuckled. "It wasn't that simple."
"Is it ever with women?"
"Don't let my mate hear you say that," Vasile teased.
"So why had I not bonded with my mate?"
"You were drawn to one another from day one. The intensity of your relationship is one of the strongest I've ever seen. That said, there were no mating signs."
Decebel took in a sharp breath. "None?"
Vasile shook his head.
"And yet I was sure she was my mate?" Decebel asked in disbelief.
"We all were. It was confirmed just before the mansion went up in flames."
"How?" Decebel felt hopeful. Why?  He wasn't sure.  He didn't even remember the girl Vasile spoke of.
"Your bond finally connected. You were able to hear each other's thoughts." Vasile watched as his Beta processed that news.
Decebel felt like he had been punched in the gut. He had a mate-a mate! His head cocked to the side as a thought hit him. "If I have a mate, where the hell is she?"
"The Alpha of the Serbian pack tried to have her killed."
Decebel stood up abruptly, outraged, but then a key word hit him. "Tried to have her killed? So, she isn't dead?"
Vasile shook his head.
"Tell me," Decebel said simply.
"Marianna, one of our younger unmated females was fooled by Thad into agreeing to kill your mate. It was assumed this would take you out of the picture and leave me without your protection."
Decebel squeezed his eyes shut. "I remember that. I remember killing a girl, but I don't recognize her. She was pack? I killed one of ours?" His voice shook with horror.
"Be still, Decebel. She betrayed our pack. She tried to kill your mate. You were justified in your judgment and sentence." Vasile paused, narrowing his eyes as he continued to remember the events of that night. "When your bond connected, Jen was able to tell you what she remembered. You shared your memories with me. She was pushed into a cavern and had been severely injured."
"Why have I not been searching for her?" Decebel interrupted.
"She made you promise to get her friends to safety first."
"And I listened to her? I put her friends before my own mate?!"
Vasile laughed.
"Why are you laughing?" Decebel's brow furrowed as he watched his Alpha in confusion.
"You're mate can be quite convincing when she needs to be. She pretty much told you that if you came for her without taking care of her friends first that she would never forgive you. And you knew that she spoke the truth. If there is one thing Jen is, it's loyal, fiercely loyal to those she loves."
"So, she's out there, hurt and alone in this freezing cold?" Decebel realized that even though he didn't know this girl, didn't know what he was supposed to feel for her, he still wanted to save her-he wanted a chance to meet her.
"We will find her." Vasile's words were absolute. He would accept nothing less than Jen's safe return and his Beta's memory restored.  And the witch who dared touch what was his, well, he wanted her head on a stick. Violent?  Definitely.  But then, he was Alpha and nobody hurt what was his.
"So, what's the plan?" Decebel asked. He refused to sit idly by just because he couldn't remember things. She was pack. He would do whatever he needed to protect that pack.
"We do need to make a plan. Meet me in the back room of the tavern. I will go and get the others."
The Alpha and his Beta began to walk back towards the tavern.

Decebel continued on when Vasile stopped to talk with the tavern's owner.
"I will compensate you well for the time you allow us to stay," he told Nicolae, a short, middle-aged man with a round belly and five o'clock shadow.  Nicolae had an easy smile and, from what Vasile could see, he was a gentle soul.  Vasile spoke in their native tongue, wanting to befriend the gentleman and create a comradeship with him.
"I have heard you have a member of your family missing?" Nicolae asked.
"Yes. We were having a family gathering and the girl got lost in the woods. We will be here until she is found."
"Anything that I can do, I will. For now, I'll have meals readied for your family."
Vasile nodded. "That would be great. I will send some of my people to help you prepare and gather whatever you need. Thank you."

###chapter 5
Decebel watched as Vasile and Alina came into the back room. Following them was Sorin, Skender, and then others that smelled like pack, but that he had no memory of.
He noticed that the healer and the redhead kept sneaking glances at him. It was obvious that they knew him, but no matter how hard he tried, they remained black voids in his mind.
"Alright, daddy-o. Let's get this party started." Jacque clapped her hands together, punctuating her obvious eagerness.
"Fane." Vasile's voice was a warning.
"Luna, sit," Fane growled at Jacque.
Jacque glared at her mate, but acquiesced while murmuring, "You are so going to pay for that later."
Fane groaned. "As my bonded mate you have way too much power over me."
Jacque laughed out loud.  "That, my love, is because you are male and therefore easily distracted by all things female. Which works to my advantage when you are being a butt head."
Fane chuckled as he tugged a strand of her hair in mock retaliation.
Meanwhile, a semi-circle formed around Vasile and Alina at the front of the room. As everyone settled in, Costin took the wall directly behind Sally, looking every bit the role of a sentinel. A fire burned directly behind the group in a large stone hearth casting shadows over the room adding to the mystery that held them all captive.
As the room quieted, the popping of burning wood and crackling flames filled the heavy silence. Vasile stood, but remained silent as he looked at each member of his pack, each member that he had chosen because of their fierce love and loyalty for one another. Not that others in the pack wouldn't give their all, but Vasile knew this group had grown close. That's what happens when people go through the fire together. Like heated metal, they began to soften, and when pushed together, their emotions and loyalty became soldered, no longer separate pieces. As they left the fire, cooling, that joining was permanent and unbreakable.
That was the kind of bond that it was going to take to get through this. Vasile was under no illusions that before the end, tears would be shed, pain would threaten to tear them apart, and blood would coat the walls. Yes, it would take the bond forged in fire to walk through the hell they were going to soon face.
Very soon.
"I've been thinking over the situation," Vasile began. "I'm going to explain this and then we will decide how to divide our resources." Vasile paused to see if anyone had anything to add. No one spoke, but every eye fixated on him. 
"We have three dilemmas," Vasile continued. We have a missing pack member and mate to our Beta. All we currently know is that she is lost on this mountain somewhere. Second, Decebel's been cursed, twice. Thanks to Sally we understand the nature of these curses; however, we don't know how to break them or who performed them. Which leads me to our third dilemma: there is a witch, a very powerful witch, assisting the Serbian pack. We need to know her identity. There is power in possessing the name of an evil being, drawing it into the light, exposing it. That is when weaknesses are found."
Vasile began to walk around the room. The movement helped his wolf settle, allowing him to better work through the problems.
"Fane, Jacque, Costin, and Sorin. You will be returning to the pack mansion." He turned and addressed Sorin. "You are to seek out Wadim. It's time that we looked into our pack's history, which we have too long neglected. I think if you dig deep enough you will be able to uncover something about the witch or why the Serbian pack has attacked us."
"Who is Wadim?" Jacque asked.
Sorin answered, "Our pack historian."
"Ooh, the pack historian. Do you keep him in a dungeon or something? I've never seen him."
"Something like that." Sorin smiled.
Vasile continued. "Sally, Cynthia, Crina, and Decebel, I am going to send you to visit a friend of the pack. She is not a healer, but she has lived among them and kept records of their history. I normally avoid seeking her out.  Few know of her connection to the gypsies, and I don't want to expose her. If Thad knew of the knowledge she possesses, he would do anything to get his hands on it." His eyes crinkled in the corners as he looked at Sally and smiled. "I think you will be pleasantly surprised."
Sally returned his smile, although she was wary of the look in her Alpha's eyes.
"Alpha," Costin cleared his throat as he spoke. "I would like to go with Cynthia and Sally." He gave no reason for his request, just waited to see what Vasile's response would be.
Vasile looked over to Alina, who gave a nearly imperceptible nod.
"Don't meddle," she told him through their bond.
"Mina." His voice was a teasing reprimand. "You hurt me to say such things."
"Let fate take its course, Alpha. If he's requesting to be with her maybe his wolf knows something the rest of us don't. I don't know that Costin is completely aware of the possessive and protective behavior that he has been exhibiting. Grant his request, my love."
"You make me a better man, a better Alpha, Alina mine." Vasile caressed her face through their bond.
"Don't you forget it," she teased.
Vasile groaned aloud. "Bloody Americans rubbing off on my woman," he grumbled.
Alina winked at the confused-looking Sally and Jacque.
Vasile conceded, "Alright. Costin, you and Crina switch places. You may go with Sally." He heard his mate growl at him for adding that last little bit. After all, he didn't have to point out that Sally was the reason for Costin's request, but then sometimes deliberateness was the best course of actionespecially for an Alpha.  
Costin didn't respond to Vasile's jab; he simply nodded and returned to his sentry position.
Vasile turned to Sally. "Her name is Perizada but she prefers Peri." He watched Sally's face because he knew that her gypsy blood would intuitively understand the meaning behind the name.
Sally gasped. "Oh, they can't be real?"
Vasile smiled again. "Werewolves exist, don't they" he said in answer.
"Yeah, but that just seems normal now."
"Is who real?" Jacque asked puzzled, cocking her head and looking at her best friend.
"Perizada means fairy-born." Sally grinned at Jacque. "I'm going to meet a Fae."
"You mean with little wings and pixy dust?" Jacque asked.
"Something tells me that there won't be any pixie dust," responded Sally gleefully.
"Ah, man," Jacque whined. "She gets to meet the Fae and I have to go to a dungeon to talk to some old, reclusive werewolf scribe who's probably as worn and dusty as the records we'll have to sift through."
Sally looked at Vasile and then back to Jacque. "That about sums it up, Red." Her grin remained in place.
"That is so not cool, V. Not cool at all." Jacque glared at her father-in-law.
"Still with the V?" Vasile asked.
"Yeah, well, just because you're Alpha doesn't mean you are exempt from nicknames. Although, I could call you A, but it would be too tempting to add the word hole behind it."
The room erupted in much needed laughter.
Sally fist bumped Jacque. "Score."
Vasile growled at the two girls, but softened it with a wink. "I suppose I prefer V."
Jacque gave him a nod. "Good choice."
"Thank you, Luna," Fane whispered in her mind.
"For what?"
"Bringing laughter. There will be little joy in the coming days and we must grab it when it comes. You gave us a gift." He was absently tracing the markings underneath her red curls.
"Thanks, wolf-man. But you're not out of the doghouse yet. Don't think your sweet words will sway me."
Fane chuckled. "I can think of several things that could sway you."
Fane sent her images to punctuate his words. Jacque gasped and slapped his chest.
"Fane, quit flirting with your mate. Pay attention," Vasile growled, though he was trying not to laugh.
Decebel watched from across the semi-circle. The easy way in which Fane and his mate interacted, the obvious love and affection they shared... I had that, he thought.
How could I forget having that? Did she tease me? Did I look at her in adoration as Fane does at Jacque?
Decebel's mind wandered.  He puzzled through the idea that if he did indeed have a mate, he'd more than just forgotten her-her face, the color of her eyes or her hair. He hadn't just forgotten the feel of her skin or the feel of her body against his. He had forgotten all that they had shared. He felt a sharp pain rip through his chest. Did I hold her? Kiss her? He closed his eyes, squeezing them tight, trying so hard to find something, anything that would confirm that she did exist. Jen, his mate. But there was nothing.
He growled as he felt his wolf stir. His wolf knew something that he didn't. Maybe his wolf remembered her-or maybe he just remembered having her and now knew there was something lost. He looked across at Fane and made eye contact, a silent request to talk later. Fane nodded, his lips tightened in something that looked like sadness.
Vasile cleared his throat, bringing everyone back on task. "Alright, those are the plans. I chose you all because you have been through much already and triumphed. Make no mistake, this will not be easy. Dealing with a witch is dangerous, especially one that we know nothing about. Rely on each other's strength. Protect one another. Pay attention to any emotions or actions that seem out of character for yourself or another in your group. If you notice someone acting odd, it could be dark magic. You must fight it."
The group was quiet as they thought on Vasile's words. Then Sally broke the silence with a giggle.
"What's tickled your fancy?" Jacque asked her dryly.
"I feel like we should all stand together in a bunch and Vasile should announce -"
Jacque caught onto Sally's train of thought and they both said at the same time:  "We'll call you the Fellowship of the Ring."
Both girls began laughing and high fiving each other.
Decebel looked over at Alina.
"Yes, they are always like this," she answered his unspoken question.
Decebel let out a deep breath, shaking his head at the giggling pair.
"Man, Jen would have so rocked that." Jacque laughed.
"We should record this stuff so when she's back we can play it for her."
"Sally, I think Jen would tell you that your recording privileges were revoked at the hospital," Jacque teased.
Sally looked over at Decebel and Jacque saw her wheels turning.
"No." Jacque shook her head emphatically.
"It might spark something. I mean, she was butt freaking naked," Sally reasoned.
"Okay, so let me get this straight. You want to show Dec pictures of his mate butt naked, pawing all over him, while he looked like he wanted to crawl under the bed?  Do you not remember when the cheerleaders made fun of her Beauty and the Beast backpack last year?  She put K-Y Jelly all over their cars, put condoms over their antennas, and then wrote 'cheerleaders got rhythm' on their windows.  This, the same Jen who broke into the field house, got the field chalk, and drew a picture of boobs and put 'nice rack' underneath it just because the team's mascot we were playing was a Buck?"
Sally snorted. "That was freaking hilarious." 
"The point is, Sally, do you really want to provoke the wrath of Jen?"
"Fine," Sally whined. "You have to admit, though, that it would be funny as hell to see his face when he saw the pictures."
Jacque chuckled. "It's almost worth her wrathalmost."
The girls realized that the room had gotten quiet during their discussion. They both looked around to find everyone looking at them, mouths dropped open, eyes wide.
"Oh. Um, I guess ya'll didn't know Jen could be a little revenge happy. And usually that revenge takes the form of some sexual reference."
Everyone nodded and grumbled their agreement that Jen liked to joke about all things sexual.
Decebel stood up, arms crossed over his broad chest, his six foot four inches seeming to fill the room. "This is my mate you are talking about?"
"Not what you were expecting was it?" Jacque questioned with a broad grin.
"She openly jokes about sex?" he asked, disbelieving any mate of his would be so crass.
"Jokes about it, talks about it, makes reference to it in everyday conversation. Yep, that's your mate." Jacque laughed at the worried look on Decebel's handsome face.
"Jacque quit scaring Decebel about his mate," Vasile reprimanded. "Decebel, she is a remarkable woman. You both complement each other well."
"Oh, I'm sure she compliments him well," Crina muttered under her breath.
Sally and Jacque both laughed so hard they had to grab their sides.
Crina just smiled when Vasile shot her a look that pretty much said to shut up.
Rolling his eyes, Vasile ignored the laughing girls. "Today and tonight we rest. Say your goodbyes to the other packs." He gave Jacque, who had finally gained her composure, a pointed look. "They will be leaving shortly."

Later that evening

Fane and Jacque came into the meeting room after having said goodbye to Dillon as he and the other Alpha's began to take their packs down the mountain. Several pack members had driven the Hummers and vans down the mountain to retrieve more vehicles to transport the packs. 
"Everything okay?" Sally asked Jacque.
"Yeah.  I know my dad wants to stay but Vasile thinks that in this instance less is more."
"I have to agree with my father on this one," said Fane.  "Our wolves are magical beings.  A witch can track that magic.  Dillon is a powerful Alpha.  The more Alphas we have around, the more attention that we are going to draw to ourselves."
"What is it you wanted to talk about, Decebel?" Fane turned his attention to his Beta as he and Jacque took a seat on a small couch in front of the fireplace. Sally, Costin and Crina all took chairs around the stone fireplace in the meeting room. Jacque sat draped across Fane's lap as he absently played with her hair.
Decebel sat on the floor across from the couch near the hearth of the fireplace. His knees where drawn up and he had his arms resting across them, left hand clasping his right wrist.
"I was just wondering if you could tell me about her. What she looks like, what our relationship was like? How long have I known her? That kind of stuff. Maybe it will help jog my memory." Decebel stared into the orange and yellow dancing flames as he spoke.
"I can actually do you one better than that if you would like," Sally spoke up.
"Sally," Jacque's voice was thick with warning, "I thought we agreed not to go down that little path."
"Oh chillax, wolf princess. I can show him the pictures of her with the sheet wrapped around her body-granted she is still pawing all over him." Sally's eyes twinkled with mischief. Costin watched the brunette with fascination, still not understanding why she was quickly becoming something he and his wolf were inexplicably drawn to.
"You have pictures of her?" Decebel asked eagerly as he pulled his eyes away from the fire to look at Sally.
Sally nodded as she pulled out her cell phone. She went over and sat down next to Decebel on the hard wood floor, warmed nicely by the heat of the fire.
"Now before I show you let me explain why she is so scantily clad," Sally grinned as she remembered the night she and Jen had decided that it was their job to rescue Jacque from loneliness in the ICU-yeah that had worked out so well.  Sally began the story at the wreck the girls were in with Jacque's mom. She weaved the story masterfully, holding Decebel in thrall knowing that he was soaking in every word to learn more about the woman he no longer remembered. By the time she was finished, Sally had the complete attention of everyone in the room, even though they had all lived through the events themselves.  Finally, a half hour later she concluded, "So that is why your beloved is wrapped around you dressed only in a hospital sheet."
Sally looked over at Jacque who had her hand across her face as she shook her head at Sally's story.
"Geez, hearing you tell it makes us sound like nut cases," Jacque murmured.
"Truth be told Jac, you aren't far off the mark," Crina teased.
Sally looked back at Decebel who sat wide eyed and speechless. Finally, he said, "Show me."
Sally pushed some keys on her phone and held it up to him, "Scroll side to side by swiping the screen."
Decebel took the phone from her hand and stared at the blonde beauty who, wrapped in the hospital sheet as described, had one arm wrapped around Decebel's neck, her other hand rested on his chest. She stared up into his face with a look that could only be described as complete adoration. He scrolled through each picture noting the different looks of confusion and panic on his own face as he struggled with what to do with the girl they claimed was his mate.
Finally, the last picture Sally had captured was of him looking down at the sleeping girl. He noted that his own face held a fierce protectiveness as he stared at the one who had obviously captured his heart and most likely his soul.
He handed the phone back to Sally and pulled out his own phone. "Could you please send me a few of those," Decebel quickly explained his request, "Not because I'm being-" He struggled to find the words.
"We don't think you are trying to lust after her Decebel. Relax. If I had forgotten Fane, I would want pictures of him as well, and if they happened to be of him half dressed-well then lucky me." Jacque laughed as Fane nipped her neck gently with his teeth, "Wicked women," he murmured against her skin.
Decebel looked up at Jacque while Sally worked on sending him the pictures.
"Did she like me?" He asked her apprehensively.
Jacque grinned, "Does she like you, you mean?" Jacque clarified, "Decebel, she is still alive and we will get her back. And yes, she is crazy as hell about you."
Decebel's lips lifted slightly in a small smile, "Do I like her?" his eyes twinkled wickedly.
Fane chuckled and answered before Jacque could, "I think like is putting it mildly, although she did cause you to lose considerable amounts of sleep."
Decebel's face broke into a full grin making his strong features appear boyish, "Would she be worth it if she didn't?"
"Good point," Fane conceded.
The room grew quiet as they each turned to their own thoughts. The silence was comfortable even with the darkness that loomed over them.  They each had accepted their part in the trials that would come. 
Sally felt the hair on the back of her neck stand up as she realized she was being watched. Slowly she turned her head in the direction she felt the stare coming from. Her eyes collided with Costin's. She felt goose bumps rise across her skin at the heat that filled his deep hazel eyes. The pull she felt between them was strong, and like nothing she had ever felt. She didn't understand how it was possible when she knew that she had no werewolf blood in her. Sally let a small smile form on her lips as she thought about how she would need to tread carefully with this or she would inevitably end up with a broken heart. Costin had an easy charm about him. He was light-hearted, shamelessly flirty, unbelievably handsome and dominant to the core. Yea, Sally thought, this one has the potential to rip my heart out, grin, and wink, with me swooning all the while at his good looks and unbelievable charisma.
Her heart dropped to her stomach as a breathtaking grin spread across his face. He cocked an eyebrow at her and winked, mischief danced in the depths of his eyes as she felt the blood rush to her face while she looked upon his sensual lips and felt the easy confidence that he wore like a favorite shirt, pouring off of him. 
Sally finally pulled her eyes from him as she heard Decebel take in a sharp breath.
Every eye turned to him as they watched him raise his eyes, wide with confusion and look at them, "I feel her. She's seeking me out." His words were so soft that even the crackling of the fire threatened to drown them out.
"Has she spoken to you?" Jacque asked him gently as if to keep from spooking him.
"No, she needs comfort. She's hurting." Decebel instinctively pictured the image of her from the pictures on Sally's phone in his mind and then imagined caressing her face. He didn't' know what he felt for her, he didn't even know her, but feeling her in his mind called to his wolf. And his wolf refused to deny this woman anything she needed.
"Jen?" he reached out tentatively.


###chapter 6
Jen felt her body being laid onto a soft surface. Even with the unbelievable gentleness with which the arms placed her, the pain from her injuries still rolled through her body. She gasped at the sting, opening her eyes at the same time. Without thought, she reached out for Decebel. She didn't speak; she simply sought the touch of his mind, needing the comfort of his strength through their bond.
As soon as she felt him, she knew something was wrong. She didn't know what, but his mind seemed jumbled and restless. Before she could speak to him, the face of a woman came into view as she leaned over Jen. Rachel, Jen remembered.
"How are you feeling?" the woman asked her.
Jen swallowed and licked her lips trying to dispel the dryness that had coated the inside of her mouth.
Her voice was hoarse when she responded, "Aside from feeling like a bull has danced the cha-cha on my body and then passed me along to his bully friends for the same mind-blowing experience, well I'm just dandy."
Rachel scrunched her brow at the bruised face of the obviously beautiful girl before her. Her words indicated that she was in definite pain, but the tone of her voice was so upbeat. It confused the healer.
Jen, noticing that Rachel had obviously not caught on to her sarcasm, blew out a shallow breath and took pity on her rescuer, "Sorry, I tend to have a smart mouth in painful, tense and otherwise completely unbelievable circumstances."
"So, you aren't doing well, correct?" Rachel asked for clarification.
"Correct. I am most definitely not doing well."
"I'm going to give you an herbal tea with healing properties to drink.  Then, if you are ready, I will try to explain where you are. Would that be alright?"
Jen tried to focus on Rachel's words even as she heard noise around her-cabinets being opened and closed, things being shuffled on the floor and then a cold breeze rushing over her as a door was opened and then closed.
"That's Gavril, my mate," Rachel explained, "He is gathering the things that I will need to help you. You have a long recovery ahead of you." Jen could tell that Rachel was not convinced that she could indeed be healed. This made Jen realize just how close to death she actually was. 
Rachel stepped away for a moment and then returned with a cup. Steam rose from the cup revealing the warmth of the liquid. Rachel gently placed an arm under Jen's neck and raised her head enough to be able to safely swallow the tea.
Jen sputtered as the tea hit her tongue.
"I know it's not the best tasting drink, but truly you need to drink it. Please."
Jen didn't know how she knew to trust Rachel, but something in her said she was on Jen's side. Jen held her breath as she forced herself to swallow the bitter liquid until the cup was empty. Once again Rachel gently lay Jen back down. She stepped from Jen's view and Jen could hear running water, cabinets opening and closing again. She heard Gavril whisper something to his mate and then a soft noise that sounded like a kiss. Jen's heart ached at the tenderness in that sound. 
Rachel came back over, her arms full of towels. She laid them on the end of the bed. When she disappeared again, she returned with clothes and a blanket.
"Gavril has stepped out to give you privacy. We need to clean your wounds and I need to check your ribs."
Jen nodded. She knew that this was coming but she seriously dreaded moving, even an inch. Rachel helped her sit up. Instead of making her pull the shirt over her head Rachel pulled out a pair of scissors and cut the shirt off. 
"Good call healer," Jen smiled.
"I have my tricks," Rachel teased back, "Although I'm afraid the pants won't be so easy."
"Oh well, what's a day spent without writhing in pain simply from removing clothing? I mean seriously who wants to go through life without that experience."
Rachel chuckled, "I bet you bring amusement to your mate."
"You might call it amusement; I think he calls it being a pain in the ass."
Jen winced as she laid back and tried to help Rachel remove her pants. Rachel laid the blanket across her, only baring the part of her that she was cleaning or looking over. She ran the warm wash cloth across Jen's head cleaning a cut on her forehead. She probed Jen's scalp with her fingers and stopped when Jen let out a gasp. 
"We are going to have to wash your hair to get all the blood out so that I can make sure this doesn't need stitches." Rachel walked away again and came back with a large bowl of water and some sort of soap.
"It's a cleansing soap; I make it. It will help keep infection out," Rachel explained at Jen's questioning look. 
Jen laid there with her eyes closed while she let Rachel wash her hair. She didn't move as she continued to endure the ministrations. They discovered that no stitches were necessary. Rachel explained that head wounds tended to bleed badly and look worse than they really were. Jen was out of breath by the time Rachel had helped her slip on a warm sweat shirt and sweat pants.
"I know you are hurting so I'm going to give you more tea.  It has some pain controlling properties that should help take the edge off."
"Thank you, Rachel," Jen breathed out as she tried to calm her breathing and quiet her racing heart.
"That's what I'm here for. Truthfully, I have missed using my gift. Gavril swears that I have let him get injured on our outings just so I would have someone to tend." Rachel laughed at her own words and Jen smiled once again at the beautiful sound.
Finishing the tea, she watched as Rachel took a chair next to the bed.
Jen noted that the woman looked to be in her late thirties or early forties. She was voluptuous but by no means overweight. She had dark chocolate hair that fell in natural waves around her elegant face. Her eyes were blue, but not just blue, more like azure and nearly glowed. She had full rose-colored lips and Jen could see she had a small gap in between her front teeth that, instead of detracting from her beauty, added character. There was a peace about her that reminded Jen of Sally. Rachel's eye's met Jen's, drawing Jen back from her scrutiny.
"What do you know of gypsy healers?" Rachel asked simply.
"Not much," Jen admitted, "I just found out one of my best friends is one."
Rachel's eyebrows rose on her forehead and her azures began to definitely glow, "A gypsy healer? Here in Romania?"
Jen nodded, but caught herself when she felt the sharp tingles and answered instead, "Yes."
"Is she wolf as well?"
"No, she's home grown, all American human," Jen said dryly.
Rachel thought about the revelation for a few quiet moments. About what it meant that a gypsy healer had returned to the Romanian wolves after three centuries of absence. She didn't count herself, since she and her mate had effectively slipped from view.
"You said you are a healer?" Jen asked.
"Yes, I am. But I am not only a healer."
"Your eyes glow," Jen's words were soft as she pieced the puzzle together, "Mother of pearl; you're a dormant, aren't you?"
Rachel's mouth took on a slight curve as she smiled at Jen's odd words. "Yes, I am a dormant. I'm the last one born in 5 centuries, both gypsy healer and dormant Canis lupus."
"Why are you living here all alone without a pack?" 
"Try to relax.  This could take a while," Rachel sat back in her chair and crossed one leg over the other. She gazed off at nothing in particular, gathering her thoughts and trying to decide where she should begin her story.
"Gavril, my mate, was a mighty Alpha three centuries ago to the Western Romanian Pack." 
"Western Romanian?" Jen interrupted.
Rachel cocked her head, a very wolf like gesture.
Jen raised her hands in surrender. "Sorry, got it. No interrupting, hold all applause until the end of the show."
Rachel shook her head, "You are very strange."
"You have no idea," Jen muttered under her breath but kept her attention on Rachel, waiting for her to go on.
"For centuries the Romanian packs were divided. Eastern and Western. Both were ruled by powerful Alphas who were surprisingly agreeable most of the time. They had a shaky alliance that turned into a friendship over the years. My great-grandmother was the gypsy healer to the Western pack. The Eastern pack did not have a healer and because of the friendship between the Alphas, the Eastern Alpha would allow my great-grandmother to go and attend their wolves when needed. She wound up having an affair with a werewolf, although now I believe that she was actually his mate. Through that pairing a daughter was conceived and so on and so forth until I was born. At first, I thought that I was just a fourth-generation healer and dormant.  At that time, Gavril was the pack historian.  He had no reason to know otherwise, so that is how he recorded me.  But after the werewolf wars, and my mother's death, it became apparent that I was the only healer left. That was when I was finally told who I really was.  She had finally decided that it was time to remind the wolves of their history."
"She who?" Jen asked.
"We will get to her soon enough."  
Rachel paused momentarily and Jen took advantage of the silence, "Okay back up a sec Charlie Brown, what do you mean they think your great-grandmother had a mate? Wasn't she human?"
Rachel nodded, "She was human," before Jen could interrupt Rachel held up a finger, stopping her, "But more importantly, she was a gypsy healer." She didn't elaborate but just let that sink in.
Jen's mouth fell open.  Even though it hurt horrifically, she propped herself up on her side gingerly, "Bloody hell, you can't be saying what I think you are saying. But you are, aren't you? Gypsy healers can mate with Canis lupus."
"Not 'can'," Rachel clarified, "will."
"Will?" Jen's eyebrows rose at the declaration.
"Gypsy healers are always the mate to a Canis lupus."
"Then why aren't their more dormants?" 
"It is very difficult for werewolves to procreate, there is a reason for this but we won't get into that right now. It's even rarer with healers and a wolf. A child born of a healer and a wolf only comes every four or five centuries. I was the last known gypsy healer/dormant."
"Okay, so how can there be gypsy healers that aren't dormants then?" Jen challenged.
"How was the mate of the Romanian Canis lupus prince conceived and not full wolf?"
"Touché'," Jen conceded, "So there are gypsies who have chosen to be with humans?"
"When they could not find their mate, or their mate died before they were bonded. Then yes, some chose a life with a human and would wind up bearing children from that union," Rachel explained.
"Okay, I'm with you. Hit me with some more," Jen laid back down, her lips flattening in a tight line as she eased onto her back.
"Since my mother was a healer, I grew up around werewolves, but most of my friends were from a village a couple of miles away from the pack den. My mother kept me, for the most part, away from the males for as long as she could.  I believe that she was worried that I would find a mate at too young an age. When I hit puberty, I began to exhibit unusual physical attributes that were getting difficult to conceal from the humans. My eyes, for instance, took on a slight glow.  When I would feel strong emotions, they would glow just like a full blood Canis lupus. I had to be careful and learn to control my emotions. Although my mother wanted to keep me from the males, I had to learn the skills of being a healer. As I continued to get older, I started going with her to see her patients. I would see Gavril from time to time and began to feel a pull towards him. When I mentioned it to my mother, she told me that it wasn't time. I didn't really understand what she meant until later. 
"One day, I was with one of my friends from the village and she saw my eyes glow-really glow. You have to remember that this was a time when the mere mention of witchcraft would get you hung, or burned. Anything out of the ordinary was looked upon as suspicious. She promised not to tell anyone, but naturally, her fear overcame her loyalty to me. After she told her mother what she had seen, her mother convinced her to bring me to their village. I trusted her; she told me she had something to show me. And because I trusted her, I followed her to my death."
Jen's breath caught as she heard the raw emotion in Rachel's voice. She saw her eyes glowing but also the steely determination written on the healer's face.
"What did they do to you?" Jen asked gently.
"They tried to burn me at the stake," she answered matter of fact like.
"What?" Jen's mouth dropped open and her eyes, wide as saucers, revealed the indignation she felt at Rachel's revelation.
"I say tried because as they were about to light the fire, he came. Like an angry, wild, magnificent storm. He tore through the crowd that had come to watch me burn to death. I thought he would kill every person there. And the ones who chose to stay, he did slaughter." 
Jen listened, captivated by Rachel's words as she imagined Gavril coming for her, saving her. Surely Decebel would do the same. While Rachel had been talking, she had continued to seek out Decebel's mind but he was blocking her. She could still feel him, but there were no words or images or emotions. She didn't know what was going on with him, but deep-down Jen knew that something was majorly wrong with her wolf. 
"It was in that time of intense emotion," Rachel continued.  "And dire need, that I heard his voice in my head. He saved me.  And when he took me back to the pack, he claimed me. My mother told me that she had long suspected that the Alpha would be my mate. Gavril was thoroughly confused as to how I could have been in his pack for so long without there being any mating signs.  Our bond only solidified after I was nearly killed. 
My mother explained that sometimes, with dormants, mating signs will only be revealed after a major cataclysmic event.  These traumatic events sometimes bring out the wolf in the dormant so that she can bond with her mate. The more diluted the blood, the more intense the cataclysmic event will need to be."
Jen rolled her eyes, "Yeah, I got front row seats to that show."
Rachel once again looked at Jen in confusion, "What does that mean?"
"You know how I told you that I also have a mate?"
"Yes."
"Well there were no mating signs until I was nearly killed. Nothing. There were only two reasons that we were convinced that we were mates. The first, my blood tests came back as inhuman, and the second, the indescribable pull that we feel towards each other."
Rachel smiled at her, understanding etched in her face. "It took that crisis for your wolf to surface. Hard to believe, I know, but you do have Canis lupus blood, which means that you hold a wolf inside you as well. It's just tucked way down deep. What mating sign appeared?"
"We can hear each other's thoughts." Jen's smile lit up the room as she remembered hearing Decebel's voice in her mind for the first time, "I don't think I've ever wanted anything so much than to hear his voice in my head." A single tear escaped Jen's eye and made a path down her clean, soft cheek. She wanted to hear that voice again. Needed to hear it. But he wouldn't let her in.
Jen wiped the tear away and looked up into Rachel's softly glowing eyes, "So then what happened, after he claimed you?"
"It was kind of rocky at first. Alpha males are extremely possessive and can be pretty intense about their mates. He didn't want to rush things, but everything in him told him to complete the bond and the Blood Rites. After spending some more time with Gavril, it was clear to me that I loved him. That I was made to love him. We were bonded over three centuries ago."
"So, it's pretty safe to say that, um, these fur balls don't have commitment issues?" Jen joked.
Rachel laughed, and the musical sound was a pleasant break from the turmoil boiling inside of Jen. The longer she was unable to connect with Decebel, the more desperate she was beginning to feel. She took a couple of deep breathes, wincing with each as her abused lungs expanded. I can do this, she thought to herself even as she felt darkness pushing inside her mind where Decebel should be. She not only could do this, but she had to. Because not seeing Decebel again after finally having their bond was unacceptable to her.
"You are thinking awfully hard about something." Rachel observed.
"Just hurting," Jen lied, "So what happened that caused you and Gavril to hide?"
Rachel ran her fingers through her hair and once again leaned back in her chair. She let out a deep breath and then continued her tale, "About two years after we bonded there began to be some tension among the surrounding packs-Serbia being the most volatile. The Alpha there was working with a witch."
"I take it that she wasn't the kind of witch that was married to a dork, and was a stay at home mom who wiggled her nose to use her magic?" 
Rachel's eyebrow's rose, "Um, no. She was evil, vile, and wicked. It's forbidden for the wolves to work with witches. You see, there is no such thing as a good witch. Their magic comes from darkness and death. When the Serbian Alpha found out that there were two gypsy healers in Romania, he declared war. Any packs not willing to help him, were against him, and therefore attacked. When they came here, Gavril's pack and the Eastern Romanian pack joined together to fight the Serbian Pack and their witch. My mother was killed in that war, as were many other good people. Gavril was injured badly. I found his body on the edge of the river. I could feel the life slipping from him, because it was slipping from me as well.
"I couldn't lift him, so I laid there and held him and waited for death. I would happily go with him, because there is nothing on this earth for me without him." Rachel took another deep breath and sat up straighter, "But fate decided that it wasn't our time. That night, a woman came to us. There was a soft glow around her and she looked like she was gliding on the ground instead of walking. Her movements were graceful and sure. 
She told me 'you cannot die at this time healer.' I asked her who she was. 'I am Perizada of the Fae. If you die, the balance of life in the supernatural world will be thrown off. That cannot happen. There must be a healer alive at all times. The next to come is not for centuries.  You are the only one who knows what and who she needs to be for the packs. Though others with your blood may be born, they have not been called. You and your wolf must live'. 
I told her that as long as my presence was known, the Serbian Alpha would seek me out. So, she agreed to spread a rumor that we had died. But in realty she hid us away from the other wolves. There is a spell on our home given by the Fae. If you don't seek me out with a pure heart and pure motives, then you cannot see this home. Any person seeking to do us harm will just walk right past it. She also gave me simple Fae magic to cloak myself and Gavril's presence when we are out. So, we have lived here, in silence, in hiding. Waiting. Perizada said that when the next healer came, the last witch could be destroyed. It's very possible that the very same witch that helped the Serbian Alpha three centuries ago is still helping him today."
Jen couldn't believe what she was hearing. Thad had a witch working for him. An honest to goodness witch. A thought donned on her then, "Why does he want a healer so badly?"
"Healers can do several things. They know herbs that can heal. They can look inside a wolf and see what plagues them. They have connections with the Fae, and believe me you do not want to be an enemy of the Fae. But the most important and most guarded reason that an Alpha wants a healer is that she can protect a pregnant Canis lupus."
"What do you mean protect?" Jen asked.
"Gypsy healers don't just use herbs. There is magic in what we are, in who we are. Fate made it nearly impossible for Canis lupus to procreate, but it did give them one advantage-the healer. That's why there has to be a gypsy healer in existence at all times. Without one, the chances of a female carrying a pregnancy to term is much, much, lower. Not saying that it doesn't happen, but a healer guarantees a successful pregnancy."
"Hoooooollllly crap," Jen ground out, "I didn't even pay attention, but there are no children in the Romanian pack. I mean, none, as in zilch, nada, zero, not one iota," Jen stopped when she realized Rachel was looking at her like she had grown a second nose, "Sorry, my vocabulary tends to get out of hand when I'm stressed."
Rachel nodded with raised eyebrows but smiled at Jen.
"So now you know. That's why we are in hiding."
"How did you find me?"  Jen's brow furrowed.
"Gavril was out gathering herbs for me. He heard you, and then he smelled your pain. So, he came and got me. We had been watching the area because of the disturbance in the air.
"What kind of disturbance?"
"When you get a group of werewolves together that large, especially with multiple packs involved, the air becomes electric. It's been pulsating for the past few days. I knew something was up. There hasn't been a gathering of that size in quite some time."
"So, what now?" Jen let out a breath and laid an arm across her face, covering her eyes.
"I need to ask you, have you been communicating with your mate?"
"I did briefly when Gavril was carrying me. But now," Jen shook her head, her voice full of frustration, "now he's blocking me."
"Maybe something has happened and he's trying to protect you," Rachel offered.
"No, it feels like something is 'off' inside of him."
"Jen, I have to tell you that while you were in that hole, that witch that I was telling you about attacked the mansion. She set it on fire."
Jen nearly fell off the table trying to sit up, "WHAT!" Rachel went to help her just as Gavril opened the door. 
"Something isn't right out there Luna," Gavril's face was tight with worry, "Something foul and evil laces the wind."
"She's searching," Rachel's voice was grim as she looked towards the front door. Her eyes bore into it, almost as if she stared hard enough, she could see straight through it. "We have to be careful. But we need answers Gavril. We need to see her."
Gavril shook his head. "It's too great a risk."
"See who? What risk?" Jen was trying to keep up, but the pain from sitting up so abruptly was beginning to make her dizzy.
"Perizada.  She will know what is going on. If what you say is true and your friend really is a gypsy healer, then she is the one Perizada spoke of. She is the one who must help me defeat the witch."
"I can honestly say that out of all the things that I could ever see Sally doing, going toe to toe with the wicked witch of the west was not on the top ten list." Jen laid back down, closing her eyes once more as Rachel and Gavril looked at her with what Jen was sure had to be 'what have we just dragged into hour house' faces. Yeah, well my mom asked herself that every day, healer, so it's not a new look to me. Jen was laughing at her inner monologue until she felt a light caress across her face bringing in a sharp breath. Then she heard his voice as he said her name.
"Jen?"

###chapter 7
Mona's eyes were closed as she stood at the edge of the forest. Night had turned into day, and snow had begun to fall. The cold mountain air whipped her midnight hair around her face.  Her body was relaxed, but her focus was relentless. While she had been casting the spells on the Romanian wolves, she had felt it. A current of power. Not dark power, not witch power. It had been centuries since she had felt the smooth, cool tendrils of Fae magic, but she had felt it early this morning while the moon still shown and the fire had roared through the silent sky. She had felt Fae power, and beneath that was something even more subtle. Gypsy. And this wasn't a young, new gypsy like the one in the Romanian pack. This was old blood-powerful magic.
Mona continued to send her will out into the trees and over the snow-covered mountains, over rocks, plants, dirt, and the lives of the wildlife seeking shelter there. As she sought her quarry, she thought back to the last time a gypsy healer was known. Three centuries had passed since then, nations had risen and fallen, civilization had grown and evolved, and all manner of technology now ruled the world. But even with all those changes, some things remained the same. Gypsy healers would always be where Canis lupus roamed. She knew that Melinda's daughter hadn't died. She had felt when Melinda had been slain, felt the life force drain from her body. But not Rachel.
Mona had searched for decades without so much as a wisp of power. She had come to the conclusion that the Fae must have helped the gypsy and her mate to hide. No mere gypsy healer could stand against Mona's power. She was the most powerful witch that her coven had ever known. 
When the Fae came in and wiped out the covens that were scattered over the Eastern world, Mona had done what any smart predator does- she took to ground to bide her time.
The Fae had decided that the witches were becoming too powerful and needed to have their population downsized. It worked better than they anticipated. Mona knew of no other witches that had survived.
After her people had been wiped from the earth, Mona found refuge with the Serbian pack. The Alpha had wanted the healer from the Western Romanian pack, wanted her bad enough to hire a witch, and by doing so isolated himself and his pack from the other Canis lupus.
Mona had agreed to his terms. She would get him the healer and he would protect her from any foe until she could regain her power. She was still powerful, even after the Fae, but she had been cloaking herself for so long and it was draining her.
What the Serbian pack Alpha didn't know was that Mona had her own reasons for wanting the gypsy healer. These reasons had nothing to do with the Alpha and had everything to do with making her the most powerful witch ever to walk the earth. Mona was old. She'd been old three centuries ago. She remembered things long forgotten about the supernatural beings.  She remembered why gypsy healers were prized not only by werewolves, but by witches and Fae alike.
"Where are you, little gypsy?" she whispered. "You can't hide forever." Mona opened her eyes, scanning the forest.
Whatever she had felt earlier was now gone. She wasn't discouraged; Mona knew that hunting supernatural prey took time. Luckily for her, time was something she had plenty of.
As she turned to leave, she began to hear the chorus of Electric Light Orchestra's song "Evil Woman." Mona smiled to herself. So, maybe the ringtone was a little much.
I'm a witch, she thought. Surely, no one would expect her ringtone to be "Lean on Me."
"What?" Her words were clipped as she answered.
"I need to know what your plans are," Thad answered.
Mona rolled her eyes. She was so sick of answering to the wolves. But when she finally had the healer, they would no longer hold any power over her.
"I've made my move. Now it's time to let the Alpha make his. Sometimes, Thad, the best course of action is to wait and watch."
"Fine. I expect you to keep me updated."
"Careful, wolf. Do not think to give me orders like I am one of yours. You do not want me as your enemy." Mona ended the call just as Thad began to respond. She didn't have time to argue with the overbearing wolf. She needed to do some searching through the archives that she'd rescued from the Purge.  She needed to know who could have helped Rachel remain in hiding and she needed to find a weakness she could exploit.
Mona had plenty to do, but Thad didn't need to know that. The thought of doing her own research reminded her that Vasile, the Alpha of the Romanian Grey Wolves might be doing the same thing.  Vasile was smart. He had to be to have lasted this long and be this powerful. It only made sense that he would do his own digging, especially since the Canis lupus seemed to have disregarded witches altogether. So perhaps it was time to pay a visit to the powerful Alpha's home.  After all, while the wolf is away, there's room for the witch to play.
 Mona laughed to herself. I must be getting old if something so simple is funny to me, she thought. She grinned as she swept her deep red cloak around her.
After sending out a mental call, she waited. Soon hoof stomps became audible and a second later there stood her black-as-night steed.
"Ahh, Octavian, my faithful friend." Octavian was the eighth in his line to serve the witches, hence his name. He was a steed of old, his life supernaturally long, just as his sires before him. The witches had begun breeding them further back than Mona could remember.
"Let's go on a journey," she told him as she swung up onto his back. She didn't disrespect him with a saddle. She knew that he didn't have to serve her. He, like any supernatural being, had magic of his own. Octavian turned and headed in the direction he had come, away from the crumbled mansion and the woods that held the secrets that Mona hoped soon to uncover.

 Decebel took a deep breath as he waited for Jen to answer him. He didn't have to wait long.
"Where have you been? Why have you been blocking me? Do you have any idea how worried I've been? Do you know what I've been through?" Jen's questions were like a gun going off in his head.
"Are you talking to Jen right now?" Jacque asked as she watched Decebel's eyes get bigger and bigger.
Decebel nodded once, then with a wrinkled brow he asked, "Does she have an off switch?"
"We've been looking for one for years," Sally offered, "but it's a no go."
Decebel held up his hand to the two girls as he listened to Jen in his mind.
"Why are you acting so weird?"
He could hear pain in her voice and wondered if he was the cause of it. "She wants to know why I'm acting weird," Decebel told Jacque and Sally.
"Okay, Dec, you need to tell her she's talking to methrough you," Jacque instructed.
At the same time Decebel heard Jen say, "Is Jacque around? Put Jacque on the line."
Decebel looked over to Fane. "Are they always this bossy?"
Fane and Sally both looked deadpan at him, and at the same time replied, "Yes."
"Jen, I'm going to listen to Jacque talk and you are going to listen through me. I will then give her your response." Decebel explained.
"Ask her why the hell you're calling me Jen."
"She wants to know why the hell I'm calling her by her name."
Jacque raised a single eyebrow at him. "Are you calling her Jen?"
Decebel nodded.
"Yeah, that's not what you call her. You call her Jenniferor babyor smart ass, and even once I think you called her a 'mouthy little thing.'" Jacque waved her hand as she said, "Moving on. Okay. So, Jen, Decebel's been cursed." Jacque waited for Decebel to pass it on.
The girls watched as Decebel bowed his head and started shaking it from side to side. They looked at each other, confused by his behavior. Then his shoulders began to shake.
"Are you laughing?" Sally asked, bewildered.
Decebel finally composed himself and looked up. "She said, 'So someone else has cursed him. What's the big deal? I curse him all the time.'"
They all started laughing; not only at Jen's words, but at the comical tone with which Decebel relayed them.
Jacque rolled her eyes. "No, you dimwit. Cursed as in its 'Leviosa' not 'Leviosa.' Not curse as in dumb ass."  Decebel relayed the message.
"Now she's asking why the hell you're quoting Harry Potteragain?" Decebel was getting more and more confused by the conversation the two girls were having--through his thoughts.  
"Man, this would be easier if she had a cell phone," Sally grumbled.
Decebel looked at Jacque. "Let me try and explain, okay?"
"Go for it, lover boy."
"Jen, I was hit with a curse by a witch. According to Sally it affected my memory. There are huge holes-I can't remember that much. I'm really struggling with this because I feel like there are some things that I should not have been able to forget."
Jen didn't respond right away. If he hadn't felt her in his mind, he would have thought she was gone.
"You for-forgot me? You really don't know who I am." A simple but powerful statement. Her voice was so full of hurt that Decebel felt like his heart was being ripped from his chest. "So, you feel like you shouldn't have been able to forget your true mate?"
"Yes," Decebel answered honestly.
Jen didn't respond.
"I think I hurt her," Decebel confessed out loud.
"Of course, you hurt her, you oaf," Jacque growled. "Now that the cat is out of the bag, ask her where she is, if she's okay, and how we find her." Jacque was nearly on her feet. Only Fane's hand on her leg kept her from jumping up and pacing.
"Where are you?"
Soon Decebel cringed and looked back at Jacque. "Does she always talk so, so...," he growled as he tried to come up with the correct word.
"So, sailor-like? Get used to it, Don Juan. Whatever she said, I promise you she has said worse," Jacque snapped.
"It just gets worse when she's stressed," Sally tried to reassure him.
"She's asking, 'What the hell does it matter where I am if my damn hairy, flea-infested mate doesn't know me from the next hot blonde on the street?'"
"You left out some words, didn't you?" Jacque asked. "'Cause that's pretty mild for Jen."
Decebel snarled. "There's no reason to repeat everything she says. And why does she think I have fleas?"
"She thinks everything with fur has fleas. Don't take it personally." Jacque's tone was sharp, but she knew she shouldn't be taking her frustration out on Decebel.
"Luna, ease up on him." Fane gentled his words by rubbing Jacquelyn's back. She looked over at him and stuck her tongue out.
"I intend to take you up on that offer later."
"I've created a monster," Jacque told him, rolling her eyes.
"Oh, you have no idea, my love." Fane's smile spoke of wicked things.
Finally, Jacque turned her attention back to Decebel, who was looking more and more concerned by the minute.
"Now she isn't responding to me," he told them as his brows drew together and his shoulders grew tense. It was obvious that he was trying very hard to hold it together. It was then that Jacque realized that even though Decebel had lost some of his memory, he was still the same man. A possessive, bossy, controlling, and dominant wolf. She imagined that the idea of not being able to fix this situation, of not being able to comfort Jen, was driving him crazy.

"Jen, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you." Decebel tried to make sure that she could feel the frustration and worry he was feeling.
Finally, she responded. "Please stop calling me Jen. Call me anything but Jen. I just can't stand hearing your voice saying it."
Decebel looked at Sally. Sally winced at the pain she saw pooling in his amber eyes.
"She told me to quit calling her Jen; to call her anything but Jen."
"Just because you don't remember her doesn't mean that she isn't your mate, Decebel." It was Cynthia who spoke this time. "Do you feel anything when you hear her voice?"
"My wolf stirs at the sound. She brings him peace."
"Try to imagine how she is feeling," Cynthia told him. "She's just found out that the man she loves, the man who has done nothing but protect her, pursue her, and make her feel like the most cherished woman on earth, doesn't remember her. Give her this simple thing. Call her Jennifer."
Decebel tried to reach out to Jen again, but she pulled back. It was like a punch to his gut.
"I just need some time, Decebel. Please. Just -" He felt her pain-could nearly feel the tears that streaked her face. "I just need some time." And then she was gone.
Sally, Jacque, Fane, Costin, Cynthia, and Crina all watched in shock as Decebel-big, strong, immovable Decebel-lost control.
Decebel shot up from the ground and with wolf borne speed was across the room, grabbing chairs and shattering them against the wall. They splintered, hitting the walls with such force that the tavern shook. Decebel snarled, continuing to wreak havoc on everything in his path. His howl of pain swept through the building, bringing everyone to their knees as power rolled off of him.
Suddenly the door to the room flew open and Vasile stormed in. His own power filled the room, wrapping around Decebel and pulling him down.
"Settle, Beta." Vasile's words were firm, laced with the promise of retribution if his Beta did not get himself under control.
Decebel bowed his head.
"I've failed her. I don't remember her, but even as I stand here, I can feel my wolf snarling at me. My own wolf reprimanding me for not taking care of her."
"Are you telling me your wolf remembers her?" Vasile asked.
"I don't know if he remembers her as our mate, but he feels a connection to her, wants to protect her." Decebel looked around the room, shame filling him at the evidence of his loss of control. "I will fix this, Alpha," he told Vasile.
"Yes, you will. You can't help her if you can't keep yourself under control."
Decebel nodded but didn't say anything more.
"We will help him," Sally offered.
Costin looked over at her and she blushed at the approval shining in his eyes.
"That isn't necessary," Decebel told her.
"I didn't ask for your permission. We are pack. What's the point of being pack if we don't share each other's burdens?"  
"Well said, healer." Vasile smiled at Sally.  He could already tell that she was going to be a very special addition to his pack.

It had taken the rest of the day for Decebel and the others to get the room cleaned and salvage as many of chairs as they could. He'd met with the owner and told him that he would pay for the damage and buy the inn all new chairs. Thankfully, Nicolae was very understanding and took things in stride.
That evening, Decebel looked out of the second story window of the quiet room where he sat. Light from the lanterns flickered, casting eerie shadows across the walls; a fire burned behind him in one of the many fireplaces that occupied the tavern. His back was warm from the heat, but the cold that ran across his face and chest remained. There were beds lining the walls, side by side across both sides of the room. Later, he would share this room with the others from his pack, but for now he had told everyone that he needed to be alone. He needed to see if he could get Jennifer to speak to him. He was worried about her; about how she had sounded the last time they had spoken through the intimate bond they shared.
Decebel pulled his phone out when he felt it vibrate. Vasile had sent him a text asking if he was alright. Decebel smiled, amazed at how much Vasile cared for his wolves. Decebel responded and started to put the phone away before noticing a past text from Jennifer. His heartbeat increased as he opened up the text message and his breath caught as he read their playful correspondence.
When he scrolled through it, certain things grabbed his attention. He called her baby, told her she was his. He'd even told her to keep her clothes on. He would have to ask Jacque and Sally about that one. They teased each other through the texts and it was evident that there was an easy intimacy between them. His heart began to ache as he read the messages over and over. Before Cosmina's death he had longed for a mate, longed for what he had obviously just lost with Jennifer. He remembered that after Cosmina had died he had sworn that he would never take a mate. Never again had he wanted the responsibility for another's life, or the possibility that he might fail again. Now, reading these texts, he knew that he would do anything to gain his memories back. He would do anything to have this woman who obviously loved him, and he her, back in his arms.
"I found the text messages between us." Decebel pushed his thoughts as hard as he could against her shields. He felt bad forcing his way into her mind, but not bad enough not to do it. He felt empty, alone without her presence in his mind.
"Jennifer, please talk to me," Decebel pleaded.
"And what exactly would you have me say? Hey there, I know you don't remember me but I love you more than life itself and can't stand being without you. I can barely breathe from being away from you. I'm hurting and scared and pissed. Is that what you want to hear? Do you want to hear how my heart is breaking and my soul feels like it's been ripped in two? Or maybe you'd like me to tell you how all I can think about is the last time you held me in your arms, the last kiss you gave me, the last time I heard you speak to me with recognition. What should I say, Decebel?"
Decebel closed his eyes as he soaked up her pain.
"I know I've hurt you and I'm sorry. I can tell from these texts that I loved you,"
Jennifer interrupted him before he could say more, and the catch in her voice nearly brought him to his knees, "Loved - past tense. Wow, that is rich. That's the icing on the proverbial cake, fur ball. Thank you for that."
"JENNIFER STOP!" Decebel roared through their bond. "I'm not giving up on us. I'm not going to stop until I find you and until the curse is destroyed. No, I don't remember you, but everyone tells me you are precious to me. Something in me tells me that they are right. I will find you, but until then... just let me court you all over again."
"Um, news flash, Dec. You never really courted me in the first place. You pretty much told me that I was yours and nearly killed any other man or wolf who breathed too close to me." He could hear her sarcasm and took that as a good sign, like maybe he had gotten through to her.
"And how exactly do you plan to court me, B?" she asked him.
"B?"  
"For Beta. Although I reserve the right to use it to call you a female dog when I deem it necessary."
Decebel grinned. She was a feisty one that was for sure.
"Well, I've got all night. How about we get to know one another again?"
He waited to see what she would say and didn't even realize that he was holding his breath until he released it when she responded.
"Okay."
"Before we go any further, I need to know, are you safe? Is anyone hurting you?"
"I'm safe. I'm hurting, but only because I fell into a deep hole in the ground."
Decebel decided to wait to address that. First, he would deal with her emotions and help put her at ease.



###chapter 8

"I'll start." Jen began. "And I've been meaning to ask you this for a while, but things got a little hectic recently and before that you were being a butt head. What's your last name and how come you never use it?" Jen closed her eyes as she lay on the table. She had been wondering what his last name was, that was true, but right this moment she would listen to him recite the alphabet over and over just to hear his voice. Yes, yes, I am that pathetic at this moment, she thought.
"My last name is Anghelescu. It simply means son of Anghel. Anghel was my father."
"Who was your father?" Jen asked.
She almost could hear him take a deep breath before he spoke.
"He was the Alpha of the Western Romanian pack." Decebel waited for her response. He figured she probably didn't know that at one time the Romanian pack was divided.
"When was your father Alpha?"
Decebel's brow furrowed. Wasn't she going to ask him about the pack being divided?
"After the werewolf wars. The previous Alpha was killed during them. I think his name was"
"Gavril," Jen finished for him.
Decebel couldn't believe that she knew this. It wasn't something that was ever talked about in casual conversation. How could she know?
"Yes, Gavril. My father was his Beta." Decebel paused uncomfortably. "...My father died in 1905 after my mother, Eveline, was shot and killed by poachers. They'd mistaken her for a wild wolf. I was only 20 human years old, making me one of the youngest Alphas in our history."
This time he did feel her surprise. So, she hadn't known that he had been an Alpha.
"You were an Alpha?" Jen asked, awe filling her voice.
"Yes."
"So, what happened? Why are you not one anymore?" Decebel could feel her interest, her desire to know more about him. For some reason, that made him feel proud. His wolf was strutting, like a young pup trying to catch a female's attention.
"When my sister Cosmina died, I lost it. I went into a fit of rage that became dangerous to all those around me. I remember Vasile coming to me; I remember dissolving the Western Romanian Pack and declaring a merge. But after that I don't remember what happened. I do know that I gave up my last name. I had disgraced my family by not protecting my sister.  I didn't deserve to carry my father's name."
Jen could feel Decebel's pain at losing his sister, and the shame he thought he should carry. But she knew better. Even Alphas couldn't save everyone.
"Decebel, Alphas aren't infallible. You should not be ashamed of what happened that day. No one could've predicted what some idiot wolf would do. You are an amazing man, and when you claim someone as yours you do everything in your power to protect them. But you aren't perfect and no one expects you to be."
"You speak as if you know me." Decebel couldn't hide the emotion that her words evoked in him.
"I do know you." Jen's voice was soft as she responded to the emotion she felt coming through their bond.
"I wish I knew you that well."
"You will," Jen promised. "I won't give you up, Decebel. Sorry, but you are stuck with me."
She could feel Decebel's joy.
"Sally showed me pictures of you on her phone," he mentioned suddenly.
Jen stilled at his comment. Her eyes flew open and met the ceiling she laid beneath, tracing along the wood beams that ran horizontally across the room. Her breathing increased and right then and there she planned to kill Sally as soon as she saw her.
"Did she now?" Jen asked carefully. "And what did you think?"
"I hoped that one day you would be bonded to me so the sheet was no longer necessary."
Jen felt blood rush to her face, the heat of embarrassment washing over her. Yep, Sally was a dead gypsy healer.
"Don't be embarrassed, Jennifer. I think you are beautiful."
"Yes, well, I didn't exactly expect the first thing shown to my mate who doesn't remember me to be my physical form wrapped in a sheet."
"I'm not complaining." She heard laughter in his voice and she soaked it up as if it were the last drop of water she would ever feel on her skin.
"I'm sure you're not."
Decebel grew serious. "Jennifer, how did you know who Gavril was?"
Jen didn't know how much she was allowed to tell Decebel. Rachel and Gavril had stepped out, not concerned about Jen getting up and leaving since she couldn't walk. But how could she keep anything from Decebel? Whether he remembered her or not he was still her mate.
"Jennifer?" His voice sounded more and more like the Decebel who loved her.
"I don't want to put the ones who have rescued me in danger."
"I understand that and you can trust me. How did you know?"
Jen took a deep breath and let it out. She decided that there was no way that she couldn't tell him.
"I knew who he was because he and his mate, Rachel, are the ones who saved me from the cavern I was in. I'm in their home right now."
Jen winced at the alarm that rushed through their bond.
"How? How can they still be alive? No one has seen or heard from them in centuries."
"I know. Rachel explained everything to me."
"Then explain it to me," Decebel demanded.
"I can't yet, Dec. I don't know what they are comfortable with me telling."
"I'm your mate. How can you keep anything from me?"
"Oh, now you want to claim the mate card? Well you can just cram that back into your back pocket, buddy, because not long ago you were like, 'blah, blah, I don't remember you, blah, blah I should remember my mate.' So loddy freaking da!" Jen growled at him.
"I may not remember, but I do believe that you are my mate. Jennifer, you will submit to me in this." Jen could feel the shock that filled him when she laughed at him through their bond. "Are you laughing at me?"
"Yes, my furry mate, I am most definitely laughing at you. 'Submit' - man that is classic Decebel. Makes me want to kiss you."
Jen heard the door begin to creak open.
"Hey, Dec, I gotta go. They're back and I need to talk to them."
"Don't you dare block me out, Jennifer." Jen loved the bossiness in his voice; it made her feel like nothing had changed between them.
"Sorry, but the connection is kind of getting fuzzy, Dec, you're cutting in and out. Maysome...can't...got to...talk...late..." Jen broke her words up with silence in between to mimic a bad connection on a cell phone, then quickly slammed a wall up between their minds. It hurt to be separated from him, but Jen trusted Rachel and Gavril, and she needed to know just exactly what to do about letting her friends and mate know where she was.

"How are you feeling?" Jen heard Rachel ask.
Jennifer laid on the bed with her eyes closed, smelling the cool, crisp air that had swirled in when Gavril and Rachel entered their home. While they had been gone Jen had tried to get a look around the room. She'd observed that the bed she occupied was in the area where a breakfast table would be. The kitchen was right next to it. The floors were polished wood and the island in the middle of the kitchen contained shelves that housed a number of different bottles with various names written across their labels. Above the island hung a round wrought iron pot holder; but instead of pots, plants and herbs hung from it. The counter that ran on either side of the kitchen was the same wood as the island and the cabinets about it were open, boasting no doors on the front. It was a very cozy room. The smell of burning incense permeated the air and the crackle of the fire burning just out of sight around the corner warmed her.
Jen's mind returned to Rachel's question when she saw her standing over her bed.
"Weak," Jen answered honestly. She figured that she had no reason to lie.
"I'll make some more tea for you."
"Thank you." Jen cleared her throat before she continued. "So, Rachel, I need to know what I'm allowed to tell Decebel, my mate, about you guys. He and I were talking through our bond while you were gone and I've found out why he felt so weird to me."
"He's lost his memories," Rachel finished before Jen could reveal it.
Jen's mouth dropped open. She closed it and shook her head. "How do you know that?"
Rachel handed her the tea and Jen took a sip. Gavril came and stood beside his mate.
"There are eyes and ears everywhere in the forest," Gavril told her mysteriously.
Rachel nudged him. "Don't try to scare her, you oaf."
Gavril gave his mate a mock snarl, but there was humor in his eyes.
"Gavril and I went to see the woman I told you about, the one who helped us all those centuries ago," Rachel explained. "We knew that she would know what was going on. And it's not good. Not good in the least." Rachel walked over to Jen and placed an arm behind her shoulders as Gavril took her ankles gently in his hand. "You need to sit up for a little bit. All that lying on your back could cause pneumonia."
After Jen was all settled, the pillows behind her propped against the wall, she looked up into Rachel's worried face. "So, lay it on me. Don't sugar coat it and please trust me. I trust you guys and I don't want anything to happen to you."
Rachel smiled. "Thank you, Jen. The first thing you need to know is that you need to be here. Only I can heal you and keep you from getting sicker."
"Why would I get sicker?"
Rachel ignored the question and continued on, "Second, the witch I was telling you about is indeed the one from so long ago. She is powerful and she wants a healer. She will stop at nothing to find me. I need you to understand how horrific it would be if she got her hands on me. I have to prevent that at any cost."
Jen began to feel her head get foggy. She wasn't sleepy, but she was dazed. And then she felt it. Her bond with Decebel snapped in half. It was so bizarre. It was as if she could see the cord that led her to him-like a string being pulled too tight, it snapped. Jen took in a gasp of air at the sudden loss of connection. Her eyes shot to Rachel.
"What have you done?" Jen growled.
Gavril stepped forward, a protective stance in front of his mate. As if Jen was in any shape to do anything.
"I'm sorry, Jen. I can't have you telling your mate too much. You might not even realize that you are giving up clues to where he or your pack might find you."
Jen was trying very hard to see it from Rachel's point of view, but the dark hole inside her was not making her particularly understanding.
"There will be some consequences to the bond being severed. It isn't permanent and I should be able to keep the effects to a minimum."
"What consequences?" Jen narrowed her eyes at the healer who she had so wanted to believe wouldn't hurt her. Now she wasn't sure.

###chapter 9
"My love," Fane caressed Jacquelyn's face as he tried to wake her. "We need to get ready."
Everyone else had already gotten up and begun getting ready for the journey that they each had ahead of them. Fane had let Jacquelyn sleep an extra ten minutes, knowing that emotions were going to be running high today. It was going to be exhausting.
To his surprise, his usually morning-hating mate sat up abruptly. She looked at him, her hair a mess from sleeping. Instead of a smile he saw the hard glint of determination in her emerald eyes.
"I know you want to jump and run out the door, Luna, but we can't help Jen or Decebel if we don't take care of ourselves. So, a quick shower, then food. Okay?"
"Tell me we are going to fix this, Fane. I know you told me last night, but I've slept since then. So please tell me that we will find her and get his memories back."
Fane stood up and walked around to the other side of the bed. Taking her hand, he pulled her up to stand in front of him. He tilted her chin so that he was staring into eyes that he could stare into for the rest of eternity.
"I give you my word. I will do anything and everything to get Jen back to us and Decebel restored. They are as much my family as yours and they are pack. I protect what is mine. And though I am not Alpha yet, I am prince of the Romanian Greys. Decebel and Jen are mine. Are we clear?"
Jacque looked into the beautiful face of her mate. She could feel the love, concern, unbending determination, and single-minded focus to do exactly as he said he would.
"We're clear. I trust you."
Fane pulled her close to him, wrapping his arms around her. One hand held her firmly on her lower back and the other caressed the nape of her neck. When his lips met hers, the world and all the worry, grief, strife, and pain melted away. It was just her and Fane. She wrapped her arms around his neck, running her fingers through his hair. She pressed her body closer to his and was rewarded with a low growl. After several minutes, Fane pulled back, his lips moist from their kiss. She smiled when she realized that he was just as out of breath as she was.
"I could kiss you every day, all day, and I would never get enough," he said. Though he had stopped the kiss, he had not loosened his hold on her.
"You are in luck." She grinned wickedly.
"And why is that, Luna?"
Jacque stood up on her toes and pressed her mouth to Fane's ear. She felt his body tense against hers. "Because I plan to let you kiss me-often and mostly on the mouth," she told him with a gentle breath of air against his ear and neck.
Jacque started laughing when Fane growled at her words. She loved that she could still rattle his cage-loved keeping him on his toes.
"Thank you," Jacque whispered in his mind.
"For what?" Fane honestly didn't know what she could be thanking him for.
"For giving me that. For continuing to show me affection and love, even with all of this going on."
"Jacquelyn, look at me." Fane's words were gentle but still a command.
She did as he told her.
"You always come first. Always. And it isn't only you who needs to feel loved, wanted, and needed. We are wolves my love-touch is essential to us." Fane kissed her forehead and released her. "You go shower. I will meet you downstairs for breakfast."
"Hold up." Jacque realized that Fane wasn't wearing the clothes that he had gone to sleep in. He had on a pair of green cargo pants and a black, long sleeved shirt. "Where'd you get those clothes and where can I get some?" She needed to get out of her soot-covered ensemble in the worst way.
"The owner went around to people in the village and got the clothes donated. There should be some in the bathroom down the hall. They might not fit perfectly but at least they are clean."
"I don't care if they're rags or cashmere. I just need to get out of these clothes." She looked up at him and smiled. "Thanks, wolf-man. I'll see you in a few."
Fane winked at her as he left the room.

Jacque knocked on the bathroom door. There was only one in the entire tavern and she was sharing it with the rest of the pack.
"I'm almost done." It was a familiar female voice.
"Sally, it's Jacque. Open up."
The door opened just enough for Sally to poke her head out. Jacque felt the steam from the hot shower caress her face as it swirled past her.
"It's just you?"
Jacque rolled her eyes. "Yes, healer, it's just me. Now let me in."
Sally opened the door farther as she huffed, "Well, you might have had your wolf with you. I didn't want to open the door like this-" Sally made an up and down motion with her hand indicating her towel clad body,"-and be like 'oh, hey Fane, how's it going, Fane? I'm just standing around in my towel hanging out doing my thing, Fane.'"
Jacque shut the door behind her and shook her head at Sally. "You are a disturbed little gypsy."
Jacque looked around, quickly seeing the shower along the wall across from the door. It was a simple tiled square with a drain in the floor. A blue shower curtain hung across it. Beside the shower was a small table that held clothes and towels. Jacque couldn't help the grin that spread across her face as she began to undress.
Sally gave her a weak smile. "I'm sorry. I'm just all out of sorts. I'm getting weird vibes and-"
"What do you mean weird vibes? From Jen? The forest? About Dec?" Jacque interrupted.
Sally stopped brushing her hair mid-stroke. She turned from the old mirror to look at her best friend. "You done? You gonna let me finish now?"
Jacque held up her hands in surrender. "Oh, man. I'm sorry. I'm perilously close to the freak-out wagon, aren't I?"
"I definitely think that you need to take a couple of steps back. It's too early to jump on that wagon. I assure you I will give you the full go-ahead when it's time."
Jacque grinned. "Okay. So, what were you saying?"
"I don't really know how to describe it. I think Jen is safe, but at the same time something is off. I'll have to see how Decebel is acting.  That might help me understand what is going on with Jen. He doesn't realize that even though he doesn't remember her, she is still connected to him. They affect one another whether they know it or not."
Jacque climbed into the shower. Sally chuckled as she heard Jacque moan, "Oh. My. Gosh. This feels heavenly. Almost so good that it could be bad, but it's so good that you don't care if it's bad. You get me?"
Sally had a smile stretched across her face and her eyes crinkled as she answered, "Yes, wolf princess, I get you. So, anyway, as I was saying, another vibe I'm getting is from a certain wolf"
"Oh, brother. Are we getting ready to have some Jen moments?"
"Most definitely a Jen moment. He is totally not an option, completely off the menu. But he keeps smiling at me and winking at me. I meanCome. On. How much is one girl supposed to endure?"
"Let me guess." Jacque talked over the shower spray. "Does said off-the-menu-wolf's name rhyme with lostin?"
"Lostin? Really, Jac, that's what you're going with?" Sally rolled her eyes.
"Okay, fine. Is the wolf's name-"
"Yes, yes, crap," Sally interrupted. "It's our friendly neighborhood bartender. I mean, can you imagine me introducing him to my parents? Hey mom and dad, this is Costin.  He's a werewolf and a bartender. So basically, he could eat me for lunch and then pour himself a nice cold beer to wash me all down."
Jacque was cracking up as she turned the shower off and pulled the curtain open. She grabbed a towel and started drying off. "Nice one."
"I'm being serious, Jacque," Sally whined. "He is really beginning to get to me and I don't have the time to nurse a broken heart."
"Sally, take a deep breath.  Let it out slow." Jacque waited until her friend complied while she continued to dress. She pulled on a pair of cargo pants that were just a tad too big, then pulled a dark blue turtleneck over her head. "Now, let's not stress over the little WWBT issue right now, okay?"
"WWBT?" Sally's brow furrowed.
"Yeah, were-wolf-bar-tender." Jacque grinned, obviously pleased with herself.
"What is with you and Jen and the acronyms? I swear ya'll have a notebook full of them."
"If we do, you'll never know." Jacque winked at her brunette friend.
Sally looked Jacque up and down and then smiled. "You totally rock the whole 'I took a soot bath in a fire and now I have to wear clothes a size too big in colors that completely wash me out' style."
Jacque pulled the door to the bathroom open and ushered Sally out. "Well, thank you, Thelma. I appreciate the props."
"Anytime, Louise. That's what I'm here for-to point out when you pull off a look, or crash and burn."
"Let's get downstairs to eat, you dork," Jacque said, shaking her head at Sally and pulling her along.

When the two girls arrived downstairs, they saw most of the pack had already eaten and were beginning to disperse, some heading off to help the tavern's owner clean up and others taking care of things that Vasile had assigned them.  Their group all collected around the fireplace in the large gathering room. Fane walked over to Jacque and handed her a plate of eggs and bacon. And to Sally's surprise-and partial chagrin mixed with joy-Costin handed her a plate of the same.
Both girls took seats on the sofa that the guys had vacated when they arrived.
"Nice of you ladies to join us," Vasile addressed them with a firm tone, but his eyes held amusement.
"In America, V, there is this thing called fashionably late. See, it's my job as your daughter-in-law to introduce you to all these customs." Jacque grinned at him.
Vasile chuckled. "Oh. Well then, I suppose I should thank you instead of reprimand you?"
"Now you're catching on."
All those around the room chuckled at the banter, but grew quiet as Vasile stood.
"As soon as you all are done eating, the chosen groups will immediately depart, each to its own separate destination. Alina and I, as well as most of the rest of the pack, will stay here. The tavern will serve as headquarters, for lack of a better term. Fane, Jacque, Crina, and Sorin will take the remaining vehicle and head back to the mansion. Once there, Sorin will get in contact with the pack historian.  He should at least be able to point you in a general direction of where to begin looking." Vasile paused and seemed to gather his thoughts. Everyone waited in silence, the fire snapping and popping as the wood burned and the wind outside blew against the windows.
Finally, he looked to Sally. "You, Cynthia, Costin, and Decebel will head out on foot."
Sally's eyes widened at his declaration.
"On foot? In the cold and snow?" She squeaked.
"I could sacrifice some body heat for you if you need," Costin teased and winked. He took great pleasure in making her blush.
"Costin." Vasile's voice was a warning.  Vasile understood what might be brewing in Costin, but now wasn't the time to distract the healer. "Now, I have gathered all the things you will need in order to manage in this weather. You will have some help along the way, although you should not seek it out. Just let it come to you."
A groan was heard as Jacque threw herself back dramatically on the sofa. "V, you are killing me. First, they get to meet the Fae, and now they get to go on some Lord of the Rings trek across the mountain? And still all I get is some old dude and crumbly paper?"
"Just remember it's all for Jen and Decebel." Sally patted her best friend's leg.
"That is your only saving grace. Otherwise I would so be inviting myself on your little adventure."

Two hours, several arguments, and lots of groaning as packs were loaded later, Jacque, Fane, Sorin, and Crina were once again in a Hummer traveling the long road down the mountain back toward the Romanian Grey Wolves' mansion. Meanwhile, Sally, Cynthia, Costin, and Decebel had begun their arduous journey on foot.
"You think we got everything?" Sally asked Cynthia as they headed into the forest of the Transylvania Alps. They were walking in a single file line with Cynthia in the lead, then Sally, Costin, and Decebel bringing up the rear.
"If we didn't, the only thing we left was a toilet."
"Seriously," Costin added, "it had to have been Alina who packed for us. No man would have thought of all the things that we have packed into these bags we are lugging on our backs.
Jacque had suggested that they take a horse or donkey, but Vasile had refused.  He told them that even if they could find one on such short notice, it would just be one more mouth to feed. So, without a pack horse or donkey, the four were on their way.
Each of the travelers fell silent as they walked along. The crunching of the snow beneath their boots, and the occasional bird or scurrying animal, were the only sounds.
Decebel was lost in thought. After Jennifer had blocked him, and he had taken some time to calm down, he had gone to Vasile. He told Vasile that Jennifer said that the people who had rescued her were Gavril and Rachel-an Alpha and his mate thought to have died three centuries ago. Vasile was surprised, but not completely shocked. He had told Decebel that, in light of Jen's circumstances, going to see Peri was the best course of action for Sally.
 When he'd awoken this morning, Decebel knew that something was wrong. He couldn't feel Jen at all. It wasn't like when she blocked her mind; even then he could still sense her.  Now there was just nothing. Decebel had decided that maybe she was unconscious, and although he hated the idea of her unconscious, it was a better thought than of the other possibilities. He hadn't mentioned it to anyone because he didn't figure that there was anything that could be done about it. The longer he went without her presence, the weaker he began to feel, and the darkness creeping into his mind and soul intensified.  Now he was thinking maybe it would have been a good idea to mention this to Vasile. If it got worse, he decided, he would talk to Sally and Cynthia.

Cynthia Steele couldn't believe where she was, or what she was doing. If someone had come up to her a year ago and said, 'Hey, next year you'll be in Romania hiking through the forest looking for a fairy,' she would have told them to quit sniffing those permanent markers. But here she was, in Romania, hiking in the freezing cold, looking for a fairy. She had known the Fae existed at one time. Cynthia liked to keep up on at least a little bit of their history and the history of other supernatural beings. She hadn't been as diligent in the past few years and didn't know that the Fae were still a part of this world. It was amazing.
There was no doubt she regretted what she had done to Jacque, but at the same time she was so glad that she was here, able to help her own kind.  

Sally was trying to focus on where she planted her feet in the snow to keep from stumbling, but her mind kept wondering to the too-hot-for-his-own-good wolf walking behind her. She didn't understand the ache inside her when she looked at him. What she could understand was her attraction to him - he was freaking lickable. Sally smiled at the words she'd heard Jen use so many times before. Jen - that was where her mind should be. And it was, but it was also on Costin.
See, Jen? I need you Sally thought. You would tell me to pull it together, and if I happen to get groped in the process, then lucky me. Sally snorted out a laugh at that. It was exactly what Jen would say. Sally pulled her shoulders back and stood a little taller. Whatever was going on or not going on between her and Costin would still be there once Jen was safely home. Vasile had sent her to find answers about how to help Jen. He had pulled her aside before they left and explained all about Jen and Rachel and her mate. He felt very strongly that Perizada would have answers and be able to help them. Her response was: "And what if she doesn't?"
Vasile had frowned at her question, then a mischievous smile played across his handsome face as he told her; "If she gives you a hard time, which you need to expect, just ask her if she would at least please make sure fairy dust hits your butts, along with the door, on your way out."

"How are you doing up there, brown eyes?" Sally was pulled from her thoughts by the sound of the deep, playful voice behind her.
Cynthia had stopped a few feet ahead and was taking a drink of water. Sally turned to look at Costin. She wished she could say her heart didn't stutter when he grinned and winked at her, but she would be a liar. Sally was many things: coward, shy, awkward, but not a liar. So, yeah, her heart stuttered and her palms were as sweaty as a stuffed hog.
"I'm good. Well, really I'm just trying really hard not to fall on my ass," Sally slapped a hand over her mouth just as the word ass slipped out. She knew her face was turning bright red from the heat burning off of her. "Sorry, um, Jen has rubbed off on me. Well, that's the excuse I'm using anyways."
Costin chuckled. "Well, don't try to keep from falling on that beautiful backside for my sake. I will make it my mission to make sure I'm where you land." Costin's smile was beautiful and so big that a dimple appeared in his right cheek. Sally had to laugh at his flirtation and cockiness.
"Does that line work with all the girls?" she teased back as she turned to continue following the now-moving Cynthia.
"Don't know, don't care. There's only one girl I'm concerned with it working on." Sally's head turned back of its own accord at the sound in Costin's voice. All playfulness was gone, the cocky grin only a memory. Her eyes landed on a dominant Canis lupus who had found its prey. Sally's breath quickened as she realized just how serious he was. Costin gently nudged her forward but didn't say anything more.
Costin watched as Sally turned back in the direction they were going. His words had obviously hit home. He hadn't intended to scare her but his wolf was pushing him to make it perfectly clear that he was claiming her. Costin agreed with his wolf, but he didn't understand how it was possible when Sally was one hundred percent human. He watched her flip her brown locks behind her shoulder as her eyes wandered over the landscape of his homeland, wonder filling them. She smiled when a rabbit scurried across their path, then gasped when a hawk grabbed the critter in his talons, swooping him up and off into the cold crisp air. And when Sally Morgan turned back to look at him with glistening eyes, the sadness of seeing an innocent little one taken in the circle of life he knew he would tear down mountains to take that sorrow from her. Human or not, Sally Morgan was his.  


###chapter 10
**Day 2 Post-Fire**

It was mid-afternoon when they finally arrived back at the mansion. Jacque stretched as she climbed out of the Hummer.  Although she was stiff from the long drive - and hungry - she was eager to start digging through the past of the Canis lupus to figure out a way to break the curse on Decebel and stop the witch.
"Okay, Sorin," Jacque said, cocking a brow at him. "Lead the way to the archives."
Fane took Jacque's hand, pulling her with him as they walked into the mansion. Crina followed silently, still tired from their drive. They traversed the long corridor where Vasile's office was located. When they reached the end of the corridor, Fane opened the last door on the left.
"I always wondered what was in here," Jacque murmured as she watched Sorin enter a code on a keypad located on the wall just inside the room - which ended up being a closetor was it?
"Niiiiiice." Jacque grinned. "You didn't tell me this place had secret passageways."
Sorin shrugged. "You didn't ask," he responded dryly. After the code was entered, Jacque watched as what appeared to be a solid wall at the back of the closet began to slide to the right, leaving an opening that revealed a descending stone staircase.
"That is pretty wicked. Did you know about this?" Jacque asked Crina.
"Jacque, I'm 27 years old, unmated, and although I'm a dominant, they don't tell me jack around here." Crina winked. "So, no. I didn't know about this."
"Alright, then. Well, we learn something new every day," Jacque rambled as she followed Fane through the opening.
"I have a feeling we are going to learn more than something today," Fane said as he turned back to look at Sorin. "You should lead. You've been down here before, right?"
Sorin nodded. "Yes. It's easy to get lost once out of the main room, so stay together."
The group descended the stone steps, which spiraled downward. Jacque noticed the wall sconces that lit the way. The passage was narrow, with stone walls following the spiral of the stairs. The air was kind of stale and cool, and even with the lights, it seemed to grow dimmer the farther they went.
After reaching the bottom of the staircase, Sorin came to a stop in the center of a large rectangular room.  Along the far-left wall was a large desk. There were computer screens, Jacque counted six in all, on the wall in front of the desk and paper was scattered over the top, halfway covering a keyboard and mouse. On all of the walls of the large room there were shelves packed with books and objects. There was a plush couch and two overstuffed recliners directly to the left of the stairway. Across the room on the far wall were several archways that led into darkness. In front of the arches there were several round tables with chairs around them. Jacque could tell there was something on the tables, but she was too far away to see what exactly it was. Stepping past Fane and Sorin, Jacque moved closer to the tables and realized what was on them, or in them rather.
Carved into the tops of the tables were scenes. Each table had a different carving. The first one was of a pack of wolves running together through a forest. The crafter had given it so much detail that she could see where the wolves kicked up snow behind them. Their faces all looked light and carefree - no burdens or shadows in their eyes. The next table was a scene of two massive wolves locked in battle. Around them stood other wolves looking on, waiting. The two wolves fighting one another were on their hind legs, each attempting to slash their enemy. Both sets of teeth were bared and saliva dripped from their mouths. Jacque shuddered as she studied it; she could almost feel the tension the on-looking wolves must have felt.
The third and final table held a much calmer scene. It was so touching that Jacque could feel a pull deep inside her, a longing for what she saw. A massive wolf sat tall and proud. His head was turned down, looking at the smaller wolf pressed closely against him, and pressed against her was a small pup. The she-wolf stared up at the proud male wolf in wonder, while the look in the male's eyes held intense emotion for the two in his care.
Jacque was amazed at the detail depicted and the amount of emotion somehow carved into the faces of these wolves.
"It's who we are, who we've been, and who we want and need to be." Jacque heard a voice coming out of one of dark arches. She turned back to look at Sorin, Fane, and Crina. Fane walked over to where she stood and pushed her behind him.
"So, this is the prince's mate?" the voice spoke.
"Quit being dramatic and come out, Wadim." Sorin rolled his eyes.
"Sorin, did you just roll your eyes?" The voice, now named Wadim, asked.
"I've been with American teenagers for months now. I've learned a lot more than just eye rolling."
Jacque and Crina laughed out loud but abruptly stopped when a figure emerged from the middle archway.
Jacque attempted to step around Fane to get a better look at the guy, but Fane kept moving with her.
"Fane." Jacque's voice was stern as she spoke to him through their bond.
"Don't move from my side," he told her as he relented and allowed her to move next to him.
Jacque cocked her head to the side as she looked at the new male. "You're not old and dusty?" The man before her looked to be in his early thirties, tall, wavy black hair. He is totally rocking the Aragon look, Jacque thought to herself, comparing Wadim to the Lord of the Rings character.
"Is that wide-eyed wonder I hear in your voice, Jacquelyn?" Fane had obviously heard her thought.
"Chillax, wolf-man. I only have eyes for you."
"Good, I would hate to have to find a new historian." Fane's voice was a growl in her mind.
"Feeling possessive today, are we?" she teased.
"Behave yourself."
"I'm hearing that a lot lately from you." Jacque gave him a mental picture of her smiling graciously at Wadim.
Okay, so maybe that wasn't the brightest idea, she realized as Fane once again pulled her behind him. She let out a loud huff but settled for standing on her tiptoes and looking over his shoulder.
Wadim was wearing a faded gray t-shirt. Printed on the center was, "I can only be nice to one person a day. Today is not your daytomorrow doesn't look good either." He had faded blue jeans and black converse sneakers. This was the pack historian?
Really? Jacque thought.
Wadim chuckled at Jacque's skeptical expression. "Old and dusty? That depends on who you ask," he teased. He looked back at Sorin and smiled. "It's been a while, old friend."
Sorin nodded. "It's been a busy few months, as I'm sure you know."
"Knowing is my job, so please feel free not to share." Wadim pulled out a chair from the first round table and sat down, facing the group.
"Nice shirt," Crina spoke up. Her eyes shot over to Jacque, who gave her a thumb's up.
"My sister." Wadim grinned. "She sends me these shirts with different sayings on them. She says it's to help me keep my sense of humor. Apparently, I'm surrounded by boring facts."
"What did you mean earlier?" Jacque asked from around Fane, who still wouldn't let her past.
"You were looking at the tables; you feel the pull of them."
Jacque nodded but didn't speak. She felt Fane wrap an arm around her waist. He pulled her beside him, firmly against him.
"These tables were carved by the Fae. Now, the Fae never do anything without reason." Wadim gestured to the first table. "This image is of who we were created to be. I'm sure you know the legend behind the Canis lupus - how the moon goddess created us?"
Jacque nodded. "Yes. She created you to save the species of the grey wolves."
"It's deeper than that." Wadim stood up to look at the carving. His fingers traced the wolves as he spoke. "The Great Luna saw that man was dividing itself. Family was no longer important.  She saw the wars, the hatred, and the children affected by it."
Jacque stepped away from Fane and pulled out a chair from the third table. The others followed suit. As they continued to listen to the pack historian share his knowledge, it was obvious to Jacque why Wadim was the historian. He was so passionate about their history.  
"So, she looked upon the wolves, who were dwindling in number, and back to the humans who no longer cared for their own, and combined their spirits. She took the loyal, protective, possessive nature of the wolf and took the intelligence, emotions, and love of the human and brought them together. She designed us to be pack.
"The Canis lupus, both wolf and man, were meant to be a family with one another. We gain strength through our bond with each other. This first table depicts what the goddess wanted for us. The second table is who we are today. We have attacked our own, divided our species, even had a civil war.  We suffer for going against our very nature." Wadim shook his head.
"In any event, the third table is who we need to be. We can't survive without children. But the moon goddess has seen the human children suffer because of the wars and division in their species. Her way of ensuring that we understand how precious a child is by giving so few. She never wants us to forget the blessing of children and the hope they bring. History reveals our path - we are in the circumstances we are today because of the choices we, as a collective species, made. This third table pulls at our wolf. The wolf in us longs for pack, for family, for touch, for children. These tables created by the Fae were designed to draw one's wolf closer to the surface, to open our human eyes in order to see what needs to be done."
They all stared in silence when Wadim finished speaking.
Finally, Sorin spoke. "Thank you for that, Wadim. It is important that we remember why we are here."
"Well, I'm sure you didn't come for a history lesson on the moon goddess and our species. What can I help you with?"
"Didn't Vasile contact you?" Fane asked, his brow furrowed.
"No, I haven't heard from our Alpha."
Sorin looked wary. "Vasile told me he would call Wadim to let him know we were coming."
Fane met Wadim's eyes. "Has anyone been here to see you today?"
Wadim thought for a few minutes, trying to remember, but his mind was foggy and the thoughts stayed just out of reach.
"I don't remember. I don't even remember what I've done today." Just as his words came out Fane, Sorin, and Crina all whipped towards the archways.
Crina gasped. "Is that smoke?"
Then they were all up and running in the direction of the smoky smell. Fifty feet down the hall, the smoke began to surround them.
"Wadim, go find some blankets - and hurry!" Fane yelled.
Wadim took off in the direction of his room. A minute later, he arrived in the largest archive room and saw piles of parchment, paper, and books on the floor. Flames were steadily reaching out toward them. He threw a blanket to Fane, one to Sorin, and took the remaining one. When he covered the fire with it, stomping as quickly as he could, Sorin and Fane followed suit.
Jacque and Crina looked on in horror.
"This is so not good," Jacque muttered.
"I think that is what you Americans call an understatement," Crina said, unable to tear her eyes from the scene before them.
"Of the century," Jacque added. She began to cough from the smoke, which filled the room as the fire was extinguished.
Fane leaned back against the bookshelves behind him. His breathing was labored and his chest tight as he tried to suck in what little clean air was left in the room. "This has to be the work of that witch."
Wadim's head snapped up. "Witch?" he asked in horror.

Late in the night of the day the two groups had set out, Alina stood at the window of the room she and Vasile shared in the tavern. Her eyes looked out into the night. The sky was clear and stars dotted the darkness. The moon was a crescent, which gave off an eerie glow. She didn't know why, but she felt like she could push her pack on by sheer will, and if she took her eyes away from this view for a second all would fail. She heard the door behind her open and close softly. Strong arms wrapped around her waist from behind and she let her head fall back and rest on the strong chest of her mate.
"I feel your resolve, Mina." Vasile's breath whispered softly across her hair.
"I feel like if I step away, or stop thinking about them for even the shortest breath, their feet will falter and their courage fail. How vain is that?"
Vasile chuckled. "My love, you are an Alpha. It is in your nature to control and protect. Give yourself a break. We have sent out the ones who love Jen and Dec the most. They will keep going until all is right again. I do not doubt them."
Alina knew he was right, but it didn't make it easier to sit and wait to hear from them. To hear if they were all safe and any closer to finding Jen and restoring Decebel.
"You need rest. We both do. Come." Vasile pulled her towards their bed and laid down beside her. "Sleep, Luna. Trust in your pack to be strong."
Alina drifted off to the sound of her mate's low, gentle voice singing softly. She smiled to herself as she thought about how the other males would tease him if they knew he sung his mate to sleep.

Sally and Cynthia gathered twigs while Decebel and Costin broke tree branches to build a fire. Sally couldn't remember a time when she had ever been so cold. Once a strong fire was burning, the four sat around it as close as possible. Each was wrapped in layers of clothing, hats, scarves, gloves, and blankets. Decebel passed out the jerky and bread that the tavern owner had provided them. Protein and carbohydrates and water. Amazingly enough, Sally knew from her tenth-grade health class that the body could sustain itself on even less if need be.
"How are we going to know when we've gotten to where we are supposed to be?" Cynthia asked no one in particular.
"Vasile said she would find us. That we just needed to get farther into the mountains and eventually Perizada would make herself known." Sally looked at each of her friends, her pack mates - odd as that sounded, it felt right.
They were all quiet while they finished their food and drinks, each staring into the red, yellow, and orange flames that danced before them. The silence was broken when Sally turned to Decebel.
"I know it's a private thing between mates, but I would really like to know how Jen is doing. Has she been communicating with you?"
The three watched as Decebel visibly tensed. His face grimaced, almost as if he were in pain.
"I -" Decebel began, but stopped. He ducked his head briefly trying to shake off the feeling that something was very wrong, "I can't feel her. When I try to reach out it's like the bond that linked us has been severed."
Sally shook her head. "Why didn't you say anything?"
Decebel growled at the accusation in the healer's voice. "And what exactly would you have done?"
Costin let out a low growl and moved to sit in between Decebel and Sally. "I know you are my Beta but you will not speak to her that way."
"Costin," Sally's voice was soft, "he's hurting, he doesn't understand. Cut him some slack."
Costin turned and looked into Sally's honey brown eyes, which were full of gentleness and understanding. "I understand he is hurting. But you are a healer and mine to protect."
Sally took in a sharp breath. "Yours?"
Costin closed his eyes for a moment, cursing himself at the slip. "The pack's. But I'm here, I'm pack, and I will protect you even from one of our own."
Sally gently laid her hand on his arm. "Thank you. Decebel isn't going to hurt me. I need to see if I can figure out what's going on."
Costin nodded but stayed where he was.
"Um, Costin." Sally raised her eyebrows at the handsome - yet exasperating - wolf in front of her. "That means I'll need to get close to Decebel."
When Costin didn't move, Sally stood up with a huff and mumbled, "Jen was totally right. Damn stubborn, bossy fur balls."
Cynthia snickered as Costin's eyes widened at the gentle healer showing her claws.
Sally took a seat next to Decebel, "Can I touch you?"
A low growl from across the fire.
"Costin," Cynthia warned. Costin didn't acknowledge her, but he did stop growling.
Decebel nodded to Sally that it was okay. Sally laid her hand upon his chest and closed her eyes. She felt so ignorant when she tried to use this so-called "gift". She didn't understand how it worked. All she could do was open her mind and let whatever magic that seemed to be inside her do its thing.
Sally felt energy flowing into Decebel as she sought out the bond that he'd spoken of. She felt like an intruder knowing that the bond between mates, from what Jacque had explained, was very intimate. Her mind searched through his, finding the connection the Beta had to his Alpha and to the pack, an intricate web. Finally, she came upon what looked like a gold cord, strong and glowing. Following its path, she nearly pulled back when she saw the severed end. It looked frayed, like a rope that was unraveling at the ends. Sally noticed that the end and several inches of the cord were no longer gold, but blackened, dead. She reached toward the darkened part. As soon as her consciousness touched it, she felt herself being thrown out of Decebel's mind and back into the present.
Sally was gasping for breath. She opened her eyes to see Decebel's face covered in sweat, his mouth tight in pain, and the agony that was so obvious on the inside was bleeding out through his glowing amber eyes.
"Sally," Costin spoke with a low growl, "move away from him."
Sally ignored him and instead moved around until she was kneeling right in front of Decebel.
"Your bond with her has been severed. It's dying."
Decebel closed his eyes, squeezing them tight. Maybe if he closed them tight enough and long enough the healer's words wouldn't be true. He didn't remember Jennifer; he didn't remember her scent, her touch, or the beautiful face he had seen in the pictures on Sally's phone. But he wanted to. He wanted to have the chance to know her again, to love her again.
"How?" His voice came out hoarsely.
"I'm not really sure, but it feels like magic. Not dark, though. Not like the witch's magic."
"What did Jen tell you, back when you were able to speak with her?" Cynthia asked.
Decebel realized then that Cynthia didn't know about Rachel having Jennifer. He looked up at her, remembering the night in her office with Vasile and Alina. Sitting there, listening to her read about a dormant named Rachel. He couldn't remember why she was telling him about the dormant, but he felt like it must be important.
"She told me that Rachel and her mate Gavril rescued her from the cavern."
Cynthia jumped to her feet. "What! How is that possible?"
"You said yourself when you were reading the history on them that their bodies were never discovered. Apparently, they lived."
Cynthia continued to look at Decebel like he was speaking a foreign language and she was searching desperately for the translation in her mind.
"Did she say where they are, or where they have been for the past three centuries?" Her tone was somewhat sarcastic.
"She wouldn't tell me anything about them. She was protecting them."
"From what?" Sally asked before Cynthia got the words out.
"I don't know," Decebel growled. "She refused to tell me. She refused to submit to her mate."
Costin tried to disguise the laugh that forced its way from his chest with a cough, but was unsuccessful. Decebel glared at him. "What are you laughing at, pup?"
Costin flashed that heart-stopping grin and winked at Sally as he answered Decebel, "These American women do not submit, Beta. You might want to get used to the idea."
"Then how are we to protect them? How are we to keep them from doing asinine things?"
"Well, you are mated to Jen." Sally chuckled. "Her middle name changes from day to day. Her staples are "nympho", "impetuous", "too smart for her own good", "smart-ass", and all too often, "asinine". You've got your work cut out for you."
"So, you don't think it's dark magic?" Decebel asked, changing the subject.
"No, definitely not. But it is magic." Sally looked over to Cynthia. "You said this Rachel is a healer? Could she have worked some sort of magic?"
"Honestly, Sally, I don't know. I don't know enough about healers and the magic that they invoke." Cynthia thought for a moment. "It might be Fae. If this Perizada is what Vasile says, she might know Rachel, might have helped her do this."
Sally was up, pacing. Costin watched her every move.
"Why would Rachel sever the bond if she's one of the good guys?" Sally was thinking out loud, trying to reason through the possibilities.
"Maybe they've been in hiding," Costin suggested.
"That would explain why no one has heard from them in centuries," Cynthia agreed.
Sally continued to walk around the fire, her mind turning over and over. "If they were in hiding, they would probably worry about Jen being able to tell Decebel things that might reveal their location." She looked at Cynthia, who nodded her agreement.
"Surely she would understand that there are consequences to severing the bond of true mates." Cynthia shook her head in disbelief. "Unless she thinks that it won't affect them a lot, or even at all, since they haven't completed the Blood Rites."
"Whatever the reason, we need to find this Peri character," Sally huffed. "If what I felt happening to Decebel is happening to Jen, then they are both in trouble."
Decebel's head snapped up. "Jen could be feeling this?"
"More than likely she is enduring the same thing. Your bond with Jen is unusual, from what I understand, for an un-bonded pair. You both are so intense. We need to try to move fast tomorrow."
Each of them laid their blankets close to the fire. Costin and Decebel agreed to take turns keeping watch. Decebel took the first. He was in too much pain to sleep anyway. And knowing that Jennifer was possibly feeling this as well made his gut clench. His wolf was restless and angry. Decebel kept getting the feeling that his wolf remembered their mate. If his wolf did, why didn't he? Whatever the reason, until he was reunited with Jennifer, his wolf was dangerous. He was dangerous.


###chapter 11
Jen laid on the bed, tears slowly leaking from her eyes. She felt the wetness trail down the side of her face, across her ears, and onto the pillow. She couldn't explain why she was crying. She was Jennifer-freaking-Adams, she didn't cry.
Yeah, well think again, She-Rah. Apparently, you do, she thought. She was hurting. Her body was sore and aching, but she had always been able to handle physical pain. These tears were caused by something un-named, undefined.  She thought back to Rachel's and Gavril's words about the consequences of the bond being broken between her and Decebel. They'd explained that they had gone and talked to this Perizada character and had agreed that, at this point, it was best if Decebel and the others didn't know the things Jen already did. Jen's response naturally was why the hell not? Rachel wasn't used to such crassness and kept giving Jen looks that said she thought she needed her mouth washed out with soap. Rachel had told her that Perizada, who was a powerful Fae, said that it had to happen this way, the fates deemed it necessary for Sally and the others to come see her first - something about not wanting Sally to know about healers and werewolves just yet. Jen still felt like Rachel and Gavril were batting for the home team, but that didn't mean she wasn't upset about them interfering with her and Decebel, especially when her mate didn't even remember her.
Night had fallen and the house was quiet. Jen closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of the night, calming her mind. She could hear the howl of the wind outside, the occasional hoot of an owl, and even once the howl of a wolf, which brought goose bumps to her skin. She clenched her jaw as another round of pain ran through her and her mind reached out for something, something that wasn't there any longer. She felt something in her stir, something in her growl. Jen clamped her mouth shut, refusing to let loose the snarl that threatened to come out.
 "I will not lose it," she said into the darkness. "I'm in pain, yes; I'm scared, yes. I want to see my friends and my mate. YES! But I will not lose it. So put on your big girl panties, Jennifer, and pull it together!" Jen was grinding her teeth by the end of her little pep talk. She let out a deep breath and closed her eyes. She'd won the battle - tonight.  But the war wasn't over and she had a feeling this was just a skirmish compared to what was coming. Her eyes closed and darkness poured over her. She tried to open her eyelids, but they were heavy. She felt herself being pulled under, her last thoughts about battles, wars, and love.

"Is she awake yet?" A gruff voice rumbled as Jen began to wake from the deep sleep she had finally drifted off into late last night.
"It's been a week since we saw Peri." It was Rachel speaking now. "And every day she looks weaker, paler. I'm doing everything I can for her injuries, Gav. It's not working. She isn't getting better."
Gavril walked over to the girl who lay in their kitchen. Her face was pale even as it glistened with sweat. He pressed his hand to her forehead and watched her eyes squeeze in pain. Did his touch hurt her?
"She's responding to touch," he told Rachel.
Rachel stood next to her mate and watched as Jen's face grimaced. Suddenly Jen rolled over, a loud groan escaping her throat. She flung her head over the side of the bed, vomiting violently. Rachel rushed forward and pulled Jen's hair out of the way.
"Gavril! Get some cool wet towels, please." Rachel's tone was firm and in control.  
Jen felt Rachel rub her back gently, murmuring in some language that she was pretty sure wasn't Romanian.  The heaving finally stopped and she was able to catch her breath, but that was too good to last. Just as Rachel started to help her back up the nausea rushed through her again. Jen doubled over as something metallic filled her mouth. Her eyes widened as she watched bright red liquid hit the floor. Blood.
Rachel's gut tightened as she watched the blood pour from Jen's mouth. She closed her eyes and laid her hands on Jen's stomach while Gavril held Jen's hair back and held her steady. Rachel reached into Jen's body, seeking out the source of the sickness. She could feel the pain that flowed through her very veins. She reached into Jen's mind and gasped as she felt what Jen did. Her veins felt like they were on fire, like the very blood that flowed through them boiled. She tried to find what it was that was causing it. Infection from her injuries, some sort of bacteria somewhere, but she found nothing. Blackness was reaching into Jen's mind, a dark void cloaking her, and nothing Rachel did could cause it to recede.
Rachel pulled her hands back and opened her eyes. She looked up at Gavril, tears rolling down her cheeks.
"Rachel, Luna, what's wrong?" Gavril's voice was gentle as he watched his mate.
Rachel shook her head. "She's dying and it's my fault."
Jen finally stopped vomiting and Rachel took the moist towels Gavril had brought her and wiped her mouth and face.
"What do you mean she's dying?" he asked her.
Rachel looked deep into her mate's eyes. "You know how the darkness was beginning to consume you before you met me?"
"The darkness begins to consume all males without their true mate," he answered.
"I broke their bond."
"What does that have to do with it?" Gavril stepped around Jen's bed. He put his fingers on his mate's chin and gently raised her head so he could see her azure eyes.
"There is darkness in her, consuming her. The kind of darkness I found in unmated males anytime I had to heal them. It's killing her. There's no balance in her without him and somehow when I severed the bond, it's like the darkness in him, the darkness she would keep at bay, somehow seeped into her. I don't know how to describe it."
"It sounds like dark magic." Gavril stroked her face gently watching as his mate's heart broke over the dormant. "You were only protecting us," he whispered gently.
Rachel's head snapped back as if he had slapped her. "It's my job to protect her, to protect others! I'm a HEALER!" Rachel was shaking - so angry with herself, with the Fae, with everything. As a healer, it broke her heart to think she had hurt another. If Jen was going through this, what was her mate enduring?
"Peri said that her mate had been cursed by the witch. Maybe that is why the bond being severed has caused this reaction in her. It may not have anything to do with you."
"Regardless, you and I both know we should have risked whatever we needed to get her back to her mate."
Gavril lowered his eyes, something an Alpha rarely did. Rachel reached up and touched his cheek. He pulled her into his arms. "If I was her mate, I would kill me." His voice was soft and deep. "You're right, love. If someone kept you from me, if someone took our bond, I wouldn't be able to stand it." He stepped back and raised her chin once again. "We will fix this."
Rachel nodded once and looked down at Jen. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was labored. She propped a pillow under her to raise her chest up. She took a seat next to the bed and held Jen's hand. "We have to."

Decebel fell to his knees as he doubled over in pain. He felt nausea rolling through him, but nothing came up. His head hung and sweat dripped from his brow despite the cold air. Sally, Cynthia, and Costin surrounded him but didn't touch him.
"This is the sixth time today," Cynthia spoke quietly to Sally. "It's been a week since we started off. He gets worse every day. Pretty soon he isn't going to be able to walk."
Sally took a deep breath and pushed it out through her teeth. Frustration threatened to overwhelm her as she watched the powerful wolf fight an invisible enemy.
Sally growled in frustration. "ARGH! We've been wandering all over this cold freaking mountain for a week! Where is this fairy? What are we supposed to do, drag a half-dead, huge werewolf through the mountains shouting, 'Here fairy, fairy. Come help the poor whittle healer.'"
Costin walked over to Sally. She looked up at him and snarled. Costin lifted a lip in return and tapped her on the nose. "Calm yourself."
Sally's jaw nearly hit the ground at his audacity. Did he just tap me on the nose? Calm myself? What the-
"Calm myself?" Sally's voice was low as she looked up at the handsome wolf.
"I know you're frustrated, I get that. I know you're scared, I get that too." Costin stepped closer to her and laid his warm hand against her cold face. "But you don't get to lose it right now. You don't have that luxury, okay? You will pull yourself together and we will get Decebel through this. We will find Peri."
Sally tried really hard not to close her eyes and lean her face into his large warm hand, honestly, she did. When she opened her eyes Costin's eyes were glowing. Crap, she thought.
She took a step back and nodded once. "Pull it together. Got it. I'm good now, I just needed to have a freak out moment. I've had it, I'm good to go."
Costin smiled that breath-taking smile. "Excellent." Then he stepped over to Decebel and knelt down. "How are you doing, Beta?"
A low growl emitted from Decebel. "Something is very wrong."
"Can you walk?"
He nodded once and struggled to his feet. Cynthia stood on his left, ready to help if necessary. Finally, he stood, and Costin and Cynthia backed off.
Decebel's glowing eyes met Sally's. "We really need to find that fairy."
Sally nodded. "I know, Decebel. And aside from screaming at the top of my lungs I don't know what else to do."
"We just keep walking," Cynthia said firmly.
Costin nodded his agreement. He looked at Decebel. "Let's keep going until it gets dark. Can you handle that?" Costin knew the challenge would spur the Beta on.
Decebel growled.
Costin chuckled. "Good. Let's go, then." He turned to Sally. "You coming, healer?"
Sally stuck her tongue out at Costin as he waited for her to pass him. He simply chuckled at her, making her want to stomp on his foot - childishmaybe.  And although she really wanted to slap him for his earlier Alpha-wolf show, she had needed someone to snap her out of it. If it had been Jen, Jen would have slapped her and told her to pull it together. So maybe having a hot wolf like Costin tell her that instead wasn't as bad as she thought.
The four continued on a non-existent path, Cynthia leading, Decebel, Sally, and Costin bringing up the rear. So, it had been for the past week.  As they walked and the day dragged on, Sally began to feel like they were being watched. She paused as they topped another long hill.
"Is it just me or does it feel like the trees have eyes?" she asked wearily.
"No, I've been feeling like we are being watched as well." Decebel's voice was raspy with pain.
Costin took a protective step in front of Sally as they each peered into the darkening forest. The sun began to set and the temperature continued to drop. Finally, after standing there for several moments feeling like they were in a standoff, Sally yelled, "Show yourself!  We know you're there!"
They each let out a breath they didn't realize they had been holding. Then a voice came from up ahead.
"You have to be one of the bravest, mouthiest healers I have met in some time."
Decebel stepped forward, placing himself in front of their group. Costin stepped up beside him, blocking both Sally and Cynthia.
Sally rolled her eyes, looking at Cynthia.
Cynthia smiled. "Alpha males," she murmured, and winked as if that were explanation enough - which it was.
As they all looked straight ahead in the direction the voice had originated from, they saw a soft glow emerge from the trees. There was a flash of light, which caused them all to turn their heads and cover their eyes. Then, just like that, it was gone. In its place stood a beautiful woman. She looked to be in her mid-twenties, but the weary look in her eyes said she was much older and had seen more than her share of heartache. She was tall and slender, with waist-length white hair that shimmered with her movements, as if little lights were attached along each strand. Her lips were ruby red and her high cheeks had a natural blush to them. Sally noticed that she did indeed have pointed ears, although not so prominent as to stand out. Her most striking feature were her eyes. They were a pale peridot green with a very soft glow.
This was Perizada.
"I will admit that the bright light is a little ostentatious and not necessary, but I figured it's your first time to meet a Fae, might as well go all out."
Nobody said anything as they stared at the eerily beautiful Fae.
"Perizada?" Sally wanted to confirm.
"The only." The fairy smiled sweetly.
"Excellent," Sally murmured with a wicked smile as she started toward the woman. "So bloody nice of you to finally grace us with your presence," she growled as she continued forward.
Costin grabbed her around the waist, pulling her back against his chest. "Easy," he whispered in her ear.
"While you have been taking your sweet damn time revealing yourself to us, our friends are in trouble.  Decebel is on the verge of keeling over and who knows what's happening to Jen! So please do tell. What has been so freaking important that you have taken a week, A BLOODY WEEK, TO CONTACT US!" Sally was panting and continuing to pull against Costin's hold.
Perizada stepped closer, her eyes running over each of them, then back to Sally. "Are you sure you're a healer? You're awfully temperamental."
"AHHH!" Sally screamed against Costin's hold. "You haven't seen temperamental until you've seen Jen. I'm a peach compared to her. Where the hell have you been! Why did you take so long? Don't you get it? Decebel is -" Sally stuttered and pointed at the weakened Beta, "and Jen is, is, well -"
"Jen is dying," the Fae said matter-of-factly.
Sally gasped and would have collapsed had Costin not been holding her.
Decebel's knees buckled as he howled a sound so painful that Sally thought her heart would tear from her chest.
"You don't know that! You don't know what you're talking about!" Sally couldn't believe the way she was acting, but it just all hit at once. She was cold, tired, and scared. And now this Perizada stood there, speaking so casually about the demise of her best friend. It was just too much.
"SILENCE!" Perizada yelled and the air around her seemed to shimmer and crackle. "You know nothing about which you speak, healer. I am Perizada, ambassador to the supernatural world from Farie. I was here before you were even a thought in your mother's mind and I will be here when your bones are dust buried layers beneath the earth. You do not have the privilege of questioning me." Perizada's eyes were glowing and her hair whipped behind her by an unnatural breeze. "I will answer you not because I have to, but because I respect you as the current healer to the wolves. I have been leading a very nasty witch on a fruitless chase. She was getting close to discovering Rachel and Gavril's location and that cannot happen, must not happen. I could not risk coming to you until I had sufficiently squelched her plan. That is where I have been. You must not be so narrow-minded to believe your friends are the only lives worthy of rescue."
"Watch it, Fae," Decebel growled, managing to sound menacing even from his broken position on the cold, snow-covered ground.
"I meant no offense, wolf."
"Are you going to take us to Jen now?" Sally asked, her anger now being replaced by fear and worry for her friend.
"No, I will have to have Gavril bring her to us. I cannot have you and Rachel in the same place. Your combined magic would draw the witch like a moth to a flame." Peri turned to Decebel. She walked over and leaned down in front of him.
"I owe you an apology Beta. I did not realize the bond between you and Jennifer was so strong. It has been long since I have interacted with the wolves and I had forgotten the fragility of a new bond."
"I don't remember her. How can our bond be strong if a witch's spell was able to erase my mate from my mind?" Decebel's voice was tight with anger.
"You have not shared blood. Listen, she has not been erased. Your wolf knows her or else you would not feel the pain you are feeling. Your fates are intertwined even without completing the Blood Rites. I haven't seen a bond like this in a long time." Peri laid her hand on Decebel, offering the little comfort through touch that she could.
"Come." She stood, motioning for them to follow. "We have a long journey to Farie, we mustn't tarry."
"Did you say Farie?" Cynthia sputtered.
"Where else can I keep your presence safe from others?" the Fae asked in a condescending tone.
"Oh, of course. Where else?" Sally muttered sarcastically as Costin finally relinquished his hold on her. She glared at him as they began to walk.
"Why did you hold me back?"
"Because you needed to be protected from yourself in that moment. I told you, it's my job to protect you."
"Even from myself?" Sally rolled her eyes.
"Especially from yourself." Costin winked and grinned, completely non-plussed by her snarkiness.
"Yeah, well, who will protect me from you?" Sally muttered under her breath.
Costin heard Sally's muttered question and the pain in her voice as she stomped past him to follow Peri. His brow drew together as he thought about her words. The only explanation he could come up with for such a comment was that she was developing feelings for him.
It worried him that he felt so strongly for her even though she wasn't Canis lupus. He shook his head at the thought. It didn't matter. Sally was his, and she would just have to accept that. If he were being honest with himself, he would admit that he enjoyed the thought of making her come to terms with their inevitable relationship. But then again, where was the fun in being honest with oneself?



###chapter 12
Eight days after the fire, Jacque, Fane, Sorin, Crina, and Wadim all sat in various places around the burned room. The smell of smoke still lingered and soot still covered the walls. Jacque groaned as she rolled onto her back, holding a book above her face, reading intently. Suddenly she sat up.
"I think I've got something."
The other four stopped what they were doing and turned their attention on the red head.
Jacque began to read:
"The year was 1605 and the Fae had instituted the Great Purge. The witches were overpopulated, taking residence on continents all over the world. More than in any other time in history, the balance was off. It needed to be restored. The task fell to the Fae, who were the most powerful of all the supernaturals. Perizada, the high fairy, decreed war on all witches. She sent out her people with the command that there were to be only four witches to each continent. What the Fae did not expect was for the witches to fight back. It had always been accepted that the balance must remain and when too much evil filled the world, for it to be purged.
"The Fae are steeped in magic. Their very beings are magic. The witches, however, conjure magic. It is unnatural and only accomplished at the expense of another's blood. And so, the Great Purge was a massacre. The Fae wiped out the witches in a matter of days, at a great cost to themselves. The supernatural world held its breath as it waited for the repercussions of the balance once again being thrown off.
"Days passed and nothing happened. Perizada met with the Alphas of the packs, searching for any problems that might have occurred as a result of the purge. Nothing. It was decided at the meeting of the Alphas that the only explanation was that evil had not been eradicated. A witch, somewhere, somehow, had survived. "
Jacque sat and stared at the book as she continued to skim.
"Is there anything more?" Crina asked.
Jacque shook her head. "That's the end of this volume. She closed the book and looked on the spine. Volume III, it read. "I need volume four."
They all began searching through the books on the floor and the shelves.
"Got it," Sorin announced a minute later. He handed the heavy tome to Jacque.
She opened it and began skimming. Everyone waited. Finally, she snapped it shut.
"Nothing! No name, just mentions of an unknown witch leaving her mark across the world."
"What was her mark?" Fane asked his mate.
"Supernatural deaths. And don't think I'm not noticing that there is a whole slew of "sups" out there that you didn't bother to mention, wolf-man." Jacque glared.
Fane held up his hands. "If I remember correctly, Luna, you told me you wanted to stick with just werewolves."
Jacque growled. "And since when do you give me what I want?"
Fane chuckled. "I'm learning."
She rolled her eyes and continued to sift through books and papers.

For several hours they continued to search for information on the witch. Every now and then, one of them would run across something and read aloud to the group and then continue on in silence. Night had fallen by the time Jacque decided she could no longer ignore her aching stomach.
"I'm starving. Anyone else ready for some food?"
"I'm with you," Crina said as she stood up from her spot on the hard floor. She stretched her arms over her head and let out a loud yawn.
The others muttered in agreement and all headed back to the surface of the mansion.

"So, Wadim, you don't remember this witch's name that survived this purge?"  Jacque spoke in between spoonfuls of the hot soup Jacque and Crina had thrown together.
"I feel like I should remember it, but it's just not there." His voice was thick with frustration. He had been trying to fill the blank spaces in his mind since the day the others had arrived, but nothing helped.
Jacque shook her head and growled. "I swear, if I ever get my hands on the wicked witch I'm going to witch-slap her."
Crina snorted at Jacque's change-up of the phrase, nearly sucking her drink up her nose.
"Good one." She smiled at Jacque.
Jacque winked with a chuckle. "It was weak, but I'm trying." She looked over to Fane. "Has your father heard anything from the others?"
"No. When I spoke with him earlier, he said things have been quiet. Although, he said every now and then he has been feeling some pain seep through the pack bond to him. He thinks it has something to do with Dec and Jen. Something has happened, but there isn't anything he can do. He didn't say, but I can tell he is getting restless not being able to take action. His wolf is agitated with the pack being so divided."
"Well, I'm going back down to do some more searching before I call it a night," Jacque announced as she finished her meal.
"Luna, I think you need rest. We have been going through book after book. You need a break."
"I will take a break when I find that witch's name," she snarled at him, which was not like her at all. Snappy, yes - snarly, not so much.
When Fane stood and growled at her, stepping close, she took a few steps back.
"Don't," she whispered. "Don't pull that Alpha crap on me, Fane. Not now."
Fane could hear the hurt in her voice. He took her by the hand, and without looking back at the others, said, "We will be going through the documents." The unspoken message was everyone else was to get some rest and leave the prince and his mate be.

Fane walked briskly back down to the archives, never looking behind him as he held Jacque's hand, towing her along. When they finally reached the room, they had spent the last eight days in, he turned abruptly and pressed Jacque against the wall. She let out a sharp gasp at the quick move. Her breathing increased when Fane continued to press forward, their bodies touching from toes to chest.
"Why do you question me, Luna? It's my job to take care of you." Fane's voice was low as he spoke directly into her ear. His lips grazed the sensitive flesh with each movement.
Jacque closed her eyes against the sensation.
"I'm a grown woman, Fane. I can decide when I need to sleep," she ground out through her gritted teeth, bracing herself against the desire that began to simmer as her mate placed one hand on her lower back and pulled her even closer. His other hand went to her chin, tilting her face up to his. He stared into her eyes and she watched as his began to glow brighter and brighter blue.
"Fane." His name on her lips was a plea.
He leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. She didn't respond right away and he growled low at her. Jacque responded to this by running her hands through his hair as she deepened the kiss. When Fane let go of her chin and placed his hand on her hip, under her shirt, his warmth sent a shock through her and she moaned into his mouth. Fane pulled back abruptly, his own breathing heavy.
"Let me love you, Luna," Fane whispered as he began placing gentle kisses all over her face, her neck, and collarbone. Jacque groaned and tried to shake off the lust-induced fog.
"Stop trying to distract me, it won't work," she muttered in between short breaths.
"It looks like it's working to me." Fane chuckled as she pressed against him.
His chuckle broke through her haze as she pushed him away.
"GRRR! Fane! I won't let you try to get me to go to bed by seducing me."
"Why not? You need a break and I need you. It's a win-win." Fane leaned forward, trying to kiss her again, only to meet her hand.
"Listen up, Don Juan." Jacque poked a finger in his chest, punctuating her words. "If you think you are needy now, just keep pulling this Alpha crap and seduction crap on me. We'll see just how needy we can make you."
Fane took a step back, straightening his shirt, and ran his hands through his hair. After composing himself, he smiled at her. "A compromise?" he asked sweetly.
Jacque couldn't stifle the giggle at his raised eyebrow. "Lay it on me."
"I was trying to. Geez, woman, make up your mind," Fane told her, eyes glowing.
She threw one hand up to hold him off. "I meant your idea, fur ball, not your delectable body."
Fane let out a growl. "Delectable?"
"Oh, get over yourself. What's the compromise?"
"I give you two more hours, then you come to bed with me."
Jacque shook her head as she rolled her eyes. "You will give me? Really, Fane?" She stepped around him. "Fine, two hours, then bed. To sleep," she clarified and laughed to herself when Fane growled and tugged on her hair. They fell into companionable silence as they both began to read.

An hour and a half later Jacque stood up and walked over to Fane. She didn't look up from the book in her hands as she moved toward him.
"I found it. I found her." Jacque's words were a near whisper as she looked up at Fane, finally tearing her eyes away from the name on the page.
"Desdemona." Jacque shuddered as she spoke the name aloud.
Fane brushed some wisps of hair from Jacque's face as he asked her what it said.
"It says she's the only survivor of the purge. The account is from a member of the Serbian pack in 1711. He is talking about how an unknown female came to their pack and darkness followed her." Jacque looked up at Fane. "She's been working with the Serbian pack since the 1700s?" Her voice was full of dread at the realization of how old Desdemona was, and how long the alliance between her and the Serbian pack ran.
Jacque continued to read the document, explaining out loud what she was reading.
"She started the werewolf wars. After the wars were over, she disappeared." She handed Fane the book and let him skim over it as she thought about what she had read. Desdemona, a powerful witch, probably the most powerful in history.
Fane closed the book gently and wrapped his arms around Jacque. "Good work, love. We now know who she is. There is power in having a name. I think we should call it a night. We can share with the others what we have found tomorrow. Then we can continue to search for a way to break the curse."
Jacque nodded and allowed him to guide her out of the archives and up to their room.
"So... sleep, huh?" Fane asked slyly.
Jacque rolled her eyes. "We just find out the name of the most powerful witch in history, the witch who cursed the Beta of our pack, and that's what you want to talk about?"
Fane chuckled. "Who said anything about talking?" he whispered against her neck as he pulled her toward their bed. Fane gently pushed Jacque onto her back and covered her body with his.
Jacque let out a small moan as her mate kissed her. When he pulled back and stared into her eyes, she smiled. "Talking is definitely overrated."
She closed her eyes and let her mate love her, closing out the nightmares crowding in on them.

Ten Days Since Departure

It was two days later when another breakthrough finally occurred.
"What could possibly break the curse on Decebel?" Jacque asked Fane as he searched through the stacks of old parchment.
"I've got it!" Crina shouted. Everyone stopped what they were doing.
"What's it say?" Fane asked from across the room.
"Love," Crina answered solemnly.
"Love?" Jacque asked incredulously. "That's the answer? That's what will make Decebel remember?"
Fane began to set aside the documents that crowded his lap. "Crina, bring that paper with you. Luna, grab the books with the references to Desdemona by name. Sorin," Fane started toward the hallway that would lead them back to the main room, "it's time to head back to the tavern. We've got a witch to hunt."


###chapter 13
Thad stood in his office, which was located in the Serbian pack headquarters, staring out into the cold, dark night. The usually clear sky was veiled in the darkness of rolling clouds. The windows rattled as the wind picked up speed. The trees swayed, causing the snow on the branches to blow away into the night.
His back was stiff with tension, his shoulders pulled back, hands in the pockets of his grey slacks. He rolled his neck in an attempt to ease the tension, but he couldn't shake the feeling that he was missing something very important - some piece of knowledge that had been buried in history. He kept asking himself why Mona was so willing to help him. She was powerful, no longer needing his pack's protection, and yet she stayed.
His brown eyes narrowed with an eerie glow. It was time to start digging, he decided. How long had it been since he had looked into the past of his species? Centuries of history, that if forgotten could be detrimental to them, and yet he knew without a doubt the Canis lupus had become too comfortable in their place on this earth. Mona was up to something, something that would benefit her and bring destruction to all in her path. Definitely time to take a walk into their past.

Rachel had barely moved from Jen's side for the past two days. She hadn't thrown up blood since the night before, but she was afraid to leave her unattended for even a moment. In all her centuries she had never been more ashamed and more scared of her actions. Her selfish need to protect herself was costing this young girl her life, and quite possibly her mate's life as well. Rachel shook her head. No, she refused to accept that. She would not let her die.
Gavril had gone in search of Perizada. He had left hours after Jen started convulsing and vomiting. She was in and out of consciousness, often mumbling incoherently. Rachel took to telling her stories, sharing her past and many adventures. Occasionally Jen would open her eyes, but they were unfocused, not really seeing.
Now Rachel watched as Jen began to take shallow breaths. This was the worst part, when she struggled to breathe, and there was nothing she could do. She propped Jen up with pillows behind her back and head, trying to help open her lungs, but still Jen labored and gasped.
"Please, Jen, don't give up," Rachel whispered fervently. "Hang in there. Gavril will unite you with your mate. Just hang in there, young one."

Jen felt her chest tighten and tried desperately to get more air into her lungs. She hurt all over and the emptiness that continued to swallow her was becoming unbearable. She just wanted it to end. She heard a soft voice somewhere in the darkness telling her not to give up. And truthfully, the idea was tempting, until she thought about his deep voice, his beautiful amber eyes, his amazingly strong body and immovable will. She couldn't give up, she owed him that much. But, damn, it hurt. She tried to open her eyes but they wouldn't cooperate. Lifting her head or any part of her body for that matter was out of the question.
So, this is how it ends, she thought. One would think with all that has happened in the last months that I would at least get to go out in a blaze of glory. But no, here I lay in a gypsy healer's home, battered, broken, and sick. Man, this just sucks.
Jen thought about her parents and how Jacque and Sally would have to come up with some story as to how she died. Her mom wouldn't take it well. Though their relationship was tumultuous on a good day, she was their only child. Jacque would have to take care of Sally because Sally didn't do loss well. Jen still remembered when Sally's dog, Tick, died in third grade. They had named him Tick because they found him in their front yard, hiding under a bush, covered in ticks. Sally had refused to talk for days. Finally, Jen had demanded her mom take her over there and help her do a funeral for Sally. No, Sally did not do loss well at all.
And what about Decebel? How would he handle her death? Of course, since he didn't remember her it might not be that bad, so maybe she should be thankful for the curse. The thought of never seeing his face again caused a sharp pain in her chest. She felt tears slip out of her eyes. She had been crying a lot lately and it was beginning to get on her nerves, but nothing could be done about it. She was hurting physically, yet even more so emotionally. She longed to hear Decebel's voice, even if it was him yelling at her, bossing her around. She remembered the day Decebel had sat with her on that couch and held her, kissed her, showed her with every touch just what she meant to him. She remembered the text messages they had sent each other when Vasile had locked him up. The tenderness in those messages had warmed her to her toes.
Jen wanted to live, but even if she hadn't, she still felt so blessed to have had those four days with her wolf, her mate.


Sally nearly ran into Peri's back when the fairy came to an abrupt halt. She raised her arms and Sally, Costin, Cynthia, and Decebel watched with wide eyes as the air in front of them rippled and shimmered.
"This is the Veil of the Fae. Our world is in another dimension. No one other than a Fae can open the Veil and only a Fae can grant permission for others to cross over."
Just as Peri was about to step through the Veil, a deep voice rumbled through the trees.
"Perizada!"
Costin and Decebel moved into a protective stance between the woman and the unidentified male that was coming out of the trees straight at them.
"Gavril." Peri actually sounded surprised, something that seemed out of character for her. "I presume you come because of the dormant?"
Decebel growled and took a step toward the wolf she called Gavril.
"Where is she?" Decebel snarled.
Gavril looked at him and then realization dawned. "You are her mate?"
Decebel nodded once and continued to growl. His eyes were glowing deep amber and his claws had emerged. Costin laid a restraining hand on his Beta.
"You are the healer's mate, you have Jennifer." Decebel didn't question it because he smelled something on the wolf that was familiar, but not at the same time. He took another step toward Gavril and took a deep breath, then he turned back to Costin and Cynthia. "Does he bear her scent?"
Costin and Cynthia took deep breaths in through their noses. Both let out low growls.
"Yes, he has been with her." Costin realized too late how that comment sounded and had to restrain Decebel further and clarify himself. "He has been in the same room with her, Beta." Costin lowered his eyes in submission, trying to calm Decebel's raging wolf.
"Gavril, how is she?" Peri interrupted the wolves' interaction.
"Not good. She is rarely conscious and she has begun to vomit blood." Gavril's voice was void of emotion, but his eyes didn't hide the fear and pain he felt for the dormant.
"She is worsening more quickly than I realized," Peri said more to herself than those around her. She looked back into the Veil and then back at the group who stood staring at her, waiting.
"Gavril, you must bring her to me. Rachel cannot and must not come."
"I will go with him to get her," Decebel announced, and then without warning fell to his knees. His breathing came in gasps and when he looked up Sally and Cynthia gasped themselves.
"Decebel, your nose is bleeding - and your ears." Sally crouched down in front of him and laid her hands on his chest. She closed her eyes and let the magic in her flow out. She felt his wolf struggling with the man, wanting to be in control, needing to find their mate. Sally realized Decebel's wolf knew who Jen was, he had recognized her scent, and it was making him very dangerous.
She pulled her hand away and opened her eyes. She looked over to Cynthia and Costin. "His wolf recognized her scent. He is in a rage. I don't know how long Decebel can hold off letting his wolf have control, especially since he is so weak."
Cynthia's voice was a near whisper. "If his wolf takes over while in that state, we would all be in danger. He will take out anything in his path until he has her back."
"Costin, you will accompany Gavril to his home and retrieve Jennifer. Gavril, you must hurry."
Gavril nodded and without waiting to see if Costin would follow, turned and took off through the woods. In mid-step he phased into his wolf and hit the ground on all fours. Costin stepped over to Sally and lifted her chin to look up at him. He leaned in close, his mouth resting next to her ear. Sally shuddered when she felt his breath on her ear and neck.
"Be safe," Costin whispered and his lips grazed her sensitive skin. "I will be back for you."
Before she could respond he turned and took off running, phasing as he did so. Sally noticed his fur was a silvery grey that shimmered. She tried to take in some deep breaths after their little encounter and when she turned back to look at Cynthia and Peri, Cynthia was raising a single eyebrow.
Sally blushed. "I don't know, Cynthia, so don't even ask."
Cynthia chuckled, turning back to Peri. "What now?"
"Now we wait," Peri stated as she found a fallen tree limb. After brushing off the snow, she sat down.
"I suck at waiting," Sally muttered as she and Cynthia both sat on fallen branches across from the Fae.
Decebel moved to sit in front of a large tree trunk, listening to the voices around him but keeping his eyes closed. It took all his concentration to keep his wolf under control.
"How do you think things are going with Jacque and the others?" Cynthia asked Sally.
"I don't know. I wish I could call them but my phone isn't getting a signal."
"Bring me your phone," Peri told her without preamble.
Sally looked up at her then to Cynthia. Cynthia shrugged in a 'why not' fashion. So, Sally stood up and walked over to Peri. She handed the woman her phone and watched as Peri touched it gently. A small, glowing light appeared under her hand briefly and then was gone.
"There you go," she said casually, handing the phone back to Sally.
Sally looked at the screen and saw that she had full signal bars. "Wicked. How did you do that?"
"I'm Fae," she said simply.
Just then, as if on cue, Sally's phone began to play a song. Sally nearly jumped out of her shoes in surprise at the noise breaking the silence of the forest. She listened for a moment before answering it. The ringtone had been changed to Brooks and Dunn's "My Maria" song. The ringtone started with the line, "Gypsy lady, you're a miracle work for me. You set my soul free like a ship sailing on the sea. She is the sunlight when the stars are grey, she treats me so right, lady, take me away."
Sally laughed as she answered the phone. She had no doubt in her mind that Jen had somehow confiscated her phone and put that ringtone on there after they'd found out Sally was a gypsy healer.
"Hello?"
"Sally! Oh, my freaking gosh! I didn't think we would actually get you but I thought it was worth a try. You're on speaker phone and we have some info for you, my sweet gypsy." Jacque sounded so excited to talk to Sally that it nearly brought tears to Sally's eyes.
Decebel perked up and opened his eyes at the sound of the red head's voice.
"What do you have for me?" Sally asked eagerly.
"We know what will break the curse. You ready for this, chica?"
"Let me have it." Sally prepared for the worst, fearing that it would be some horrific sacrifice that would have to take place in order to fix Decebel. The answer was much simpler than she ever imagined and yet more powerful than any type of physical sacrifice one could give: the sacrifice of one's heart to love - the ultimate personal sacrifice.

Vasile and Alina sat in the makeshift headquarters they'd created in the village tavern. As always, the room was lit with oil lamps and a fire burned in the large stone fireplace. The room was surprisingly clean, the floors free of dirt and dust. Alina noticed, not for the first time, that no pictures hung on the walls, no decorations adorned the small end tables or book-filled shelves, but it was still surprisingly warm and inviting. What wasn't inviting was the air. It was thick with worry and the impatience to move forward, to do something.
Across from the Alphas sat Fane and Jacque. Sorin was propped against the far-right wall, Crina was folded onto the floor in front of the fireplace. The fire crackled and the wind made the fragile glass windows shudder. The silence was deafening as the Alphas waited.
Jacque stared at the phone she had laid in the middle of their circle, as if she could see Sally if she stared long enough.
Finally, Jacque spoke. "Love." She shook her head. "Love is what breaks the curse."
The group heard Cynthia groan loudly from somewhere close to Sally. "Are you kidding me?"
"That's what I said," Jacque agreed.
Suddenly Vasile spoke up. "Sally before we get into this please give me an update. I assume since your phone is working that you found Peri?"
"Hi, Vasile, my old friend," they heard a musical voice chime through the speaker.
Vasile smiled. "Hello, Perizada. You are well?"
Peri chuckled. "As well as can be expected in such times."
"Fair enough. Sally, how is Decebel?"
"Not good. His wolf is struggling to be free." Sally began to explain everything from the time they'd left until the current moment.
"So, we're waiting on Gavril and Costin to return with Jen," she finished.
Jacque realized Sally must have put her phone on speaker as well when they heard Cynthia's voice loud and clear. "How is the curse going to be broken when Decebel doesn't know his mate and therefore doesn't feel love for her?"
There was quiet across the line.
"Sally, you said his wolf recognized her scent on Gavril?" Vasile broke the silence.
"Yes."
"That may be enough to help pull Decebel's emotions to the surface. His love for her isn't gone, it's just buried under that curse."
"What about blood?" Jacque asked. "What if they exchanged their blood? Would that maybe bring the bond back together, and in turn trigger Decebel's feelings toward Jen?"
"It's a possibility, and it probably wouldn't be difficult since his wolf still claims Jen," Vasile agreed.
"We also found out the witch's name. It's -"
"DO NOT SPEAK HER NAME!" Perizada's voice broke through the phone and filled the room as if she stood before them.
"You mustn't speak her name where it can be heard out here," she spoke calmly. "Vasile, surely you have explained the power in a name. We mustn't put her name on the wind and draw her attention."
"What do you mean put her name on the wind?" Crina asked, speaking up for the first time.
"A witch practices dark magic and calls on the elements to do so - earth, water, wind, and fire. She can use the wind to send out her will and call on others. If her name is spoken in the open, you can bet she will hear it."
"My bad," Jacque muttered, then added, "So, wait. Peri, you know who she is?"
"Of course, I know who she is. I have been seeking her out for centuries. Her power grows and her evil knows no bounds. She must be destroyed, but there is only one way that can happen."
"How?" Jacque asked.
"The time for that revelation has not come."
While they waited for Gavril and Costin to return, Jacque told the others about the tables Wadim had shown her and the story behind them. Crina brought up the fire and how the witch - name not spoken - had somehow gotten to Wadim. They continued to talk long into the night, finding comfort in finally being reunited with their pack.


###chapter 14
After several hours and still no Costin and Gavril, Vasile ordered everyone to get some sleep and for Sally to call them as soon as the others returned. Jacque wiped tears away as she said goodbye to her friend, then let Fane pull her into the shelter of his arms.
"They are safe, Luna," he whispered.
"They won't be safe until they're back here with their pack." Jacque followed Fane to their bedroom, and with no more words crawled into bed, curling up in his arms. Sleep was a long time in coming as they both waited for the phone to ring.

**Eleven Days Since Departure**

Sometime in the early morning of the next day, Decebel let out a low growl from his place against the tree. Cynthia jumped up and Peri stood looking into the early morning haze. Sally sat up from her makeshift bed, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
Suddenly Gavril and Costin emerged from the forest, a battered and weary Jen in Costin's arms. Decebel jumped to his feet, lunging toward Costin. His eyes were glowing and the growl coming from him was all wolf. Costin looked at his Beta and realized the wolf had finally won.
"Sally, back away," Costin told her. Sally had begun to move toward Decebel as he surged forward, stumbling from his weakness.
"His wolf is in control. Decebel has left for the holidays," Costin told her firmly. "Cynthia, pull Sally back."
Cynthia obeyed without question, keeping a cautious eye on Decebel.
Decebel growled at Costin, his lip lifted and his sharp, long canines showing as he spoke. "Mine."
Costin nodded. "Yes, she is yours, but she is hurt. You have to be gentle with her."
Decebel tried to take Jen from Costin but he would not relent. Costin lowered his eyes in submission but spoke firmly. "Let me lay her down, Beta. You would not forgive yourself if you dropped her."
Costin moved slowly to the pallet where Sally had been laying and gently laid Jen's limp body down and covered her with a heavy blanket.
Decebel pushed Costin back firmly. "Don't touch."
Costin bared his neck to his Beta. "I mean her no harm and I do not want her for my own. She is very sick."
Decebel crouched down next to Jen, and in a tender way Sally had never seen in any man, he brushed her hair away from her face. He leaned down and pressed his nose against her neck, breathing deeply over and over. He ran his hands tenderly through her hair and then over her arms. He pulled the blanket back and ran his hands down her legs. Sally was confused - the action wasn't sexual but it was very possessive.
"What is he doing?" Sally asked Costin.
"Putting his scent on her. She has my scent and Gavril's scent. Two males on her, it's probably driving him mad."

Decebel struggled for control and he was losing. His wolf knew her. As soon as Costin had come into view, Decebel hadn't had a chance against his wolf. It took everything in him to keep from killing Costin when he saw his mate in his arms. Now, as he looked down upon her unmoving body, so weak and vulnerable, he knew his wolf wouldn't let her out of their sight.
Decebel turned to Peri with his glowing eyes and menacing stare. "Fix her." His voice was deep and guttural, not human at all.
"We must get her and you to a safe place. We need to cross the Veil." Peri turned to Gavril. "I will contact you when it is time for you and Rachel to come. Until then, stay out of sight. She must not be captured, no matter what."
Gavril nodded, then looked over at Decebel, who was kneeling next to his mate. "Forgive us, Beta. We meant no harm toward her."
Decebel growled.
"You know you can't reason with his wolf, just make it right. That's all the apology he will need."
Gavril nodded once then turned and took off in the direction he and Costin had emerged from.
"Costin, you will need to carry Jen," Peri told him.
Costin saw the feral look in Decebel's eyes. "Sorry, fairy lady, not going to happen. He will rip anyone's head off if they touch her."
Cynthia took a step toward Decebel. She got on all fours and crawled with her head bowed. She stopped about five feet from him and made sure her head was lower than his.
"Beta, we must move her and you are too weak. Please let me carry her."
"Mine," Decebel snarled.
"Yes, she is yours. None of us mean her harm. You know us, wolf, you can smell that we are pack. Trust us to care for what's yours."
Decebel looked at Jennifer, who was struggling to breathe, then back at Cynthia. "Only you and the healer may be near her."
Cynthia let out the breath she had been holding and waited for Decebel to stand. He stepped aside so she could get to Jen. As gently as she could, she lifted her, inwardly wincing at how light she was. Jen had lost a significant amount of weight and felt so frail.
When Cynthia turned to face the others, she tensed as Decebel took a step toward her. But he simply laid a soft hand on Jen's leg, so gentle with his broken mate. Cynthia realized then that he didn't plan to leave her side and that he might not even take a hand off of her for a second.
"Let's go," Peri said as she once again lifted her arms, causing the air to shimmer. "Stay close."
As they passed through the Veil, Sally felt a warm tingling sensation. When it disappeared, she looked around and realized that they were right where they had been.
"Did we go anywhere?"
Peri nodded. "No matter where you enter Farie, it will mimic the same climate and image to humans."
"Wicked," Sally murmured.
"We aren't going far. Just keep up," Peri snapped as she took off at a brisk walk.

They had walked for about fifteen minutes when they came to a two-story stone house. Moss had grown over the house on one side, and tree branches arched over it like a protective barrier. Several chimneys towered from the pitched roof and smoke danced from each one, floating off into the sky. The front door was arched and very tall - there were round windows on either side of the door.
The closer they got to the house, the more Sally felt like she was entering an enchanted land. When they got to the door and Peri opened it, Decebel let out a low growl.
"Costin, enter and make sure this is safe for the females."
Costin nodded and stepped past the surprised Fae.
Peri rolled her eyes. "I've forgotten how annoying the males of your species can be," she told Sally and Cynthia.
Cynthia chuckled. "Annoying is being nice. If Jen were awake, she would give you a very colorful description of what she thinks about the males."
"I think I'm going to like this Jen." Peri smiled and her face seemed to light up when she did.   
"Coast is clear." Costin stuck his head out the door. He reached out for Sally's hand and didn't wait for her to accept his, he just grabbed her and pulled her into the house.
As soon as they stepped inside, they were in a giant living room. A huge stone fireplace was on the far-left wall and a warm fire crackled and popped. The pitched ceiling was open all the way to the second floor and there was a railing which allowed one to look down upon the living room.
There was a kitchen at the back of the room with all the necessary appliances, and it seemed so strange to Sally to be standing in a house in a different realm, looking at a seemingly normal kitchen. There was a large couch and several overstuffed chairs close to the fire in a circle and on the far-left wall were tall shelves full of various sizes of books. On the back wall, across from the kitchen, was a door that opened into another room.
"Cynthia, take Jen into that room there," Peri instructed as she pointed to the door.
Cynthia took her precious burden, with Decebel still holding onto Jen's leg, and laid her on the bed in the room. It was a surprisingly large room with a sleigh bed. When Cynthia laid Jen down, she noticed how soft the comforter was - and plush - as it seemed to wrap around Jen as tenderly as a lover. There were several chairs in the room, a large armoire, and another fireplace. The room was warm and, despite its size, very cozy.
Cynthia watched as Decebel stood next to the bed, looking at his mate, his hand still on her leg. She grabbed a chair and pushed it toward him. "Beta, you need to rest." She motioned to the chair.
Decebel's wolf still looked out through his eyes. He nodded once to her and sat, never losing focus on Jen.
Cynthia left him there without disturbing him more. She saw that the others were sitting in the chairs and couch around the fire. Sally had placed the phone on the round coffee table in the center of their circle. She realized Sally must have called the others as she listened to Sally explain about Jen and Decebel. Her face was grave when she described how battered her friend looked; tears were sliding down her cheeks. Costin placed a comforting hand on Sally's lower back and Cynthia noticed his eyes were glowing. Obviously, he did not like seeing Sally so upset.
"I've never seen anyone look so close to death, Jacque." Sally hiccupped through her tears. Costin finally had all he could take, and he pulled Sally into his lap. He whispered words of comfort and caressed her hair gently.
"It will be okay, Sally mine," he told her gently.
Sally looked into his hazel eyes and though she knew she was probably going to regret it, gave in and leaned her head against his chest. Costin let out a contented sigh and pulled her tighter.
"Decebel is with her?" Vasile's voice came through the phone.
"Yes," Peri answered. "His wolf recognized his mate. He won't let anyone near her."
"That's good," Vasile said, then amended, "Good that his wolf recognized her."
"So, there's been no change even though they've been brought together? Can a wolf love - I mean, would his love be able to break the curse?" Jacque questioned.
"Love is what will break the curse?" Costin asked, having missed that conversation. Sally nodded against his chest "How can something so simple break something so powerful?" Costin shook his head.
"Simple?" Sally gasped as she sat up abruptly and turned to look at Costin. " You think love is simple?"
Costin's eyes widened at the fierceness in her eyes and the firmness of her voice - a deer caught in the headlights.
"Here we go," they heard Jacque mutter under her breath.
"How can it surprise any of you that love could break the curse?" Sally addressed the group, her eyes moving from person to person. Then she stared at the phone as if she could see through it. "You, whose very genetic makeup forces you to love so deeply that you can't even survive without your mate? It's no coincidence that the saying is 'love conquers all'. It's a tale as old as time."
Jacque snorted. "You've been waiting to use that line."
Sally chuckled briefly. "I finally got my day." Then she sobered and her eyes returned to Costin. "There is nothing simple about something that can fill you with the greatest joy you've ever known. It can make men build cities, crush enemies, seek out ways to move mountains, and bring even the greatest to his knees. There is nothing simple about something that can rip the very seams of your soul in half, shred every amount of dignity you've ever had, and strip every inhibition from who you are."
Costin leaned forward and reached out toward the girl who had become a woman before his eyes.
"Sally," he whispered.
She turned away from him in a rare show of severity, ignoring his hand, looking back at the phone. "Fane, do you think that curse would have worked on you? Do you think you could have forgotten your mate?"
Fane shook his head. "No. Not with the Blood Rites being fulfilled and the bond between us being complete, but I suspect the curse wouldn't work without the love between the two. You're right, Sally. There is nothing more powerful than love. Jacquelyn's and my soul have been made one through our bond. No darkness can conquer the light love sheds."
"Okay, I'm with you." Jacque agreed. "But how do we get a man who doesn't remember his mate to remember he loves her?"
"He's going to have to bond with her," Peri spoke up.
 All heads turned to look at her.
"It's the only thing that will restore the severed bond and, ostensibly, draw Decebel's memories forward."
Cynthia leaned forward in her chair, leaning her elbows on her knees. "Vasile, it won't be hard to convince Decebel's wolf to do the Blood Rites, but Decebel is another story. He wants to remember Jen, he wants to love her. Wanting and doing are two different things."
"Sally. " It was Alina's voice they heard this time.
"Yes?" Sally answered.
"You need to talk to Decebel. You might be able to reach him."
"I'll try."
Suddenly they heard a deadly snarl and the sound of something hitting the floor hard.
Sally started in the direction of the room but Costin caught her around the waist.
"You aren't going in there with an enraged wolf."
"Costin, let go. That is my best friend in there. Decebel won't hurt me."
"Sally, what's happened?" Vasile's voice thundered through the speaker.
Cynthia picked up the phone and started talking as she headed in the direction of the room, following the struggling Sally and pissed-off looking Costin.
They entered the room and Cynthia nearly dropped the phone. "Alpha, we're going to have to call you back." Before he could answer she ended the call and stared, horrified by a blood-covered Decebel and a lifeless Jen.


###chapter 15
Sally rushed forward, shoving Decebel out of the way. She put her hands on Jen's chest and closed her eyes. She pushed with all her might, magically looking into her friend's fragile body. Sally gasped. Jen's lungs were full of fluid. She was drowning in her own blood. Sally didn't know how she did it, didn't understand it, but she thanked every being she could think of for the power she had flowing through her. The blood in Jen's lungs was being absorbed into her body, emptying gradually until none remained. Sally pulled her hands back and opened her eyes. Still Jen did not breath.
Sally laid her ear on her chest - no heartbeat. She turned to Costin. "Put her on the floor, now. I need to do CPR and I can't do it on a soft surface."
Costin obeyed, ignoring the snarls from Decebel, who was being restrained by Cynthia.
Sally tilted Jen's head back like she had learned in their health class and pinched her nose. She pulled her chin down opening her mouth and then placed her mouth over hers. She gave two short breaths, watching as Jen's chest rose. Then she placed her hands just below her diaphragm and began compressions. Sally could barely see through the blur that her tears caused. She continued alternating breaths with chest compressions, getting more desperate as time went on. Jen remained unresponsive.
Decebel finally broke free of Cynthia and landed with a hard crash on his knees next to Jen. He leaned down, and when Sally finished the fourth round of compressions it was him who placed his mouth over hers and breathed life-giving air into her. Sally saw that his eyes were no longer glowing and realized that Decebel, the man, had overcome his wolf. She continued the chest compressions and listened as Decebel whispered in Jen's ear.
"You will not die, Jennifer. I won't allow it." He kissed her cheeks, her eyes, her nose and then her lips, so gently. "I want the chance to love you. Baby, don't rob me of that by giving up."
Decebel used the endearment that he'd used in the text messages he shared with Jennifer before the curse. After feeling how strongly his wolf felt about this woman, there was no doubt in his mind that she was his mate. He refused to lose her.
But she still did not breathe. Decebel breathed for her again and the tears from his eyes dropped onto her face. Blood covered her lips.
Decebel looked over to the Fae, who stood calmly though concern filled her eyes.
"What do I do? I won't lose her."
"Give her your blood. If you are her mate, your blood will give her body strength."
Without hesitation Decebel's canines lengthened and his eyes glowed. He tore into his wrist, biting down hard until the blood flowed freely. After placing a hand under her neck and lifting gently, he pressed his wrist to her mouth. Sally began to rub her throat to get it to go down.
When Decebel pulled his wrist away, the room was completely silent as all held their breath, waiting.
Sally felt like her heart was going to beat out of her chest as she stared at her best friend. Breathe.
Decebel pressed his forehead to Jennifer's and squeezed his eyes shut. The tears wouldn't stop and his heart felt like it was being torn in half.
"Come back to me, Jennifer. I can't lose you - I refuse to lose you, dammit. You will live!" The last was a snarl.
Suddenly, she gasped and air filled her empty lungs. Her eyes fluttered open. Decebel watched in amazement.
"Jennifer?" Decebel brushed her hair away from her face and kissed her forehead.
"You don't remember me and yet you're still so damn bossy." Jen's words were a hoarse whisper, but they all heard her.
Decebel watched as she closed her eyes but continued to breathe.
Sally was shaking with relief and the adrenaline began to overtake her. Costin leaned down next to her and pulled her into his arms. She buried her face in his chest and cried.
Cynthia asked Peri for clean sheets for the bed and towels to clean Jen up. As she and Decebel laid Jen on the bed, she looked up at him.
"Let Sally and I clean her up. We will take good care of her."
Decebel shook his head with a low growl. "I will care for her."
"Decebel, you aren't mated to her yet."
"She is my mate. I will care for her. Do not argue with me, female, I am your Beta and you will obey me."
Cynthia was a little shocked at his declaration since she was talking to Decebel and not his wolf.
"Cynthia, it's okay," Sally said as she began to wipe her tears away. "Jen isn't modest. It wouldn't bother her for Decebel to see her." She looked up at Decebel. "Do you want me to stay with you?"
Decebel shook his head. "No, I want to be with my mate alone. She needs me. I may not remember her but I feel something, like my soul is being knitted back together. I think giving her my blood helped."
"Decebel, Vasile thinks you need to perform the Blood Rites in order to save Jen." Sally waited for his response and was surprised when he finally answered.
"I will do anything for her, but she has to bite me for the Blood Rites to take place. Drinking my blood is not enough."
"Maybe if you continue to give her your blood, she will get strong enough to stay conscious," Sally said in a hopeful tone.
Costin brushed Sally's hair from her face and smiled at her when she leaned into his touch. "You are amazing," he whispered to her.
She looked at him, confused. "Why do you say that?"
"Because you refuse to think the worst, and only think of possibilities that result in a positive outcome."
Sally blushed. "Jen's a fighter. She would be pissed if she thought I didn't think she could make it."

Decebel stood over Jennifer. She lay still but for the movements of her breathing. Sally had brought him several towels and a large blanket to put over her. She'd also brought him a large bowl with warm water in it, and washcloths to clean his mate. He leaned down to kiss Jen.
"I will be as gentle as I can, love," he whispered as he dipped the washcloth in the warm water. After squeezing out the excess, he began to softly wipe her face, removing any trace of blood. Then he washed her arms and hands and dried them. The entire time, Decebel talked to her. He told her about the life he remembered and how he didn't remember the good things. All the while he protected her modesty by keeping the blanket over as much of her as he could.
When he finally removed her shirt, the breath felt like it had been punched from his lungs and he fell to his knees at the sight.
The door flew open at the sound of Decebel's knees hitting the floor. His head snapped up immediately and he simultaneously covered Jen with the blanket. His eyes were glowing as he snarled at the intruder.
"GET OUT!"
Sally paled and after seeing that Jen was still breathing, slammed the door shut.
Decebel gently pulled the sheet back again and couldn't stop his hand from lifting and his fingers from tracing the markings that ran along her right side from under her arm to down below the waistline of the sweat pants she wore. Markings that were identical to his. At that thought his head jerked up and he quickly re-covered Jennifer. He stood and walked over to the bathroom attached to the room. He pulled his shirt over his head and looked in the mirror.
Decebel's eyes watched in wonder as his markings changed before his very eyes. The marks that covered the right side of his back and shoulder now began to move like a vine up the right side of his neck and down his right arm to the wrist. Several moments after the vine-like movement had stopped, Decebel continued to stare. He might not remember Jen, but his body did - his soul knew she was his.
He pulled his shirt back over his head and finished cleaning up his mate and getting her more comfortable.
As he covered her with a blanket after having dressed her in the clean clothes that Peri had brought him, he watched her chest rise and fall, taking solace in that sight. He moved to the other side of the bed and lay down, careful not to jar her. He propped himself up on his elbow, head supported by his hand, and stared at her beautiful face. She was still so very pale, but to his relief she did look better than when Costin had brought her through the forest.
There was a soft knock at the door. Without turning to see who it was, he said, "Come in."
Sally peeked her head in. "Are you both alright?"
"She is breathing, clean, and with me. For now, that will have to be enough."
Sally stepped far enough into the room that she could close the door behind her.
"Decebel," she started, then paused, trying to gather her thoughts. Still he did not turn his face from Jennifer. "Do you remember her at all?"
"My wolf recognizes her, knows her scent. But if you're asking if I have memories of her and I together, the answer is still no."
"Are you willing to do the Blood Rites with her?"
That question got him to turn and look at Sally.
He sat up on the edge of the bed, but left his left hand resting gently on Jennifer's leg.
"Have a seat, healer. We need to talk." Decebel motioned to the chair across from him.
When Sally was seated, her hands folded in her lap, Decebel met her honey brown eyes with his amber ones. He took a deep breath and let it out before he spoke.
"I will not do the Blood Rites without her fully conscious and making the choice herself."
"Not even to save her life?" Sally asked calmly, without any accusation in her voice.
"The Blood Rites are sacred, and intense. I cannot take that choice from her. Besides, she might not want to complete the bond while I do not remember her. Who wants to be mated to someone who doesn't know you?"
"But you will remember her once the bond is done," Sally implored.
"Says who? The Fae? She is not pack - she does not know of our ways, our magic." Decebel growled.
"At least think about it. Don't make any rash decisions while your emotions are so chaotic." Sally stood and stepped out of the room.

 Decebel once again turned and laid down next to Jennifer.  He shut his eyes and took a deep breath to get his emotions under control. As he lay there, Jason Gray's Remind Me Who I Am kept creeping into his mind and he couldn't get over how well it fit his situation. He laid his hand gently on her stomach and inched a little closer. In a voice that was surprisingly beautiful and haunting, Decebel began to sing to his mate:
"When I lose my way and I forget my name, remind me who I am."

Decebel's heart ached as he sung words that were truer than he cared to admit. He needed Jennifer. He needed her to remind him, to help him see what was hidden deep inside him. He needed her to love him, love him until he returned to her. He wouldn't leave her side until she did, until he looked into her eyes and saw all of her, knew all of her.

###chapter 16
"I think we should go," Jacque declared for the hundredth time.
"Jacque, we have noted what you think, you need not keep telling us." Vasile's words were slightly sarcastic, but softened by the twinkle in his eyes.
"Noted isn't good enough, Alpha. Why are we just sitting here when we could be trekking through the forest to be with the others? Power in numbers, remember?" Jacque paced the meeting room while the others continued to look through the books they had brought with them from the archives.
"I will contact Peri and confer with her about it. How's that?"
Jacque glared at Vasile. "Better"

After Vasile got off the phone with Peri, he assembled the others in the meeting room. Everyone took the spots they had unofficially deemed as their own around the constantly burning fire.
"Peri said that Jen is still too weak to travel, and Decebel as well. She agrees with you, Jacque, that we should all be together,"
"Woot! I told ya, didn't I tell ya?" Jacque grinned wickedly.
Fane nudged her, attempting to hint that she needed to zip it. Jacque reluctantly quieted.
"As I was saying, she thinks we should be together. However, it is not safe for us to travel in the forest without protection. She is going to send one of her own to come so they can veil our presence. The witch is constantly seeking for us, for any way to strike out against us. So, we will wait until herperson arrives."
"How long will that take?"
"Why are humans so impatient?" They all turned toward the door to see a short female with long pink hair that was braided down her back. She had an unusual face with almond shaped eyes that were an unusual silver color, a small, but cute button nose, and a pouty mouth that looked like it remained in a permanent smile. She wore brown leather pants and a green, snug, thermal looking shirt. Over the shirt she wore a vest-like top that held variously sized knives and from what they could see poking over the back, two swords. Her boots laced wickedly around her calves to just below her knees. Jacque decided that regardless of her name, she was going to call her Surely, because she could surely kick anyone's ass.
"You are the one Peri sent?" Vasile asked.
"Yes, Alpha. My name is Elle, I'm here to take you to the Veil. We must move quickly, there is evil on the wind."
When everyone stood and began to head for the stairs to gather their things, Elle stopped them.
"All you need is a heavy coat. Everything else will be provided for you."
Crina and Jacque looked at each other, then both shrugged their shoulders.
"If you say so, Surely," Jacque mumbled.
Crina looked at her, eyes narrowed. "Should I ask why you called her Shirley?"
Jacque laughed and explained it to Crina.
Crina shook her head, chuckling. "You never cease to entertain me."

Once they were on their way, moving quickly through the snow-laden forest, Fane followed Jacque up to the front of the group. Elle was leading.
"So, you're a fairy?" Jacque asked curiously.
Elle smiled at her and Jacque couldn't stop the responsive smile. Elle was one of those contagiously happy people. Jacque liked her.
"I am a fairy," Elle confirmed.
"You can do all sorts of cool stuff, can't you?"
"Luna, what are you doing?" Fane's voice filled Jacque's mind.
"Chillax, wolf-man, I just want to ask a few questions. I mean, heeeello, it's not every day that I get to meet a fairy."
Fane smiled at his mate's curiosity, but also worried that she might offend Elle. A ticked-off fairy is not one you wanted to deal with.
"I suppose I can do stuff that's cooler than what humans can," Elle said thoughtfully. "But I can't do any magic out here right now, it would be too easy for the witch to find us, even through the veiling spell."
Jacque nodded her understanding.
The group was quiet as they walked. An eerie silence filled the forest - no animals scurrying about, no birds flew overhead. It was as if the entire forest held its breath, trying to hide in plain sight, waiting.
The quiet did not go unnoticed by Elle as she led the Alpha and his wolves through the trees. Peri had made it very clear that they were to move quickly, take very few breaks, and make any stops short. Elle could feel the black magic slithering across the shield that she had cast over them and shuddered at the knowledge of who wielded that magic. She glanced back, quickly meeting Vasile's eyes, giving a brief nod that he understood: pick up the pace. And when Elle began moving more quickly, everyone else followed suit.

Mona stood out on the ledge of the mountain her home was situated on. She knew someone, or many someone's, were moving through the forest. However, she couldn't get a lock on them. Using her will to move through the air, she continued to search for whoever they were. Still nothing. In frustration, she opened her eyes and glared at the vast forest before her. She decided it was time to scry. It wasn't something she usually liked because it could be somewhat tricky to decipher what the meaning of what she would see could be. It didn't always mean something obvious. But, desperate times.
Mona entered her home and turned left, entering a room full of cages, all holding different animals. She opened one of the bottom cages and reached in, grabbing a rabbit by the scruff. Without a thought she twisted the rabbit's neck with a sickening crunch. She took the now-dead animal to her table and slit its throat, allowing its blood to flow into a shallow, large basin. Once the blood was drained, she tossed the small body into a basket underneath the table.  
She picked up her scrying stones and held them in her hands to warm them. Then she chanted:
"Stones of mystery, stones of fate,
Peer through the Veil to this date.
I take a life to give you blood,
Pour out the truth like a flood."
Over and over she chanted this as she threw the stones into the blood-filled basin. As the last hit the still-warm fluid, she opened her eyes to see the outcome. Her eyes narrowed and a sinister smile crossed her lips.
"Now, isn't that interesting?" An evil laugh shook free from her chest. "I do love it when things get interesting," she muttered to herself.

###chapter 17
**Twelve Days Post-Curse**

Jacque stumbled as she and the others climbed a considerably steep hill. Fane wrapped an arm around her waist, catching her before she face-planted into the snow.
"Thank goodness for wolf reflexes," she murmured.
Fane winked at her and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. "I'll always catch you, Jacquelyn."
He released her and they continued up the hill, following Elle, with Alina, Sorin, and Vasile pulling up the rear.
"At the risk of sounding very much like a five-year-old, are we there yet?" Jacque grumbled.
Elle looked back at her, then the others, and realized that they were seriously dragging. Jacque more than the others because she wasn't fully Canis lupus. Elle had been pushing them hard, and in twenty-four hours she'd only let them stop twice and they were brief pauses. She looked ahead and narrowed her eyes. Fae eye sight was beyond anything humans could understand.
"It will be another day and half a night before we are there, and that's if we don't stop."
"We have to stop to sleep at least for a couple of hours," Vasile spoke up from behind them.
"No offense, Alpha, but lingering is not wise." Elle looked into the small pouch that was attached to her hip. She only ever used it as a last resort, but it was necessary at this point. She pulled out small wafers and handed them to Jacque.
"Pass three to each person. Let them dissolve in your mouth," Elle explained.
Jacque turned to do as she was instructed, then quickly turned back to Elle. "What exactly is this?"
"Its energy," Elle said simply.
"Well, that clears it right up," Jacque chirped. "You're just as vague as the fur balls."
Elle cocked her head to the side. "Fur balls?"
Jacque snorted a chuckle. "Sorry, bad habit. I meant werewolves."
Elle looked behind Jacque to Fane. "You are the prince of your people and she calls you a fur ball."
"Believe it or not, she's called me worse," Fane told her shaking his head.
Elle shook her own head in disbelief, muttering, "Humans are so weird." She started walking again and said over her shoulder, "You should begin to feel the effects of those in a few moments."
The group continued on and true to Elle's word they began to feel the effects of the Fae food.  As Jacque's energy from the strange wafers peaked, she turned to look at Fane with a wicked grin.
"What's going on in that head of yours, Luna?"
"I was just thinking about what Jen would suggest those wafers be used for." Jacque laughed out loud when Fane raised his eyebrows at her.
"Who says Jen's the only one who would think of such a thing?" His voice was filled with unrepentant desire, even amidst all the turmoil they were enduring.
Jacque's response was a snicker and an eye roll at her mate who, werewolf or not, was still very male.

Fourteen Days Post-Curse

Decebel didn't understand why he was nervous about giving Jennifer more of his blood. Admittedly, it was a very intimate experience, but under the circumstances he felt like all he should feel was the desire to make sure she healed. In truth, even with her only conscious in brief stints, he was falling for her, and he desperately wanted her to still have the feelings Sally said she'd had for him.
He placed a hand under her neck and lifted gently to prop her up. Then he bit into his other arm deep enough to make sure the blood flowed freely. He placed the wound over her lips, pushing gently at her bottom lip to open her mouth. He held his breath as he waited to see if she would respond on her own. After several seconds, much to his relief, Jennifer's lips latched onto his arm and she began taking what he offered. Decebel closed his eyes, thanking the great Luna that Jennifer was finally strong enough to drink without coaxing. He tried not to think about how much it pleased him that she seemed to crave his blood, that she recognized him as hers. For a mate, that was a very potent thing.
When he began to pull his arm away, he smiled at the disappointed noise that came from her.
"You would suck me dry if I let you."
As Decebel wrapped the towel he had laid on his lap around his bleeding arm, his head snapped up at the sound of a raspy voice.
"I'm not a damn vampire flea bag."
Decebel couldn't stop the wide grin that stretched across his face as he looked down into Jen's blue eyes. Although they had a haze over them, they still held mysteries that he longed to uncover.
He gently brushed her hair away from her face and ran the back of his hand against her cheek.
"You may not be a blood sucker, but admit it, baby, you like my blood," Decebel teased her. The words seemed natural, almost second nature.
Jen rolled her eyes. "I truly want to be grossed out by it, but you taste good. I can't decide if that makes me a sicko or you a freak."
"If you're a sicko than I am as well because I can't wait to taste your blood," Decebel confessed without shame.
Jen's brow furrowed as she stared into Decebel's eyes. His words confused her.
"Do you," she took a ragged breath that had her cringing at the pain, "do you remember me?"
Decebel was shaking his head as he answered gently, "No, baby, I don't. I wish more than anything that I did."
"Then how can you say that to me? How can you want to taste my blood?"
Decebel tried really hard not to touch her but it was impossible. He could no more keep his hands from her than he could stop the tide from rolling in. He took her hand and rubbed his thumb gently across it.
"My wolf knows its mate. He remembers you. Even if I didn't want to stay here with you, even if I didn't want to remember you, remember the love I had for you, he wouldn't let me walk out of this room. If I leave your side even for second, he gets feral."
"Why?" Jen asked, genuinely not understanding.
"There is nothing more dangerous than a dominant male Canis lupus when his mate is injured and helpless. But I need you to understand, my wolf is not the only one who wants you, Jennifer. I want you. I need you to help me remember."
Jen was hurting and her body was desperately fighting to sink back into oblivion, but with the help of Decebel's blood, she was able to hold off the compulsion. She watched in utter disbelief as a tear escaped Decebel's eye. His jaw clenched and though he looked vulnerable, nothing about him looked weak or any less threatening.
He continued to stroke her hand as he talked. "I need you to remind me who I am." Decebel met her eyes, knowing the next words out of his mouth were going to be difficult ones.
"They...they know what will break the curse."
Jen's eyes widened. "Then why are we sitting here discussing me somehow trying to fill in your memories?"
"Because love is what breaks the curse." Decebel watched as Jennifer's breath became shallow. He didn't want to hurt her, it was the last thing on earth he wanted. His wolf was angry that he was causing her pain and pushing at him to give him control. "I want to love you, Jennifer. I want to love you more than anything. But wanting it and doing it are not the same when it comes to the curse. I look at you and I feel something. You draw me in and I long to be near you - not just my wolf, me, the man longs to be close to you."
Jen was shaking while she listened to the man she loved more than anything tell her he didn't love her. Oh, he wants to love her, well loddie-freaking-dah. She wants to get up off the damn bed and hit him with a 2x4, but, as she always says, wish in one hand and crap in the other and see which one fills up first.
She didn't realize she had tuned him out until she heard "Blood Rites" and "break the curse" in the same sentence.
"Wait, excuse me, say that again?"
Decebel took a deep breath. It was obvious he was getting frustrated. "I said, Vasile thinks that if we perform the Blood Rites it will pull the veiled emotions to the forefront. And it's the only thing that will save your life. Your wolf needs her mate. She's no longer dormant, and when the bond was severed between us, the darkness in me reached across to you. You won't live just on my blood, Jennifer."
The pain that was tightening Jen's chest began to turn to anger and disbelief at Vasile's suggestion.
"He wants us to bond because he thinks it will break the curse? Really? Are you freaking kidding me?" She didn't even bother with the whole saving her life bit, she wasn't going to touch that with a fifty-foot pole.
Decebel was taken aback by the venom in her voice.
"You're my mate. Why wouldn't we bond?"
Jen looked at him in disbelief. Decebel turned his head as he ran his hand through his hair. It was then that Jen saw the markings on Decebel's neck. Markings that hadn't been there before. She reached up slowly, grinding her teeth against the pain, and gripped his chin, turning his head even more so she could get a good look.
"Your markings changed?"
Decebel smiled the heart-stopping grin that always made her want to crawl up in his lap and purr. By the slight smirk on his beautiful face, it was obvious he knew the effect it was having on her whether he remembered her or not.
"Yes, they changed."
Jen nearly jumped, then groaned at the hurt it caused, as Decebel reached for the hem of her shirt and began to raise it. Her eyes widened as she saw the markings - identical to Decebel's - running along her right side, starting below the waist of her sweats and continuing up. Without conscious thought to what she might be showing Decebel, she continued to pull up her shirt to look at the markings as they traveled up to just beside her right breast. Jen didn't realize Decebel had been tracing the marks with his finger until he caught himself and cleared his throat. He took her shirt from her and pulled it back down.
She didn't know what to say. Part of her was happy beyond belief, part of her was ticked off that it happened while her mate didn't have a clue who the bloody hell she was, and still another part of her was pissed because of the location.
"Why did it have to be there?" she groaned.
Decebel narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Why does it bother you to be on your side?"
"Fane freaks out anytime someone sees Jacque's marks."
"As he should," Decebel growled.
"Oh, keep your panties on, Decebel. I'm ticked because I imagine, if you ever remember me, that you will be even worse than Fane about it. Which means I no longer get to wear bikinis. So, so not cool. Do you know how old a one piece is going to make me look?"
Decebel was shaking his head at her when he spoke. "You just found out that we have yet another confirmation that we are mates, and you're concerned about bathing suits?"
"You'll get used to it," Jen said absently. She closed her eyes briefly, trying to gather her strength.
"You need to rest," Decebel told her, his words a command.
Jen opened her eyes and cut them up at him without moving her head. "I will rest after I have said my peace."
"Are you always this unreasonable?"
"No," Jen smiled sweetly, "usually I'm worse." She held his stare - something only Vasile was allowed to do. "I won't bond with you." She ignored the growl coming from Decebel's chest. "I won't perform the Blood Rites with a man who doesn't even remember me. If I understand correctly from Jacque, the act of performing the Blood Rites is even more intimate than sex."
"You are my mate." Decebel was trying to keep his calm, he didn't want to scare her. "You bear my marks, we share a mental bond, my wolf knows you, and you love me."
His last words were a slap in Jen's face.
"I love my Decebel, MINE! You are not him. So, don't you dare try to use my love as leverage to get what you want."
"I want YOU!" Decebel stood up from the bed and was fighting the phase. His eyes were glowing bright amber. "You are mine, Jennifer, and if the Blood Rites are what will save your life, then that is what we will do."
"I'm not a bloody possession, wolf. And if I were, I sure as hell wouldn't belong to someone who doesn't know who I am." Jen hated that there were tears running down her cheeks, hated that someone had that much power over her.
"You act as if it's my fault that I don't remember you. I wouldn't have been cursed if you hadn't asked me to save your friends. I let you talk me into leaving you, my mate, to die. You must make me weak if I would leave you to that fate. I can't imagine choosing anyone over my mate, ever."
Jen's mouth had dropped open when Decebel had said she made him weak; he had spit it out like it was disgusting. Her hands were balled into fists and she thought she might break a tooth from clenching her jaw so tight. But he wasn't done. He obviously felt like he hadn't stomped on her heart enough.
Decebel knelt down on her side of the bed, getting within inches of her face. He was shaking with rage as he ground out his words.
"I won't give you up. I won't go back to a lonely, dark existence. I won't let your selfishness take your life from me, take my mate from me. I don't remember how we were before, maybe I gave into your every whim, maybe I cowered under your obviously Alpha nature, but no more. I am your mate, it is my job to protect you - even from yourself."
Jen could hardly breathe as she listened to Decebel, her mate, her love, dictate to her and call her selfish and completely disregard her feelings. She was about to tell him to get the hell out of her room, without hitting him. But he just couldn't leave it at that. He had to continue to be an asshole dominant who thought everyone should bow to him.
"I may never be the man I was before the curse, I may never be the man you loved, and I may never love you. But fate gave you to me and we will learn to make the best of it."
Nothing on earth, not her weakness or pain, not the blood she could feel beginning to flow from her nose and ears, not even her love for this wolf could have stopped her.
Jen pulled her hand back and slapped Decebel as hard as she could across his face, a face that she longed to look at for the rest of her life. She shook as tears poured from her eyes. She could hardly see as she reared back and slapped his stunned face again. He just knelt there, the shock of her actions still not penetrating his mind.
"GET OUT! GET THE HELL OUT NOW! I DON'T EVER WANT TO SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN!" Jen took a deep breath as she leaned forward and tried to push Decebel away. She screamed as she felt a sharp pain in her side, like a knife sliding into her. She was trying to talk around the gurgling in her throat - she realized blood was bubbling up from her stomach.
She was gasping for breath as she tried yelling again, but it only came out in a weak broken voice. "Don't come back." She looked him dead in the eyes when she spoke her last words before she passed out. "I don't want you."
Decebel reached for Jennifer as her body fell forward. Her blood once again soaked his shirt. As he held his mate in his arms, he realized he had gone too far. He had been the selfish one and now he'd possibly lost her for good.

###chapter 18
His heart began to squeeze in his chest and breathing became difficult - Decebel didn't even notice when the door flew open with a bang and the room began to fill with people.
"What the hell happened to her?"
Jacque and the others had just arrived in the house when they heard the screaming. At first Vasile told everyone to wait, that it wouldn't be wise to interrupt them, especially if Decebel wasn't in control of his wolf. But as soon as the yelling stopped, Jacque had had enough. With Fane on her heels, she burst in the room just in time to see her best friend slump forward, blood pouring from all sorts of areas where blood should definitely not be pouring from.
Alina, Sally, and Jacque all stepped forward to take Jen from Decebel and all jumped back at the same time when he snarled in warning.
Vasile's voice rose above the snarl. "Release her, Beta. NOW."
The power of the command had Decebel handing Jen's body over even as he tried to fight the compulsion.
"Peri," Vasile turned to look at the fairy, "bind him."
"You think that wise?" she asked him.
"He isn't safe. Bind him."
Peri nodded once. "So be it."
She walked around to the other side of the bed where Decebel still knelt on the floor. His shoulders slumped in defeat and he didn't fight her when she placed her hand on his chest and murmured unintelligible words.
"It is done," she announced, then walked out of the room to leave the wolves to care for their own.

After they had gotten Jen back on the bed, all the ladies went to work. Sally placed her hands on her friend again and cleared her lungs. Meanwhile, she looked for any other damage, making sure to not leave any part of her unexamined.
When she took her hands away, she began to slump back, but strong arms were there to catch her.
"I got you, Sally mine," she heard Costin whisper in her ear as he placed her in a chair. Sally looked up to watch Alina, Crina, Jacque, and Cynthia clean blood from Jen and change her clothes. She was breathing, her heart was beating - But for how long? Sally wondered solemnly.

Several hours later, as darkness descended, Jacque and Sally sat next to an unconscious Jen. Every once in a while, Jacque would run a warm washcloth across Jen's forehead, needing to do something.
"What do you think happened between them?" Sally whispered, not knowing why she felt the need to be quiet.
"I have no idea. But Decebel's a dominant Alpha wolf, which means he's prone to saying stupid things."
Sally chuckled weakly at Jacque's words. Knowing she really wasn't joking made it even funnier.
"She won't last without his blood."
"I know," Jacque answered, then continued tightly, "She won't live without the bond."
"Their bond is..." Sally paused, trying to find the word, "powerful."
"Knowing Jen, she probably told him she wouldn't bond with him if he didn't remember her." Jacque looked back at Sally. "If she told him that, that explains him going ape shit, and of course our meek little Jen sat here quietly and said 'yes, dear'Not," Jacque finished sharply.

Nineteen Days Post-Curse

Days went by and still Jen remained unconscious. Decebel remained bound by Fae magic and Jacque and Sally rarely left Jen's side.
Five days after Jen and Decebel's blowout, Jen awoke. The first thing she saw was Jacque's emerald eyes, quickly followed by Sally's honey brown ones.
"Hey there," Jacque whispered.
Jen rolled her eyes, and unfortunately even that hurt. "Don't talk to me like I'm a toddler, Red. And, Sally, get that damn goofy grin off your face."
She heard Sally chuckle from somewhere behind the curly red head blocking her sight.
"I would ask how you're feeling, but it must be better than before if you have the energy to boss us around." Jacque smiled and winked.
"It's the one thing in life that brings me pleasure, but don't read too much into it." Jen gently turned her head to look around the room, trying to be inconspicuous - yeah, that didn't work.
"He's not here."	
Jen felt her heart drop at Jacque's words. Jacque must have noticed the distress on Jen's face because she quickly added, "I mean, he's here, just not in this room."
"Why do I give a damn where the bloody hell he is after the mean-ass things he said to me?"
"Hey, Jen, how's that stop-cussing commitment going for you?" Sally asked sarcastically.
"I'm dying, Sally. I don't really give a damn about what bad words might come from my mouth. In fact, I know what I want you two brats to put on my tombstone. 'Jennifer Adams, 1993 to 20 -" She paused. "Is it 2011 yet?"
Jacque nodded. "Yeah, New Year's has come and gone. Turns out it doesn't stop for werewolf curses and dying mates."
"Huh," Jen muttered. "Go figure. Anyway, 1993 to 2011. 'Here's to all you werewolves. Come on, raise your glasses. All you flea-infested fur balls, you can kiss my ass.' Then put dot, dot, dot, followed by, 'Put that in your pipe and smoke it'."
Jacque and Sally were trying not to laugh considering their friend was in fact dying, but, seriously, only Jen would request something like that on her tombstone - and mean it.
"Jen, I refuse to put that on your tombstone." Jacque shook her head at her precocious friend. "And I refuse to discuss this because you aren't going to die."
"Well, I'm not doing the Blood Rites with that jerk."
"Decebel is still inside there, Jen. He still loves you and wants you."
"Oh, he wants me, he made that perfectly clear. But the insufferable ass also told me that he may never love me again, but we would just have to make the best of it."
Jacque turned to Sally. "See, told ya. Dominant male - poof! - stupid words."
"I know he hurt you. And you have every right to want to castrate him. But deep down, Jen, you love him. He's yours just as much as you are his. Please think about it. We love you, we don't want to lose you," Sally pleaded.
Jacque and Sally both wiped away tears as they watched Jen close her eyes in obvious frustration.
"Can I be alone, please?"
The girls knew Jen must really be hurting if she wanted to be by herself. Jen hated being alone.
"We'll be right outside the door. We love you, Jen."
Jen nodded. "I know. I love ya'll too."

As Jen lay there looking up at the ceiling, she felt a tear slide down her cheek as she listened to the painful howl of a wolf - her wolf. She wanted to hate him. She wanted to never see him again. However, the truth was she was dying without him, and not just because she hadn't had his blood, but because it was tearing her apart inside to not have him near. The only thing that kept her from crying out for him was her pride. Okay, so that would be a really stupid reason to die. She could imagine what Jacque and Sally would put on her tombstone:
	'Here lies our stubborn friend,
 	Though she loved him and really tried,
	She met her all too early end
	Because of foolish pride.'
Yep, that's about how it would go. And still she lay there with her lips shut tight and pain in her heart. Tears caressed her cheeks where loving hands had once done the same.

"He won't eat, Vasile." His mate's voice was filled with worry.
"He's pining for her. I think if she dies, he will die as well, regardless of the Blood Rites." Vasile wasn't trying to be disrespectful of Jen's situation, he was just stating what was.
"You need to talk to him. You need to fix this."
"Luna, I'm Alpha, not God."
"Oh, now you want to act like you can't do everything? Now is not the time to back off. Jen, just as Sally and Jacque, is like a daughter to me. I won't lose her. Go deal with this Vasile. Now."
Vasile looked into Alina's eyes and saw the determination there. He also knew that if he did not heed her words, he would pay for it.
"Okay, Mina. I will talk to him."
She let out the breath she had been holding, kissed her mate gently, and then pushed him in the direction of the door.

Vasile found Decebel in a small shed behind the house the Fae were letting them stay in. Peri had used her magic to make the shed warm on the inside when Decebel had been placed in there, still under the binding spell.
"What are you doing?" Vasile asked firmly.
Decebel looked up at his Alpha in confusion. "What do you mean? I'm sitting here unable to move and I feel like I'm dying. What am I supposed to be doing?"
"You need to deal with this, Decebel."
"I told you what I said to her. She will never forgive me." Decebel shook his head, looking down at the ground. "I don't deserve her forgiveness."
"Do you know how many times I have hurt Alina? How many times my dominant nature has allowed stupid words to fly out in anger?"
"You and Alina know each other, love each other. That's different."
"You love Jen. She loves you. There is only one difference -"
"It's kind of a doozy. I don't remember her." Decebel interrupted.
"You are pining for your mate. Not just your wolf, but you. You won't eat, you're giving up. And you aren't even bonded yet. If that's not love, then what the hell is?" Vasile crouched down in front of his Beta and looked him in the eye. "I'm going to unbind you. You will go to her tonight. You will make this right. She needs you, and more than that, you need her."
Decebel closed his eyes and nodded once. Immediately he felt unseen bonds fall away and he could move again.
"She told me she never wanted to see me again."
"Decebel, neither you nor Jen ever do what the other tells them to. It seemed to be working for you both, why change it now?" Vasile winked at Decebel, who looked very confused at his Alpha's words.
Before Vasile walked away he gave one more order. "Eat something. She is going to need your blood."
Decebel winced at the knowledge that he hadn't taken care of his mate. He had left her broken, in pain, and needing him. Wow, what a catch he was. He snorted a disgusted sound at himself, then headed inside, anxiety filling him as he wondered what his mate would say.



###chapter 19
Decebel pushed the door open gently and entered her room. She was asleep, her breathing even and calm. He walked slowly and quietly to the side of the bed and knelt down as he looked at her beautiful face. Her blonde hair fanned out across the pillow and Decebel couldn't resist picking up a few strands and bringing them to his nose. He breathed in deep, pressing the soft strands to his face. As he took in her precious scent, cinnamon and vanilla, he realized something. He remembered that scent.
A sharp pain suddenly pierced his mind and he felt like his brain was trying to burst through his skull. Images began flying through his mind, almost like movie clips. Seeing Jennifer on the side of the road, her body badly burned; a hospital bed, her eyes narrowed in anger; rolling an IV pole down a hospital corridor with Sally chasing her; tumbling naked from a steam-filled bathroom.
Every now and then he would hear conversations along with the images. He saw Jennifer on a plane staring daggers at him. Then on a bar, beautiful, her hair flying behind her while she danced; in a gym doing that sexy dance with Crina and Marianna; in a garden, they are standing in a gazebo, he tells her he wants her as they sit on a swing, then they're standing and he has his hands on her hips, holding her to him.
He saw their first kiss, remembered being angry - Jennifer had been touched intimately by another - then he marked her. Jennifer pulled him to her and kissed him fiercely. He felt the emotions of that moment rush over him, the lust, the love, the utter joy at having her in his arms.
He continued to kneel on the floor next to her bed, grasping the side for support as more and more memories flooded his mind. The memories were only half of it - the emotions were what wracked his body. His breathing was labored and his heart felt like it was going to stop at any second.
He didn't know how long he knelt there with his eyes closed. But finally, it was over and he was in the present, in a house beyond the Veil, his mate weak, dying, hurt by his uncompassionate words. The curse was broken.
Decebel looked up at Jen's face. Her eyes were still closed. Unable to stop himself, he leaned forward and gently pressed his lips to hers. He kissed her forehead, her cheeks, her chin. He just wanted to hold her, to be close to her.
His breath stopped when her eyes opened - they looked like beautiful blue orbs.

Jen saw it the minute she looked into his amber eyes. The recognition.
"You remember," she whispered softly, afraid to hope.
Decebel nodded. "Every. Precious. Second." His voice was thick with emotion as his eyes began to glow.
Jen tried so hard not to, but it was useless. It started with her body beginning to shudder, she couldn't control it. Her hands shook as she lifted them to cover her face and her lips trembled as a sob escaped, and pain, joy, fear, anger, and love stronger than anything she had ever known beat into her already-broken body. The tears that filled her eyes and flowed down her cheeks soaked her shirt and the blankets.
She felt Decebel's arms around her as he picked her up and put her in his lap, taking her place in the bed. He whispered her name over and over. He professed his love, he spoke in a mixture of English and Romanian, and every word made her cry harder. This time when he brushed her hair from her face, it was with familiarity. He held her and touched her like he knew her. That thought seemed to push her over another ledge she didn't see coming. Jen didn't think about the pain as she pressed closer to Decebel. If she could have climbed into his skin she would have. She buried her face in his neck, knowing she was getting him wet, but needing to smell him and feel his skin, needing his warmth to seep into her body.
Jen had no idea how long she cried. She only knew that Decebel never stopped rubbing her back or her hair. He never stopped talking to her, reassuring her. He told her about seeing her for the first time, their first kiss, the moment he knew he loved her. It was like he was trying to convince her that he remembered. He didn't have to, she could feel it.
She finally pulled back enough that she could look at his face. He reached up and wiped the tears from her cheeks as they finally abated. He smiled tentatively. Jen figured he was probably afraid she would throw him out again, but she didn't think she could handle being away from him any longer.
"I love you," he whispered to her.
"I've missed you," Jen whispered back.
Decebel pressed his forehead to hers as he listened to both of them breathe. Jen closed her eyes, basking in the closeness and, when she felt his lips against hers, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him tighter. She was so very weak, but nothing could stop her from having this kiss.
Decebel pulled back, knowing he needed to be gentle with his mate. Though the curse was broken, the bond still wasn't restored. He couldn't feel her in his mind nor could he look into hers. She was still dying. He ran his thumb gently across her lips as he looked at her.
She was beautiful, she was his.
"Baby, you need more of my blood."
Jen nodded. "I know."
"The bond won't be restored until we complete the Blood Rites." Decebel said these words very carefully. The last time they had spoken about the Blood Rites he had acted like an ass and was worried bringing it up might anger her again. He didn't want her to be angry with him. She might not let him hold her if she was angry and at the moment there was no way he could let her go.
Much to his relief she smiled, but her words made him frown. "Let's not talk about the Blood Rites right now, okay?"
Decebel's brow furrowed, but, deciding that she didn't need to exert anymore energy, he let it gofor now.
"Are you going to bite your wrist for me again?" she asked him softly, and he could tell that now that she was aware of what was going to happen, she was actually embarrassed.
"No," he answered simply and Jen's eyes widened as Decebel pulled his shirt away from his neck and shoulder. She saw one of his claws lengthen on his hand and watched in fascination as he made a deep cut across the area where his shoulder and neck met.
"This is how a female takes from her mate." Decebel gently guided Jen's face to his neck and she could tell he was holding his breath, waiting for her to put her mouth on him.
Jacque wasn't lying when she said this blood-taking stuff was intimate, she thought as she lowered her mouth to his skin. She was fully clothed, not touching him or being touched in any intimate way, yet she felt naked and vulnerable. She heard a rumble and felt it in Decebel's chest as her lips covered the gash and she began to swallow his healing blood. She closed her eyes as the liquid she expected to be metallic - but was actually sweet - trailed down her throat.
Decebel knew she had taken enough, but in his selfishness, he didn't pull her back. There was nothing more intoxicating to a male than providing for his mate. And Decebel was providing her with life - his blood was keeping her here with him. He pulled her close with a final squeeze and then reluctantly whispered to her, "It's enough, baby. You can stop."
Decebel smiled when he heard her growl. Stubborn woman. She finally pulled her mouth away and Decebel covered the gash by pulling his shirt back over it and pressing on it. It would close up in a matter a minutes. He noticed that Jennifer didn't look up at him but instead was looking at her hands in her lap. He placed his fingers under her chin and gently lifted it. Her cheeks were bright pink.
"Is my mate blushing? Jennifer Adams blushes?" Decebel teased.
"Well, bloody hell, Dec, you didn't tell me it was going to be like that."
"Like what?" He was taunting her now, wanting to see some life restored in her - even if only for a little while.
"You know," she muttered petulantly.
"I don't, love. You're the first to ever do that to me. How would I know?"
Jennifer glared at him and he smiled as he lifted a brow at her.
"It was hot," she confessed forcefully. "I'm here dying, and doing that," she pointed to his neck, "turned me on. I mean, seriously, if that can arouse a dying chick, she should be warned."
Decebel tried to hold Jennifer still as he laughed at her words. The joy and relief of having her back, of knowing her and knowing the love he felt for her, was indescribable.
"I'm sorry that I didn't warn you that taking my blood in that manner would -" Decebel cleared his throat before he continued but Jen beat him to it.
"Make me all hot and bothered?"
Decebel leaned forward and kissed her gently. "Don't be sore with me, love. Next time I'll warn you."
Jen tried not to laugh because she knew it was going to hurt like hell. And it did. She stiffened as she tried to swallow the pain. Decebel stood up with her in his arms and placed her back on the bed. He tucked the covers in around her, acting very much the role of a mother hen. Jen watched him in amusement as he felt her forehead. Like he would know what to feel for, she snorted to herself.
As he turned to head toward the door, she panicked.
"Where are you going?" Her words rushed out, sounding way more desperate than Jen would ever admit to feeling.
Decebel turned around and saw the fear in Jen's eyes. He came right back to her side.
"I'm not leaving - I'm not letting you out of my sight. I'm going to get Vasile so we can do the Bonding and Blood Rites."
Jen's eyes widened and she squeaked, "Now?"
"Yes, Jennifer, now. There is no reason for you to lay here sick when I can make you well. So," Decebel stood up to his full height and clapped his hands together once and rubbed them, "we are going to remedy this little problem."
Jen was beginning to panic. She needed to talk to Jacque and Sally before Decebel was able to get Vasile to go through with this.
"Wait, Dec. Can I talk to my two besties before we do this? First, I need to tell them that you remember me. That is sort of important. And, I mean, it is kind of like a wedding, ya know? I need to have my girl time before I tie the knot, so to speak." Jen knew that was a weak argument and, judging by the raised brow on Decebel's delectable face, he was not buying it.
"I will tell them to come in, but the door remains open so that I can see you."  
Even though Jen knew it was going to hurt she had to roll her eyes at her mate's words. "Here we go with that crap again. Would you like to get me a bell for my collar so you can know when I move?"
Decebel grinned as he opened the door. "That's a good idea, baby, thank you for the suggestion. See? I knew we would make a great team."
Jen growled - well, as much of a growl as she could muster with the pain - and muttered under her breath, "You'll be thinking great team when I'm wrapping the collar around your -"
"What was that, love?" Decebel was standing just outside the door with Jacque and Sally staring at her with knowing smiles.
"I said we will - are..." Jen was scrambling for words and finally just settled for, "Go team?"
Jacque and Sally were now laughing while Decebel stared at her through knowing eyes and tapped his ears, making it clear he could hear her muttering just fine. Jen made a most unlady-like gesture.
It only caused Sally and Jacque to laugh harder when Decebel responded with, "That'll have to wait until you're healed, baby. One thing at a time."
Jen's scowl deepened and she finally gave up sparring with her mate and glared at her two best friends. "You two hyenas get your giggling asses in here and shut up."
Jacque and Sally left the door open - as instructed by Decebel, of course - as they walked toward Jen's bed.
"I need to talk to you two," Jen whispered.
"That's why we came in," Jacque also whispered.
"Why are we whispering?" Sally added.
"Because you can bet your gypsy behind that eagle ears out there is listening to every sound I make. So, bring yourselves closer, this is important."
"First, you need to know that Decebel got his memories back."
"WHAT?" Jacque sort of whisper-hollered.
"How?" Sally asked in a louder voice.
"Shhh." Jen batted her hand at them. "He loves me," she said in a 'duh' sort of tone.
"Just like that? He went from 'we will make the best of it' to 'now I love you'?"
"I don't really know how it happened, I was asleep. But when I woke up, he was sitting there staring at me like I was the best thing since sliced bread. And I knew. I knew he recognized me. I don't know if I have ever been so relieved in my life."
"I'm so happy for you, Jen. You've been through hell and I can't imagine what it would be like for your mate to not know you." Jacque said soberly.
"Well, it was crap, that's for sure. But I have more important things to discuss."
"More important than Decebel loving you?" Sally looked incredulous.
Sally and Jacque both huddled close to Jen, attempting to keep from touching her, but at that moment Jen didn't care about pain - she needed her friends' support in this. Jen grabbed both their wrists and pulled them even closer.
"I've made a decision," Jen whispered to her two best friends.
Jacque and Sally held very still as they waited for Jen to continue. They could see on her face that this decision left a very rotten taste in her mouth.
"This sounds perilously close to a declaration we're going to think is impetuous and idiotic," Sally whispered roughly, raising an eyebrow.
Jen shushed her as she rolled her eyes. "I'm serious. Once you guys hear my reasons, I think you'll understand."
"That right there tells me we are wholeheartedly gonna think you're full of shit," Jacque growled as softly as she could.
Jen didn't realize she was fumbling with the blanket in her hands until Sally laid her hand over them, stilling them. She looked up and clenched her jaw, her eyes narrowed, and though she was very weak, she tried to come across as firm and confident. Based on their looks she wasn't fooling them.  Deciding there was nothing more she could do to show them she meant business, she spoke softly, but firmly.
"I'm not going to complete the mate bond and I'm not doing the Blood Rites."
Jacque and Sally, who had been leaning forward in order to hear her, stood up abruptly, as if a strong wind had forced them back. Both girls' mouths fell open. Jen waited and waited...and waited some more. Just when she thought they'd both had aneurysms, Jacque broke the silence by laughing hysterically.
"Shhh." Jen waved her hands in the air trying to get Jacque to shut up. "Shut your pie hole, wolf princess."
Sally looked from Jacque to Jen and then joined in. Both girls laughed until they had tears streaming down their cheeks. Jen finally gave up trying to shut them up and just waited until they regained their composure.
"Oh, man," Jacque said, wiping the wetness from her face. "Good times, Jen. Good times."
"Why the hell were you two laughing at me like a third nipple had sprouted on my forehead?"
Jacque snorted. "That's pretty funny, too, but the first thing was classic."
Jen waited for an explanation.
This time Jacque didn't whisper. "If you think the man who spent the past few weeks going through hell is going to let you get away so easily, you have not been paying attention." Jacque pursed her lips. "After finding out you were dying and beyond his reach; after going against his very nature and protecting the pack before his mate; after spending those weeks with most of his life forgotten, his mate forgotten, therefore half of his soul missing; after all that, you really think he's just going to smile, pat you on the back, and say 'have a nice life, Jen'?"
Jen started to protest but Sally held a hand up to stop her, and it was she that continued the rant Jacque had started. "Through the bond, he felt you - a stranger to him, nevertheless he was undeniably drawn to you. He felt you slipping away and, even though he didn't understand what you were to him, he knew that he would die before he let you pass from this world to the next. I watched as he saw Costin carrying you through the forest. I watched as he was prepared to kill anyone who came near you. He helped me do CPR on you, he cleaned you, clothed you, and never left your side.  He fed you his blood, he sang to you, he brushed your hair, he talked to you, and Decebel - that huge, brooding, emotionless brute - watched you lay on that very floor," Sally pointed to where Jen had lain dead, "lifeless, and he still didn't give up. Crying, he refused to let you go. He told you he would not lose you and he didn't. So, if you think after all that he's just going to take this lying down, then you are making that hair of yours proud, as you more than fulfill the role of the dumbass blonde."
Jen was shaking her head from side to side as a tear slipped down her cheek.
"If we bond and something happens to me, he will die." Jen's voice was soft, broken. "I can't handle the idea of something happening to him because of me. I still want to be with him, but I don't want his soul bound to mine. I won't be responsible for his death."
"Normally, Jen, I would bet on you any day of the week. But this time," Jacque said, shaking her head, "this time I bet on the wolf."
Jen cringed as she felt a sharp pain in her heart. Not a physical pain, exactly, but every bit as brutal.
All three girls looked at the doorway when they heard a low growl. Decebel stood there, his huge shoulders blocking the entire opening. His eyes were glowing, his breathing was labored, and he looked like he had murder on his mind.
Jacque looked from Jen to Decebel and a wicked grin spread across her face.
"Sally, get me some popcorn. This is payback for all the times Jen stuck her nose in my business with my mate." Jacque's grin was downright feral.
Jen dropped her head. It was then that Jacque realized just how much of a toll this decision had taken on her friend.
"It goes against nature, Jen. You both will suffer." Jacque ran her hand down Jen's blonde hair as she looked into her blue eyes. "He was created for you. Let him love you. Let him take care of you. If you deny the bond it will rip your heart in two."
"But he will live." Though the look in Jen's eyes showed her already-breaking heart, Jen's voice was full of steel, showing just how dead-set she was on her decision.
"We love you," Sally told her as she grabbed Jacque's hand and pulled her toward the door.
As they waited for Decebel to let them pass, he turned to look at Sally and Jacque, who both cringed under his glare.
"Congrats on remembering your mate, Dec," Jacque tossed out as she squeezed past the thoroughly pissed-off wolf.
"We were just leaving," Sally squeaked.
Decebel turned back to Jennifer, not bothering to acknowledge their words. He stepped aside and then the door shut and silence descended. After a short pause, he walked toward his mate. The need to touch her nearly overwhelmed him, making his wolf edgy.
He pulled a chair close to her bed. He laid his forearms on the comforter and gently placed his hands on her thigh. At first, he didn't speak. He just stared at her with those glowing amber eyes. Jen began to fidget under his scrutiny. She looked down at his large hands on her leg, hands capable of crushing bone, but that were always so gently with her.
"Look at me, Jennifer." His voice was gentle but his words were a command.
Jennifer hesitated, but finally raised her eyes to meet his. He reached up with one hand and cupped her face. Jen let out a slow breath at the contact. Without a thought, she nuzzled her cheek closer into his hand and she smiled when Decebel let out a low growl.
"You think to keep yourself from me." It wasn't a question.
Jen didn't deny his words.
"Why?" he asked.
She tried to pull her face from his hand but he didn't allow it.
"I've been thinking - all this time laying in a bed, writhing in pain will cause a girl to reflect on her situation." Jen spoke quickly, worried that if she didn't say it now, she wouldn't be able to. Because as she sat here with him so close, his scent surrounding her, her resolve was faltering.
 The next words out of her mouth were a punch to his gut and painful enough to rob him of breath.
"I won't complete the mate bond or do the Blood Rites. I can't." Jen's voice wavered. She couldn't bring herself to meet Decebel's eyes, instead she stared at the hand he still had on her thigh.
His hand dropped from her face and the coldness that coursed through her from that small action nearly caused her to throw herself in his arms and beg him to still have her. She finally looked up at him and what she found caused her breath to catch.
He growled, "Don't." His eyes were glowing brighter than Jen had ever seen them; his razor-sharp claws had descended. "Don't look at me with fear in your eyes. I am your mate. I could no more hurt you than I could kill a child."
Jen realized then that she was speaking with the wolf. Decebel had checked out.
Under his unwavering stare, Jen felt his power rush over her. He was making her submit for the first time. She didn't fight it, but lowered her gaze and bared her neck.
"I won't let you go," Decebel's wolf told her, his voice rough.
"I won't allow either of you to die because of me." A tear slid down Jen's face. She didn't bother to wipe it away as she knew more would follow. Many more.
"That is not your decision to make. You are our mate, we protect you."
Jen shook her head and her shoulders shook with sobs. She didn't know how to handle the emotions coursing through her. She usually kept the hysterics in check, but lately there seemed to be a lot of things that, simply put, were beyond her tough girl exterior. No amount of telling herself to suck it up and deal with it like a big girl could've stopped the pain from ripping through her. It pushed the sorrow from her very pores.
She felt the bed sink in under his weight as he sat down next to her. To her surprise, he pulled her into his lap. That undid her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pushed her face against it. When she heard soft words spoken in Romanian, she knew her man was back.
Jen pulled away to look at his face. Okay, so the wolf had only retreated a little - his eyes still glowed. But it was obvious Decebel had pulled himself together.
"Why do you put yourself through this, baby?" Decebel's hand slipped under the hem of her shirt to rub her back. Skin to skin touch was one of the most vital ways to calm a wolf. Jen leaned into his touch and hid her face from the piercing amber eyes that saw too much.
"We've known each other five months, Decebel. In those five months I've nearly died three times."
Decebel growled and pulled her tighter against his chest, causing her to wince in pain, but she refused to make a sound that would have him loosen his hold.
"If we had been bonded, you would have died with me. I can't accept that."
"You are an Alpha," he told her. "It is in your nature to protect. I can understand that, Jennifer. But you don't protect me. That is not your job."
"I disagree," Jen started.
"You can disagree all you like. Your job is to love me, to pull me and my wolf away from the darkness that would make us the most lethal killers. I don't need your protection, love, I need your light. I need to feel your touch on my skin for yours alone calms my wolf. I need your scent enveloping my body. I need your blood running through me." Decebel tilted Jennifer's head up so he could look into her shining blue eyes. "My wolf needs you to play with us, to challenge us. There are times when we need you to submit, and times when you are the last person we would want to submit to us. You are my beloved and the beloved to my wolf. You are my mate, the other half of my soul. You are the only thing that belongs to me and with me and no other. For me, there is no life without you." He watched as tears fell from his love's eyes, and fear, pain, and love pulsed behind them.
"Bond or not, Blood Rites or not, when you leave this world I will follow."
Jen cried harder at his declaration, her forehead falling to his chest.
"Could you live your life without me in it?" he asked her gently.
Her head snapped up. "No," she said firmly.
"Then what makes you think I can live without you?"
Decebel saw that his words were finally getting through his mate's thick head, through her firm determination.
"Jennifer." Her name was a whisper on his lips
She looked at his face, his glowing eyes, his strong jaw, his sensual lips. He was hers. Jen had realized as she listened to him reason with her that she would never be able to live this life and not be bound to him. The very idea was tearing her to shreds. As she began to let go of that choice, she felt her breathing ease. The turmoil in her was beginning to calm.
"I want you." He spoke the words he had spoken to her what seemed ages ago in an indoor garden standing in a gazebo. "I've waited more than a century for you."
Jen gasped as he lifted the hem of her shirt, revealing the dark tattoo-like marks that matched his own. His fingers traced the marks as he said, "You bear marks that no other ever will - marks that say you're mine. There is no other who will take the emptiness from me and no other who can love you as I will. I. Want. You."
Jen twisted in his lap and placed her hands on either side of his face. Her eyes narrowed as she stared at her destiny. "And so, you will have me," she whispered against his lips.
Her lips pressed firmly to his as he wrapped one arm around her waist. With the other, he cupped the nape of her neck as if to keep her from leaving him ever again.
Decebel pulled his lips away long enough to say, "Tonight. Tonight, we finish this."
Jen grinned against his lips, feeling his urgency build.
"Eager much?" she asked with a smile that almost reached her eyes.
"You have no idea," he whispered in her ear, bringing goosebumps to her skin.
Jen closed her eyes and took slow, deep breaths as she allowed his breath, his kiss, his touch to ease away the pain she'd brought upon herself.
Decebel pulled back and placed his forehead against hers, breathing hard. "I will never let you go."
"As if you would ever want to," she teased, regaining the humor that brought him so much joy. "There are all kinds of awesomeness going on here."
Decebel growled. "Baby, I think it's time you shared the awesomeness." His voice was a sensual caress.
Jen shivered. "The ceremony will be tonight?"
He nodded once in confirmation.
"So tonight, I'm to spread the love, so to speak?"
Decebel grinned a wolf's smile and another shiver ran through her body. " As much as I want that, you need to heal. Tonight, we will bond and do the Blood Rites, I will make you mine. But our consummation will have to wait."
Jen chuckled.
"That makes you laugh?" he asked, taken aback.
"Did you seriously just say consummation?"
"Disrespectful woman," Decebel growled as he gently nipped her bottom lip. That brought a shiver of awareness at the closeness of their bodies, which brought on another giggle from Jen.
"Now what's funny?" Decebel raised a single eyebrow at her.
She shook her head. "Sorry, I was just thinking it's going to piss Sally off that she'll be the only one left in the sexual frustration club."
Decebel laughed. "Oh, I don't know about that. Costin looks more than on his way to becoming a member."
Decebel stood and placed her back on the bed. He leaned down and kissed her one last time as Jennifer Adams. For their next kiss would be as mates and, little did she know, as husband and wife.
Decebel grinned to himself at that thought. It was good to keep his little spitfire of a mate on her toes, goodness knows she was going to constantly give him a run for his money.
"You have two hours to prepare. I'm sending Sally and Jacque in here to help you. I realize this is short notice, so don't stress. The only thing I care to hear from your mouth is yes. No more thinking, Jennifer." Decebel stared so deeply into her eyes she swore he could see her soul.
Jennifer smiled sweetly and said in her most mocking voice, "One of these days, fur ball, you and me are going to tango and you are going to wish - however briefly - that I had said no."
Decebel stood and rolled his shoulders back, his six-foot four-inch frame towering over her. He bared his teeth at her, canines lengthened. "I guess I haven't told you yet just how much I like dancing with you, and even you should know that there is no greater turn on than an Alpha's mate challenging him. So, if I ever wish that you had said no, then, baby, it's only because it's my favorite form of foreplay."
Jen's mouth dropped open at his statement. She didn't miss the smug look in his eyes that said he knew he had rendered her speechless. And so far, he was the only person, wolf, whatever, on earth capable of doing that to her. And here she was, going to tie herself to him forever. She watched as he strutted out of her room, a proud peacock pleased that he had stunned his mate.
Jacque and Sally walked in only moments after Decebel had left. She could see him standing in the other room. He made sure she was never out of his line of sight and though part of her wanted to roll her eyes at his protectiveness, the other part basked in his attention and care.
She still had not composed herself when her two friends approached her bed.
"Okay, I have got to know what he said to put that look on your face." Sally's eyebrows were raised clear to her hairline as she looked at Jen.
That snapped Jen out of her temporary stupor.
"Get used to disappointment, Sally girl. I will never repeat what that pervert just said to me."
Jacque laughed. "Oh, no." She climbed onto the foot of Jen's bed and laid herself out on her side. "If you think he's perverted now, just wait until the physical aspect of your relationship has a big, fat green light. I swear, having a mental link to your mate is like having front row tickets to a never-ending porno."
Now it was Sally's turn to drop her jaw and turn all shades of red. Jen couldn't help the bark of laughter that forced its way out despite her groan of pain afterward.
"How would you know? You've never seen a porno." Jen snorted.
"Well, I can assure you that it's not an after school special running through my mate's head ninety-five percent of the time."
Sally squeaked, "Ninety-five?"
"Chillax, healer. I think you have a little time before your wolf claims you." The words were out of Jen's mouth before she could stop them. A deer in the headlights had nothing on the look that was on Jen's face.
Sally and Jacque spoke at the same time, "What?"
Jen backpedaled as quickly as she could. "I don't mean a fur ball - I just mean, you know, a guy. Who are all dogs so might as well call your future man a wolf. It was just an expression, force of habit since we are constantly surrounded by unnaturally fine, too good-looking-for-their-own-good, flea-infested fur balls." Jen took a deep breath. "So, can we please get back to me and getting me ready for one of the said fur balls?"
Sally looked like she wanted to protest but Jacque quickly butted in, all the while giving Jen a "this conversation is not over" glare.


###chapter 20
Desdemona rarely lost her temper, but this was one of those rare moments. She had felt the curse break, so powerful that it had knocked her on her back. When she stood up her eyes were swirling like the sea in a storm and her hair whipped around her. A mutt had bested her. She grabbed the first thing she could reach and hurled it at the wall. A jar of goat hearts - no big loss, those were a dime a dozen.
She took several deep breaths, attempting to regroup. She would not let her emotions control her. Emotions were weakness, and there was no room for weakness in her black heart.
Someone had to be helping the wolves. There was no way they were more powerful than she, and no way they would have known what to look for in order to break the curse unless given a push in the right direction.
"So, it seems the Fae have come out of hiding." A wicked smile crossed her beautiful, cruel face. "I wonder if they remember how to play. I dare say they will not find me the easy prey I once was." Mona was speaking into the wind, fueling her will, her anger, and the wrath she would rain down on those who attempted to stand against her. "Perizada," she spoke on the breeze. "You think I don't know that you are assisting the wolves? You think you can hide from me? Hear me now, Fae of old. I will tear your heart from your chest and feast on it while it still beats."
The laugh that poured from her chest caused grass to wither and animals to hide from the evil flowing from her mouth out into the night.

"Well, the first thing you need to do is write your vows." Jacque handed Jen a pen and paper.
"Come again?" Jen raised her eyebrows at Jacque.
"You remember Fane and I reciting the ones we had written along with the traditional ceremonial vows, don't you? Were you paying attention at all at my bonding?"
Jen tried to think back to that night and remembered being somewhat distracted by a certain, brooding wolf.
"I might have been a tad preoccupied," Jen confessed, honest without remorse.
When Jacque and Sally simply stared at her as she held the pen and paper, her eyes bounced from one to the other. "What?"
"Get to writing, you only have two hours and we still need to get you all cleaned up and beautified."
Jen blew out a deep breath, then stared at the blank piece of paper. Vows, she thought. What am I vowing exactly? Jen closed her eyes and thought about when she had finally seen recognition in Decebel's eyes - the moment she'd realized he remembered her she had lost all control. Every bit of anger, fear, pain, love, relief, and joy had wracked her body.
Now she knew what she needed to say.

One hour and fifty minutes later

Jen stood with the assistance of Jacque and Sally, and stared at herself in the mirror.
"I'm not going out there like this." The look on her face and the steel in her voice made it very clear that someone was going to have to drag her out of that bathroom.
"I look like Mary-Kate Olsen meets Jennifer Love Hewitt."
"Okay, I understand the Mary-Kate reference, " Sally's brow furrowed, "'cause you've lost a lot of weight, but I don't get Jennifer Love."
Jen rolled her eyes. "You see how skinny I am?"
Sally nodded.
"Okay, well look me up and down and tell me which of these things is not like the other?"
Sally's eyes scanned Jen over and over and her face was still blank. Jen blew out an exasperated breath. "Boobs, Sal. I still have big boobs," she said dryly.
Sally's face lit up like a light bulb had gone on. "Got it. Skinny like Mary-Kate, but stacked like Jennifer. Sorry, I kind of took the steam out of that, huh?"
"Well, when you have to explain the sarcasm then, yes, it sort of loses its umph. No worries, I've got plenty more to go around."
Jen looked again in the mirror at the simple black dress that, from the front, was deceivingly modest. But the back, well, there wasn't one. It was open clear down to just above indecent. Peri had brought it to her and when she put it on the Fae snickered. When Jen turned in a circle to see why the woman was snickering, she nearly choked. Not only was it backless, but it scooped in just a little on the sides, enough to show a few of the swirling marks that branded her right side. Decebel was going to be pissed. And that thought brightened Jen right up.
"Why are you grinning like the Cheshire cat?" Jacque asked as her eyes narrowed.
Jen raised her arm slightly on her right side so Jacque could see the marks peeking out.
Jacque rolled her eyes. "You really do want him to have a coronary, don't you?"
Jen shrugged her shoulders. "Serves him right for being a punk earlier. I can't let him think that just because I'm bonding with him, I will suddenly be this little submissive chick who is like, 'yes, sir' and 'no, sir'. He needs to understand that it will still be, 'let me open the door for you, sir, since you can't walk straight because I kicked you in the -"
"That's enough ranting, Jen, we get it." Jacque chuckled. "He has no clue what he's in for."
"If he did, he'd be wishing his memory had never returned," Jen joked.
Jacque's face smoothed out and intensity filled her eyes. "Are you ready?" she asked Jen.
Jen thought about it for less than a second. "I've been ready for him since before I was born. I was created for him."
Jacque smiled. "I love it when I get to see these rare glimpses of the softy that's under all that nympho tough girl crap."
Jen rolled her eyes at her red-headed friend. "If you bust out in Lean on Me, I swear I will take what little energy I have and punch you in the eye."
Jacque tsked at her friend as she began to drag her out of the room. "My, my, Jennifer Adams."
"I know, my bitchiness knows no bounds."
"I was going to say I think you're hungry and sexually frustrated, but if you want to go with that then I'm down."

Jen stopped dead when she saw Decebel standing across the open room in front of a large fireplace. She didn't notice Cynthia, Crina, and Alina standing to her left or Sally and Jacque to her right. She didn't see Fane, Costin or Sorin sitting in various chairs around the room, watching, waiting.  She didn't even notice the two beautiful Fae that stood next to the fireplace.
He was standing there, talking to Vasile, when all of the sudden he stopped, closed his eyes, and inhaled deeply through his nose. His head turned slowly, straight toward her, and when he stopped, his eyes snapped open and met her stare. For a moment no one else in the room existed. It was simply Jen and Decebel. Neither of them moved. They simply stared, taking each other in, memorizing every detail like it could be the last time they would see each other. As her gaze wandered down his body, she noted that he wore a black V-neck sweater that formed tightly to his powerful shoulders and chest. The sleeves were pushed up slightly, revealing muscular forearms. He wore grey slacks that appeared to be tailored and black dress shoes. He could have just walked off a photo shoot for GQ. What made him more attractive was that he had no clue just how ruggedly handsome he really was.
Vasile cleared his throat and that broke the moment. Jen was suddenly aware that everyone in the room was staring at her.
She began to feel her legs shake, not used to carrying her weight. As if he sensed her growing weariness, Decebel crossed the room in several long strides and wrapped a secure arm around her waist. When his hand came in contact with her skin Jen felt him tense and slowly lean back to look at the back of her dress. He was growling and, since she wouldn't look at his face, she couldn't be sure, but she imagined his eyes were glowing as bright as the hot July sun in south Texas.
Decebel looked up at the room and announced, "The males will sit on the left side."
Without so much as a whispered question Costin, Fane, and Sorin all took seats on the left side of the room. Decebel walked her to where he had been standing moments before, next to the fireplace. The entire time his hand was splayed wide over her right side, covering any part of her markings that might be showing.
To Vasile's surprise, Decebel asked him to stand with his back to the room, with Jen and Decebel on the other side, instead of Vasile standing behind the couple and facing everyone. This, of course, made it impossible for anyone to see her side because it was facing the fireplace. Jen bit her lip and drew on every ounce of her willpower to not roll her eyes. As Decebel walked around her, she felt his fingers slip just inside the side of her dress and trail down, knowing he was touching her mark - his mark. Jen shivered and nearly kicked Decebel when she saw the side of his mouth lift in a triumphant half-smile. When he was finally standing in front of her, all memory of irritation fled as she looked at the utter devotion and love staring out at her from his eyes. His face had softened, even the glow in his eyes had receded slightly.
The room quieted as Vasile turned to address the others.
"Decebel is an Alpha in his own right. He led his own pack, was powerful and undefeated in challenges. For this reason, his Bonding Ceremony will be as it would for an Alpha in the presence of a high Fae. It is the first time in a very long time that we are privileged to have the Fae with us during a bonding. Because of this, Decebel has asked for Perizada to participate in the ceremony which is only bestowed upon Alphas. "
Jen gasped and started to speak, but her lips pressed together when Decebel gave her the look that told her he meant business. She didn't understand what was going on and it worried her to know that the Fae would be a participant in something so special.
Decebel could see the apprehension in Jennifer and reached across to run the backs of his fingers across her cheek. "Trust me," he mouthed silently.
"Always," was her silent response.
 Vasile turned his back on the room and looked at his Beta.
"Decebel, once Alpha to the Western Romanian pack, you have found your true mate and she has accepted your claim. As is customary, you will wash her feet, exemplifying your willingness to serve her and care for her needs, no matter how simple they may be. You will recite the customary vows and then your own vows. During that time, you will present your mate with your offering."
Decebel nodded once to Vasile and led Jennifer to a chair. A basin of water with steam rising from it sat next to the chair on the floor. Jen could smell lavender floating on the air.
Decebel smiled. "To soothe," he told her. Even without their mental bond he understood the questioning look in her eyes.
He slowly raised the hem of her dress to expose her feet and calves. Jen took it from him and folded it over her lap, covering the tops of her knees. She could tell it made him uncomfortable to lift her dress in the company of others. As soon as that thought flitted through her mind, Jen bit her tongue to keep from giggling like a school girl. She remembered watching Fane wash Jacque's feet at their ceremony and thought it was very sweet, but as Decebel took her leg in hand and with a washcloth squeezed water onto her foot, she realized just how intense and intimate this moment was.   
He continued to wash her feet while he lifted his gaze to hers and spoke.
"On this day I kneel before you, as a servant to my mate, to ask if you will make me whole. Will you give yourself to me? Finally calming the beast inside, bringing order to chaos, shining light where there has been only darkness? Will you bind your life to mine, your fate to mine, and your soul to mine and, in doing so, complete the mate bond?"
Jennifer wished she could say that she remembered the response to the vows, but in truth the intensity in his voice, the love in his eyes, held her mind captive. Her thoughts were sluggish from her sickness and her weak body. She tried to remember exactly what to say, but all she could recall was, "I will bind my life to yours, my fate to yours, and my soul to yours and complete our mate bond. I will take you for my own, my mate, and my Alpha."   
Decebel dried her feet off gently and pulled her dress down, recovering her legs. When she began to stand, he gently placed a hand on her shoulder.
"You are tired." He spoke so softly only she could hear.
Jen gave him a slight smile, but felt a pang of anger that she wasn't strong enough to stand through her own bonding ceremony. Decebel winked at her - he knew she was ticked and she couldn't help the grin that spread across her face.
Fane brought Decebel a chair so he could sit directly in front of Jen. He sat down and leaned forward with his elbows on his knees. He took both of her hands in his and looked into her eyes.
"I'm not good with words. And some words I use at times are spoken harshly and before I think about what I'm saying."
Jen smiled at his confession and waited for him to continue.
"I thought about what I want to say to you, how to say it to you, and I confess I never could get it quite right. I thought about what you have been put through in the past weeks and can't imagine any words which could afford you the measure you are due for what you have endured. How can I come to you with any worth, when for three weeks I didn't know who you were? I left you alone. What kind of man does that to his woman? What kind of mate forgets the one who completes his soul?"
 Jen was holding it together by a thin strand as she watched the mighty Decebel humble himself in front of her and their pack.
"I cannot undo what has happened. No matter what I give, to be able to fix the past weeks is beyond my ability. The only thing I can do is prove to you, however long it takes, every single day for the rest of our lives that I will be a man, a mate, a friend, and a lover worthy of you."
Decebel knelt in front of her then and dropped his arms to his side. He looked at Peri, then at Jen.
"I must give an offering to you to prove my ability to provide for you both physically and emotionally, to protect, and -" Decebel added this last part, though it was usually understood he wanted it spoken aloud, "to love you.  I didn't expect to be doing our bonding ceremony on the other side of the Veil. The offering I have for you is not one that is typical, but oddly enough I think it is appropriate and I hope that you accept it.
"Once the Blood Rites are performed, my mark will remain on your skin forever. Your bite mark will not remain on me. Your scent will be in me, but the Great Luna did not feel it necessary for the female's bite to remain visible. So, my offering to you is your mark burned and etched into the flesh above my heart."
Several gasps rippled across the room, Jen's being the loudest. Decebel continued before she could interrupt him.
"My hope is that you will see by this offering that I will endure whatever necessary to ensure you remain with me, whole, safe, protected. I hope that it will show that I want the world to know the name of the incredible woman who holds my heart in her hands. The blood born from this offering is my promise that by the sweat of my brow, the flesh of my body, and the blood of my life I will always provide for you in whatever form that might take. Do you accept my offering, mate? Do you accept me?"
Jen was speechless. She didn't want Decebel to be in pain. She didn't want to see his beautiful skin marred because of her, but she knew if she denied him it would be a blow to his pride that could never be restored. If Decebel could do this, then so could she.
Jen's eyes locked with his when she spoke. "Yes. I accept your offering."  
Decebel let out the breath he had been holding. "You sure do know how to keep a man in suspense, love."
Jen was too nervous to have a smart mouth comeback. She watched as Peri pulled a knife from the fireplace where the blade had been sitting in the hot coals. How had she missed that? Jen refused to look away from Decebel's eyes as Peri began.
"Decebel," Peri's voice was strong and the magic that she normally kept toned down was pulsing through the room, "do you willingly accept the markings this blade will put on your flesh? Do you fully acknowledge that these markings are permanent and will not heal the way other injuries inflicted on your kind do? Are you aware that you shed your blood under the power of the Fae?"
"I do and I am."
With his affirmation, Peri pressed the blade to his chest. Jen's eyes, against her will, glanced down to watch. Her mouth dropped open as she watched his flesh cut and burned by an unmoving blade. When Peri pulled the blade away to put it back in the fire a small, perfect J was left on his skin. A few moments later Peri put the knife next to the J and again the knife seared into his flesh and without moving, cut and burned an E next to the J. This continued letter after letter. Decebel never moved, never made a sound as blood ran down his chest and abdomen. There was, thankfully, not a lot of blood since the skin was not just cut but burned as well. It still made Jen sick to watch his precious blood be shed for her. When the final letter was finished Peri set the blade down and handed Jen a cold, wet towel.
"Tend to your mate. He has done you a great honor this day." Peri stepped back into the shadows as Jen stood. Decebel tried to get her to sit back down but Jen brushed his hand away.
"Let me," she told him firmly. With Decebel on his knees, his face was level with Jen's and she looked into his eyes as she gently wiped the blood from his chest and stomach. Once it was all gone, she dropped the towel and placed her hands on either side of his face. She leaned in until her lips where just barely touching his and whispered against them, "I love you, Decebel."
Before Decebel could wrap her in his arms as he longed to do, Vasile's voice broke through.
"Jen, it is time for you to give your vows to Decebel."
Jen stepped back, and when Decebel gently pushed her into the chair she acquiesced to his wish because she was indeed tiring. Watching him endure that had wiped her out.
She pulled the piece of paper from where it had been tucked in her dress - well, in her bra. Decebel raised an eyebrow at that.
"Where was I supposed to put it?" she asked innocently.
Decebel scooted closer to her on his knees. He tapped her on the nose in punishment for her brazenness, but there was love in his voice when he said, "Mate, share with me your vows."
The "now" was insinuated and not lost on Jen. She cleared her throat and looked down at her paper. She had tried as best she could to pour her heart into her words. She wanted Decebel to know he was a man of value and worth. It was so amazing to her that their vows had been exactly in sync with one another's.
"The absolute worst time of my life was when I heard your voice possess no emotion, no warmth, no bossy demands, no recognition of me." Jen saw the pain in his eyes at her words. He thought she was reprimanding him. "Decebel, look at me." He raised his eyes to hers. "Bear with me. I have a point and it's not to hurt you. Trust me." She repeated his words, imploring him to do just that, trust her.
Though his lips were tight and his eyes glowed, he nodded for her to continue.
"I have to admit, it's weird to be able to feel a person's intentions simply by the sound of their voice in your mind, but I could. When you called me 'Jen,' I felt my heart shatter. One misspoken name and everything that defines me imploded and nearly suffocated me. Before this, I never thought about how important it is that you think me special enough to call me something others don't have the privilege of. I remembered how I could see in your eyes how you valued me. But without recognition, I lost not only your love, but my value to you."  Jen took a deep breath and paused. It was then that she heard soft sobs and sniffles. She briefly glanced away and saw there wasn't a dry eye in the room. She looked back to Decebel and leaned forward, placing her hands on his shoulders. She pulled, making him understand that she wanted him closer. He relented and moved until he knelt in between her knees. He rested his hands on either side of her chair and leaned closer.
"Baby," Decebel's voice was a low growl and full of hurt, "please tell me there's more and that it no longer includes ripping my heart from my chest."
Jen took his hand on the right side of her chair and lifted it. She pulled it closer until his hand was on her waist, his fingers directly over the mating marks that her dress did not completely cover. His eyes brightened at her bold and very blatant move. She was reminding him through touch, a touch that only he would ever have the privilege of, that she was his.  
"I say all this so you will understand the importance of what I am going to say next."
"Go on." His words were soft as he gently squeezed her side in encouragement.
"We've been through some tough times in the short amount of time we have known each other. We've both been through tough times in our lives before we knew each other. But it is those tough times that make us who we are, that make us valuable to one another, because those times in our lives when we were walking through the valley, those times are what built our character. Those times are what made us the people we are today, people who have been able to endure the past three weeks.
"You didn't give up, you didn't walk away even when you didn't understand what was going on, even when things seemed to keep going from bad to worse. You stuck around. You are a man of your word, you have integrity and honor.  No matter what we go through; the choices we make; the failures we endure; the victories that come; the sorrow that tears through our lives. No matter the passion we have; the anger we will feel; the joy or the love that will fill our hearts and souls, memory or not. You are a man of worth. The very definition of value does not do you justice because your value to me is vast, endless, infinite, inestimable, completely and utterly beyond measure." A promise from her very soul only meant for him. Jen leaned forward, placing her hand on the nape of his neck, and pulled him until their foreheads touched.  
She whispered, "Decebel." Her voice caught and she felt a tear slip down her cheek.
He ran his hand down her hair to her bare back. "Shh, baby, it's just us. Just you and me."
Collecting herself, she tried again. "Decebel, my love, my mate, I will spend every day for the rest of our lives striving to make sure you know your worth."
They sat like that, forehead to forehead, breathing each other in for several minutes. The room was utterly silent. No one moved, not wanting to disturb the couple lost in their love.
Finally, Decebel pulled back. Jen smiled and whispered, "So is that it? Are we bonded?"
Decebel's face lit up in a rare smile that radiated off of him. "Yes, baby, we are bonded, but that's not it."
Jen's brow furrowed as confusion colored her face. "Please tell me you are not going to bite me in front of them."
Decebel growled and frowned. "That's the equivalent of letting them watch us -"
Decebel was cut off by Vasile before he could finish the thought. Jen understood his meaning and realized her faux pas.
"My bad." She smiled and gave a weak chuckle.
Decebel held out his hand to her as he stood. "Can you stand with me a few moments longer?"
Jen took his hand and stood, silently answering his question.  He placed her opposite him and frowned when Vasile stood behind them, facing the room. Jen caught on really quick as to why Dec was growling and turned to look out at the others in the room.
"Hey, Jacque, could you ing-bray e-may a-way acket-jay?" Jen hadn't used pig latin in a long time, but Jacque was as fluent as ever.
"On-way it-way" Jacque ran up the stairs to grab a sweater from the closet in her room.
A few moments later, sweater in hand, she jogged up to Jen and helped her put it on.
" Uch-may obliged-way"
Decebel raised an eyebrow at Jen. "I speak pig Latin, love, and several other languages. So, you might want to figure out one I don't speak if you want to be sneaky."
"I'm going to speak a language that is universal to everyone even if they don't know much sign language." Jen grinned wickedly.
"Jen, behave," Jacque scolded. "You're getting ready to get -" Decebel's head snapped around and Jacque slapped a hand over her mouth. She turned away, quickly mumbling something unintelligible through her hand.
Jen looked up at Decebel. "I'm going to be getting what, fur ball?"
"You are going to marry me now," he stated matter-of-factly. "We've bonded in the way of our wolves, now we will bond in the way of your species. Make no mistake, Jennifer, there will be no question in any species, be it human, wolf, Fae, vampire, witch, or the like who will question what you are to me or who you are to me."
Jen's mouth dropped open and for the second time in twenty-four hours, Decebel had rendered her speechless. Decebel gently pushed her jaw closed and smiled. "Seeing as how speech has left you momentarily, we will begin, and you don't have to worry because you only have to say two words."
Jen knew in her heart that she wanted to marry Decebel. It was the logical next step, seeing as how he had just branded her name on his body and they would be exchanging blood in a short while. But, bloody hell, the barbarian could have asked! Without thinking, Jen stomped on Decebel's foot as hard as she could and though it probably more startled him than hurt, he snarled at her and reached to pull her to him. She wanted to kick him in the shin, but she didn't have her shoes on and it would hurt her more than him. So, when his hand came down on her shoulder, she turned her head and bit down as hard as she could.
Decebel pulled his hand back and snarled again.
"What the -" Decebel stopped himself just barely before he cursed at his mate. His eyes were glowing and he swore that Jen's blue eyes were lit up with their own faint glow.
"Jennifer, why did you strike out against your mate?" Decebel's voice was deceptively calm.
Jen crossed her arms over her chest and glared.
Decebel decided that if looks could beat the crap out of someone, hers would be doing it at this very moment.
"I can't believe you even have to ask. You just told me - TOLD ME - that I was going to marry you!" Jen threw her hands up. "Are you KIDDING ME, DECEBEL? SERIOUSLY?"
"Don't you want to marry me?" Decebel asked, truly at a loss as to why she was angry.
Just then a snicker from across the room made its way to him and his head whipped around to stare down the culprit.
"Quit glaring at my friends, you flea bag, and pay attention to the woman you just ordered to marry you. Of course, I want to marry you."
"Then what's the problem? Let's get married. Now." Decebel started to pull her back in front of Vasile, but she jerked her arm back.
He growled again, stopping short when he saw her sway.
"Jennifer, please sit down. I don't want you to hurt yourself." This time his words were so gentle they virtually caressed her skin.
Jen smiled to herself. Screw it. I'm going to play the pity card, she thought and she purposely tried to look weaker than she really felt.
"Decebel."
"Yes, baby, what is it?"
Jen had to bite her tongue to keep from giggling at his sudden change in demeanor.
"Please kneel down so I don't have to strain my neck to look up at you."
Decebel was on his knees in front of her in a flash. Jen put her hand over her face to cover the laugh that was in her throat and tried to play it off as a stifled sob.
"Jennifer, baby, please. What can I do?" Decebel hated seeing her in pain and she knew it. So maybe she was going to hell for playing him, but she refused to marry him without being asked.
Finally composed, she dug down deep for the most pitiful voice she could find and because she had tears from the laughter that were so close to erupting, she even had them sliding down her now sad-looking face.
"Ask me." Her voice shook.
"Ask you what, baby?" Decebel moved forward close enough that he could cup her face. "Tell me what and I will ask."
Jen bit her lip, grasping composure again, and opened her eyes. A big grin stretched across her now-bright face. "Ask me to marry you, you big oaf."
It was Decebel's turn to drop his mouth open. He stared at his mate with part irritation and part awe. She had played him like the most skilled musician.
Jen waited for his reaction. Despite her acting, she really was beginning to fade. Finally, he laughed at her audacity and ability to keep him on his toes. He looked deep into her eyes and pulled her body flush against his. He heard her pulse pick up and loved the effect he had on her - the effect she had on him. Slowly he leaned forward until his lips were touching hers. He blew a breath across her mouth and nipped her bottom lip. Jen was trembling and he knew she was fighting a moan.
"Jennifer, my love," he whispered.
She squeaked out a, "Mm-hmm?"
"I want you." He repeated the words he had professed to her that night in the garden, the night he'd first claimed her. "I love you. Please be my wife, please accept me in every way, my mate."
Jennifer's breathing had become shallow and she couldn't respond. She was surrounded by his scent, his touch, his breath. Decebel motioned for Vasile to get on with it while his mate was in a temporary stupor, drunk on his desire for her.
Vasile recited all the wedding vows and Decebel said "I do" at the appropriate moment. When it was Jennifer's turn, he looked into her eyes - he saw her acceptance and waited for her to verbally confirm it.
Jen could no more deny him than she could cut off her own hand. And, to be fair, he had asked.
"I do," she answered breathlessly.
Decebel wrapped his arms around her and was kissing her before Vasile even got his final words out. The kiss started out fierce and desperate, his lips conveying the fear of her rejection. When he felt her hold on him weaken, he softened the kiss until he finally pulled away. He looked at his mate, his wife - she was beautiful. She smiled at him as she pulled back from his embrace.
Suddenly Jacque and Sally were by her side, hugging her and laughing.
"You deserve a freaking Oscar for that performance. I mean, I'm tempted to kiss your feet in awe." Jacque was grinning at Jen as she held out her fist for a fist-bump. This one even called for the hand explosion after the bump complete with sound effects.
Decebel looked from girl to girl, shaking his head. "You three are so odd."
Jen grinned at him and started to say something, but all she got out before she began to crumple was his name. And it was a plea so desperate that he moved quicker than he ever had. Her body landed in his arms before she could connect with the floor. Decebel looked down to her face, then her chest. There was no rise and fall.
"She's not breathing." He hurried in the direction of her room, his words a boom behind him. "Healer, with me!"



###chapter 21
"Quickly, Decebel," Sally was saying as she laid her hands on Jen's chest. She didn't know what to do for her friend. There was no blood in her lungs this time. It was like her body was giving up. Decebel tore into his wrist, not caring about the pain. He waited to place it over Jennifer's mouth until Sally had given her two breaths of air. Sally began chest compressions while Decebel placed his wrist over her mouth and rubbed her throat, trying to get her to swallow.
Jacque looked on as Sally and Decebel worked on the broken body of her best friend. Tears filled her eyes and Fane's strong arms wrapped around her.
"This isn't supposed to happen, Fane. She can't die. She just can't." Jacque turned into Fane and buried her face in his shirt. She was getting nauseated listening to Sally press on Jen's chest, waiting to see if Jen would breathe on her own. Minutes ticked by, and still Jen lay lifeless.
Sally stopped her chest compressions and raised her head to look at Jacque. Her eyes swelled with tears and the sound that came from her tore at every heart in the room.
"I can't save her." Sally's voice started out more outraged than in pain until the truth sank in. Jen was gone, and there was nothing Sally could do. Her body shaking with rage as she stood up. "What the hell good am I if I can't SAVE MY BEST FRIEND!" She was quickly losing it.
Jacque started to go to her, but Fane held her back. Costin rushed around them and took Sally in his arms. She fought him at first, hitting his chest, denying his comfort.
"Sally mine, let it out. Scream, kick me, hit me. Do whatever you need to. I've got you and I'm not letting go."
Sally sagged against him, weeping, shaking, and utterly broken. Costin picked her up and carried her out of the room. She needed to pull herself together and he knew she couldn't do that with everyone staring at her.
Fane turned to his father as he watched realization fall over Decebel.
"He's not going to be safe."
Vasile nodded. "Get the females upstairs. The males stay here. It will take all of us if we have to take him down."

 
Decebel brushed Jennifer's hair from her face. His blood was on her lips, yet he kissed her anyway. She was so still - so very, very still. The healer had stopped the compressions but Decebel refused to give up. He gave her two breaths and resumed pumping her heart. She couldn't die. She would not die. He would not survive without her, and the world would not be able to handle the wrath that Decebel would reign down on it. Jennifer was the only good thing left in him.
He felt arms pulling him back and voices telling him to let go.
Let go? Are they crazy? He would never let her go. She was his. She was bonded to him, married to him. The demons from hell would have to devour him before he ever let her go.
He growled and snarled. An arm came into view and Decebel snapped at it with his huge teeth. They all jumped back, as well they should. He would kill the first one who attempted to take her from him.
When he looked down at her again, willing her to breathe, and her heart to beat, it hit him like a hundred-ton truck. She was gone. No light shone in her face, no sassy smiles or cutting glares. The woman who only moments ago he had kissed, had teased, had claimed, was gone.
He picked her body up and moved toward the bed, laying her down reverently.
"Get out. All of you. If you value your lives you will get out of this room. Now." Decebel didn't raise his voice. He didn't have to. Death was in his eyes and hell would follow.
He paid no attention as, one by one, they left. The last was his Alpha, who paused at the door. Decebel didn't acknowledge the action but continued to look at his mate. His broken, dead mate.
He fell to his knees with a huge crash. He buried his face in her stomach, absorbing as much of her scent as he could. He dreaded the moment he would begin to feel the heat leave her body. He remembered what it was like when he held Cosmina, her body cold and stiff. This was nothing like that. This felt like someone was ripping him apart. His heart fought to beat, his breath was short, and he struggled for each one. Maybe he was dying. Maybe he could follow her to the other side. He wanted no life here without her - he would welcome death as a lover, embracing her cold darkness. But death didn't come.
Decebel stayed there on his knees, his face on his mate. One hand brushing her hair, the other holding her hand. He couldn't bring himself to move. If he moved, then it was real. If he moved, they might take her body from him and then he would have nothing left of her. So, he wouldn't move, he would stay here and hold her until the world returned to the dust it once was. He knew it wasn't rational, but he no longer cared what rational was. In fact, he was so far gone that he decided if she was going to the other side, she would go bearing his mark.
Decebel eased up closer to her face. He pushed her hair gently from her neck and pulled her dress down slightly, revealing her shoulder and neck. He kissed her softly on the spot he would soon mar.
"I love you, baby. I will be with you soon. Very, very soon." Decebel leaned in and, without hesitation, sunk his teeth into her flesh. Her blood was still warm, but only just. She tasted better than he could have ever imagined - she was made for him, her blood was perfect for him. He pulled back and licked her wound, then he brushed a kiss across her lips and laid his head back down on her stomach.
"There now, love. Now it is done. You will bear my mark for eternity." Tears slid down Decebel's face as he finally wept for his loss. He shook with the knowledge that he would never see her smile again, never feel her kiss, never hear her sarcastic words or her whispered declarations of love. He would never know her as a wolf knows his mate, or as a man knows his wife. He would never have the opportunity to, as she put it, make babies with her. He wept and wept for all the things he was losing, not just her, but the life he was supposed to have with her.

The first thing Jen noticed was how good she felt. It seemed like she'd been in such pain earlier - had it been a dream?
 Opening her eyes, she knew immediately she was not in her room or the house beyond the Veil. Slowly, she stood and looked around.
"We're not in Kansas anymore, Toto," she muttered into the emptiness.
There was no color, no darkness. Just light, a whiteness all around her. It was silent and, if she were honest, really creepy. This was definitely not a dream. It all felt too real.
"Hello?" She didn't yell, but spoke firmly and loud enough for someone not standing in her vicinity to hear.
She waited.
"Okay, you brought me here. The least you can do is show a girl around."
Nothing.
"At least tell me if I'm dead or not."
"That is the question, isn't it?"
Jen swung around in the direction of the voice and saw, to her shock and confusion, Perizada.
"What are you doing here?"
"I've come to interfere where I should not. But then, obeying was never my strong suit."
Jen snorted. "A woman after my own heart." She paused and glanced around. "So, am I dead?"
 "Technically, yes. But also no."
"Wow, you are very forthcoming," Jen said sarcastically.
"You are supposed to die. But I have seen what happens with your absence in their lives. It is not pretty. So, I'm defying the fates. I think they've got this one wrong."
"You know, I said that very thing about God giving me blonde hair. You would think these guys would get it right, being professionals and all."
Peri smiled at Jen's spunk and appreciated that she wasn't groveling or freaking out. So many humans resorted to freaking out when they didn't understand things.
"So how do I get back?"
Peri raised a single eyebrow at her. "You are not worried about defying the fates?"
Jen shook her head, rubbing her face with her hand. "I just bonded with my mate and married the man I love. I didn't even make it from the altar to our bedroom. I mean seriously, woman, have you seen his body? Well, I'm sorry, but I've waited too long and been way too good to not get a piece of that. So, you will excuse me if I'm not shaking in my dead body about defying the fates. I want to go back; I need to go back. They need me. You've seen that ragtag bunch. Who the hell will keep them all in line if I'm not there?"
Peri was chuckling by the time Jen finished her rant. "Oh my, you are going to be fun to have around, Jennifer, mate of Decebel. Well, I think your mate has suffered long enough. He hasn't killed anyone yet, but the time is drawing near when they will attempt to take your body. Someone will die if we don't get you back into it."
"Well, a little less talking, my fairy friend, and a little more action."
Peri walked up to Jen and put her hands on either side of her face. She was speaking a language that Jen didn't know. Suddenly Jen felt like her body was being eviscerated and then she was falling. She tried to scream, but no noise would come out.
Then she stopped. She felt warmth envelope her and air fill her lungs. Her eyes flew open and she gasped as she sat up, knocking something hard from her lap. She looked down into the completely shocked eyes of her mate.


###chapter 22
"Decebel?" Jennifer's voice was hoarse, like it hadn't been used in a while.
Decebel thought he might be hallucinating, but then remembered that he didn't care. He had thrown rationality out the door.
"Jennifer." Decebel opened his arms to reach for her, but before he could get there, she flung herself into them. She pulled him so tight against her.
"Are you -" He tried to pull back so he could look at her. "Are you real?"
Jen snorted a laugh. "Do you want me to show you how real I am, big guy?"
Decebel smiled and stroked her face. "You are, aren't you? But -" He stumbled over his words as he stared at the woman he thought he had lost for good. "You came back to me."
"Nothing could keep me from you, Decebel. Not even death."
He took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply, then he picked her up and sat her in his lap, lowering himself onto the bed. When he finally pulled back all he could do was stare at her, stroke her cheek, her hair. He leaned his head around to her side where the dress she still wore revealed her markings. They were there, unchanged. Decebel ran his fingers across them and pulled her tight. "Mine," he whispered in her ear.
"Always." She kissed him on the nose and giggled when he returned the gesture.
"I can't believe you're alive." And over and over as he kissed any part he could reach or touch, he whispered, "I love you. You're mine. I'm never letting you go."
Jen let him hold her and do the things he needed to reassure himself that she really was here, in his lap, breathing. She could imagine what it must have been like for him to watch her die and then to realize he had lost his mate, his other half.
Finally, when he seemed to have calmed down and gathered himself, she stroked his face as she looked at him.
"Shouldn't we go tell the others that I'm not dead?"
Decebel nuzzled her neck and kissed the spot where he had bitten her.  "I'm not ready to share you just yet." He kissed her neck again and Jen flinched.
"Why does that hurt?"
Decebel actually looked guilty. "I kind of bit you."
Jen narrowed her eyes. "'Kind of' bit me? How do you 'kind of' bite someone, fur ball?"
"I didn't want you to go to the other side not bearing my mark. And I wanted to taste you." he confessed reluctantly. "You're my mate, my wife. I couldn't let you go without having a part of you in me. At least for the little time I was going to be here. I planned to follow you within a matter of days."
Jen gasped. "What? What are you talking about?"
"I won't live without you. I can't. I'm dangerous without you. I would have killed anyone, Jennifer, ANYONE - Jacque, Sally, Vasile - if they had tried to take your body from me. Do not look at me with anger, love. I would be protecting the world from my wrath."
Jen could see that Decebel was really hurting by her reaction. She didn't want to be the cause for anymore of his pain.
"I'm sorry, baby, I didn't realize." Jen ran her fingers through his hair and pressed her cheek to his. "I won't live without you either. I do not hold it against you."
Decebel let out a deep breath. His hand ran up her bare back, reminding him of what she had worn to their bonding ceremony.
"Baby?"
"Hmm?" Jen nuzzled closer and Decebel closed his eyes, letting his senses take over and fill him with his mate.
"Why is half your dress missing?"
Jen chuckled. "I figured it would give you less to have to take off."
Decebel growled and she felt the vibrations in his chest.
"I would have missed that so much." Jen ran her hand up his chest and curled it around the nape of his neck.
"Missed what, love?"
"The growly, chest rumble thing."
Decebel chuckled. "I will do the growly, chest rumble thing anytime you want."
Jen smiled. "I will hold you to that, you know. So, if we're standing in line somewhere and I suddenly have the urge to cuddle, you better be ready to rumble away."
Decebel pressed a kiss to the top of her head.
"I really don't want to open that door. I want to keep you in here with me. I want to finish the Blood Rites - with you alive this time," he said pointedly.
Jen leaned back so she could look into his eyes. "We aren't opening that door until the Blood Rites are complete. The other can wait, but not the Blood Rites."
Jen pulled the neck of her dress down over her shoulder and leaned her head back to give Decebel access.
He growled and his grip on her tightened. As he leaned forward Jen felt his tongue run across her skin and then a sharp pain that was gone as quickly as it had come. She wrapped her arm around his neck, holding him tightly to her. She had expected some pain, maybe not horrible pain, but at least some. This felt...good. She knew that Jacque had said that the exchange was intimate, but she never explained the immense pleasure that also came with it. A breathy moan escaped Jen's lungs as she felt Decebel pull her closer. His mouth was warm and, though firmly attached to her, gentle. When he began to pull back Jen was completely unashamed when she whispered to her mate, "Don't stop."
Decebel chuckled. "We aren't blood suckers, baby. We only take enough to complete the Rites and leave our mark."
"Well, if it feels like that when the blood suckers do their thing, then we are seriously underestimating the value of being a blood sucker." Jen's head lulled back on her neck as Decebel licked the bite clean.
"Are you alright?" he asked her gently.
Jen grinned. "Better than alright."
Decebel kissed her. "Are you ready?"
She nodded, then asked, "I have to actually bite you this time, don't I?"
"Yes, love. Just let your instincts guide you."
Jen turned in his lap so that she was facing him with her legs wrapped around him. Decebel raised an eyebrow at her.
"What? This is just more comfortable than turning my neck." Her eyes were wide with innocence, but Decebel saw the slight smirk on her lips.
Jen leaned back slightly as Decebel grabbed the hem of his sweater and pulled it over his head. She tried not to drool on her mate when she looked over his ridiculously toned body. The markings that covered the right side of his chest, shoulder, and arm, all the way up his neck, were undeniably sexy.  Jen was forced out of ogling when Decebel cleared his throat.
"Like what you see?" He waggled his eyebrows at her.
"Like is putting it mildly," she admitted boldly. The look in Decebel's eyes grew intense and Jen felt a shiver run down her spine.
"Complete the Blood Rites, my love," Decebel whispered as he turned his head, baring his neck to her.
Jen leaned into him, holding one side of his neck with one hand and bracing herself on his shoulder with the other. She breathed in his scent and when her lips touched his skin, she felt his breathing quicken. She kissed his neck and then opened her mouth. Something deep inside her stirred. Like when she awoke in the morning and stretched, so she felt her wolf awakening and stretching. Then her focus became her mate. Jen felt her teeth lengthen - she wanted to be a little shocked at that moment, but the wolf that had been buried deep inside her had one thing on her mind and that was to mark their mate, to complete this age-old dance of their kind.
She opened her mouth wider and struck. Her teeth sunk into his flesh with no resistance. She felt warmth and wetness flow into her mouth and Decebel's arms wrapped around her, one hand resting just inside her dress over her marks, the other at the nape of her neck, holding her to him. As if she was going anywhere.
Jen couldn't believe how good he tasted. Sweet, but indescribably so. She sunk her teeth deeper and heard Decebel chuckle.
"Greedy little thing, aren't you?" He tugged on her hair gently as he spoke. "Jennifer, baby, it's enough."
Jen pulled back and, as he had done, licked the bite mark. She was grinning from ear to ear when she opened her eyes and looked at him.
"What are you smiling about, beautiful?"
"That was freaking awesome."
Decebel chuckled at her and gently rubbed her back. They were sitting quietly, enjoying each other, holding each other, when suddenly Jen felt a pull inside of her. Her eyes opened wide as the void that had been present since Rachel had severed their bond was suddenly filled with pulsing light.
Jen could feel their bond knitting itself back together and her eyes met Decebel's - their connection was restored.
"Decebel?"
He pulled her close, breathing her scent in.
"I hear you, baby. I feel you."
Jen let out a huge sigh of relief as she slumped against him and began to feel whole again.
"Do you feel it? The bond?"
"Yes," he answered. "I can feel your presence in my mind."
Jen felt nearly intoxicated with emotions as her own mingled with Decebel's. She smiled at him and whispered, "Let's do it again."
Decebel's brow furrowed. "Do what again?"
"You know, the biting and what not." Jen grinned wickedly. "I can only imagine it's probably way more intense when you can feel each other's feelings. I think, as my mate, you owe me the most wonderful Blood Rites experience ever."
Decebel was shaking his head, a smile across his face. "We can't do it again, love. Everyone needs to know you're alive and I -"
Before he could continue, Jen interrupted him with a frown. "Don't you dare tell me you have a headache."
Without thinking, Decebel threw his head back and laughed. His body was shaking and Jen had to wrap her arms around him to keep from falling off his lap.
He continued to laugh while she glared at him.
When the door was thrown open, Decebel's laugh cut off abruptly and - in a movement born into him as a wolf - he instinctively pushed Jen behind him and took up a protective stance in front of her.
Jen leaned forward to whisper in his ear, "Now look what you did. And don't think I won't forget you denying me. Remember, my sweet mate, payback's a bitch." Jen sent him an image of what she had in mind and laughed when Decebel snarled.
*"Quit distracting me, woman."*


###chapter 23
The only sounds in the large room were stifled sobs, and soothing noises coming from those trying to comfort. Cynthia and Crina sat on either side of Sorin and he held them both close, a pack mate offering comfort to two women he loved like sisters.
Alina was wrapped in Vasile's arms, sitting in one of the larger chairs close to the fire. It had been a long time since Vasile had seen his mate lose control and it broke his heart.
Fane and Jacque sat on the couch on one end while Costin and Sally sat on the other. Though each were wrapped in strong arms they had reached across the couch to each other to grasp hands.

Sally had buried her face in Costin's chest and though she knew she should pull away she couldn't. His arms were so strong, so safe. His words whispered in her ear poured over her like healing rain. At one point she had felt his hold loosen and she thought he was releasing her. She'd wrapped her arms around his neck in a vice grip and pleaded for him not to let her go. His response had been simple yet absolute: "Never," he'd whispered against her ear. That of course made Sally cry harder, because he would leave her. Just like Jen, he wouldn't have a choice. He would find his true mate and there she would be, broken and crying again, no strong arms to hold her.
Costin's heart had broken during the same scene - he wanted to howl because he didn't know how to comfort her. So, he just kept holding her, kept telling her he would take care of her. For now, that was all he could do.

Jacque looked up at Fane and he wiped the tears from her cheeks.
"I'm so sorry, Luna. I'm just so sorry." Fane was on edge and his wolf was even worse knowing his mate was hurting so badly and knowing there was a very dangerous threat to her on the other side of that door.
"I'm going to have to call her family." She buried her face in his neck and out loud in a broken voice she cried, "What am I going to say to her parents, Fane? What can I possibly tell them about how their eighteen-year-old daughter died?"
"Shh, love. We will figure it out."
Then as if realizing it for the first time, she looked at him in horror. "Someone has to get her from him."
Fane nodded. "Yes."
"He will kill anyone who enters that room."
Fane looked at his father, who nodded.
"We are probably going to have to put Decebel down, Jacquelyn."
Jacque gasped. "You mean like a dog? You're going to euthanize him?" The outrage she felt was not only in her voice but a fire in her eyes.
"He isn't safe, Jacque." This came from Vasile. "He will not be safe to anyone anymore. The light that Jen brought to him is gone. His wolf will be out for blood - anyone's blood. He just wants vindication for his mate. And it would be natural for Decebel to die with her. That is the way of our species and the only reason he isn't already is because the Blood Rites weren't finished."
"You can't just kill him. It's not right."
"We aren't human." Vasile said firmly. "Jacquelyn, you are my son's mate and my daughter-in-law, but you are also pack and I am your Alpha. You will not challenge me."
Jacque felt Vasile's power rush over her and her head bowed in submission. She was not feeling submissive, but her Alpha had spoken and there was no fighting his words.
"Luna, it will be alright." Fane tried desperately to comfort her.
Jacque's head snapped up and she growled at her mate, "Jen is dead! Nothing will ever be alright again."
The room was quiet, Jacque's words echoing loudly in the silence. Jacque started to stand from Fane's lap, needing to get out of the suffocating atmosphere, when she heard booming laughter come from the room where Jen lay.
Immediately everyone stood. Jacque was in the lead and when she turned the knob, felt that it was locked. Fane moved her aside and turned the knob firmly. The lock snapped and he flung the door open, not knowing what to expect. One thing was for sure - it wasn't what he found.

Jacque stepped in and saw Decebel standing loosely, ready to attack anything that threatened the girl standing behind him.
The girl was Jen.
Jen peeped around Decebel, smiling, and with a nervous voice said, "Surprise."

"You were dead." Jacque's voice was shaking with anger, and hope as well. "I watched them do CPR on you and then I watched Decebel - he wouldn't let anyone near you. You were freaking dead, JENNIFER ADAMS, and all you can say is 'surprise'?"
Jen tried to push Decebel out of the way but he wouldn't move.
"Decebel, they aren't going to hurt me. Move."
Decebel stepped aside to let Jen stand beside him. When she stepped in front of him to get closer to Jacque, he wrapped a strong arm around her waist and pulled her against his chest.
Jen rolled her eyes but focused on Jacque.
"I will explain everything, Jac, I promise. Please don't be angry."
"We were sitting in there, sick to our stomachs with grief. I'm trying to figure out how to tell your parents that their little girl is dead and then we hear Decebel laughing. Hell, yes, I'm angry. When were you going to let us join your little 'hey, I'm alive' party?"
Sally stepped around Jacque and stared at Jen. She didn't say anything, she just stared. Jen didn't move. Jacque was angry, she didn't want Sally mad at her as well.
"You're okay?" Sally asked quietly.
"Yes, Sally Sue, I'm okay."
"I couldn't save you." Sally's eyes dropped to the floor, her shame evident in the slump of her shoulders.
Jen tried to get out of Decebel's grasp, but he still wouldn't budge. She looked up at him and, using their bond, growled, "Let me go to her, Dec. She needs to know it's okay, that I'm okay."
"If any of the males touch you, they forfeit their lives."
Jen blew out an exasperated breath and he finally let her go.
As she moved toward Sally, she looked around the room, making eye contact with each male as she spoke. "Attention shoppers, just a brief announcement, crazy ass werewolf on isle three. Those with an abundance of testosterone, don't touch the merchandise and you might walk out of here intact."
Jacque tried not to laugh because she was angry, but it was impossible not to because the look on Decebel's face was priceless.
"Duly noted." Vasile spoke for the group.
Jen wrapped her arms tightly around Sally and she felt her sweet, tender friend begin to cry.
"I tried, Jennifer. I tried, but you wouldn't breathe."
"It's not your fault Sally. You aren't God. Healer or not, you can't fix everything. And you have to be okay with that or you'll drive yourself crazy."
Jacque stepped up and wrapped her arms around both girls, "You know the world has gone to hell in a hand basket when Jennifer Adams is the voice of reason."
Everyone chuckled tentatively, not wanting to disturb the fragile peace that had descended.
Jen pulled back and looked at her two best friends. "So, are you done being mad at me, Jacque? And have you finished blaming my untimely death on yourself, Sally?"
"Sure, why not?" Jacque teased.
"I'm good," Sally added.
"Okay, peeps, we gots lots to discuss. I'm calling a pack meeting." Jen looked over at Vasile with a wink. "No offense, A, but I gotta lead this one. I'm in the know, and you all are in the need to know."
Vasile looked over at Decebel. "You okay?"
He nodded once. "I apologize for earlier."
"Not needed, Beta. Your mate had been taken from you, and in a cruel twist of fate you weren't allowed to follow because the Blood Rites weren't completed. I would have done what was necessary."
"And for that I will always be in your debt." Decebel bared his neck to Vasile in submission and respect.
Jen turned to her mate, took his hand, and began pulling him in the direction of the door.
"Okay, everyone kosher? Let's call this meeting to order."
Decebel rolled his eyes. "Glad to see that a little dying didn't take the smart ass out of you."
"Did you honestly think a little thing like dying would adjust my attitude?" Jen smirked at him as they all took a seat in the large room by the fire.
"I would hope not, because then you wouldn't be my Jennifer. I don't want someone who always does as they're told, or just goes with the flow. Where's the fun in that?"
Jen rolled her eyes and this time she spoke out loud. "Where indeed would be the fun in bossing a person around who just agreed to your every whim?" When she tried to sit down next to Decebel on the couch, he wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her into his lap. She cut her eyes at him. "Is this really necessary?"
"You just died, baby. If I seem a little clingy you can just get the hell over it." To Decebel's surprise, instead of a smart ass retort his mate laughed.
"Oh man, this life is going to be fun." Jen was wiping away tears while everyone looked on, still in shock that she was here before themalive, laughing.
Jen wiggled on Decebel's lap so that she was facing everyone and then looked at Peri, who was standing close to the fire with a quiet Elle, sitting on the hearth.
"I can tell them everything, right?"
"Like I could stop you," Peri snorted.
Jen nodded her head. "Good point. Okay, then. So, as you all know, I died."
"Thanks for that heads up there, Jen, we weren't really sure since you didn't have a pulse and weren't breathing," Jacque snapped, still irritated that her friend had been in the room groping her mate while she and the others had sat in the main room in serious grief.
"You done?" Jen asked, raising her eyebrows at her red-headed friend. When Jacque waved her on, Jen continued. "So, I woke up in this white room. That's the only way I know to describe it. It was white and full of light. I'm looking around, thinking I'm not in Kansas anymore, when suddenly our friendly neighborhood Fae appears."
Everyone in the room turned to look at Peri, who was looking back at them in boredom.
"So, I ask Peri if I'm dead and she, so kindly and for clarification purposes, said yes - oh, and no. I asked her if she could bring me back. She said yes, but that it would mean that we would be interfering with the fates. I politely -" Just then Peri snorted at Jen's words once again. Jen looked over at the Fae. "I was polite in comparison to my usual standards. Anyway, I told her basically that I had just been mated to a freaking hot werewolf and hadn't really made plans to die a virgin. So here we are."
Decebel had begun to choke at Jen's words and, much to everyone's surprise, was turning bright red.
Sally was shaking her head at her best friend while Jacque covered the laugh that was going to bust out at any moment.
"I did inform her that there might be consequences to defying the fates," Peri added.
"Might be?" Vasile questioned.
Peri rolled her eyes. "Might be, will be, whatever," she said with a dismissive wave of her hand.
Decebel sat up, nearly dumping Jen off his lap, having sobered up from his mate's embarrassing remarks, "What do you mean, 'might be consequences'?" He looked at Jen. "You didn't mention this." His words were a growl.  
"Well you were a little busy panting over my neck, if I recall," Jen snarled back.
"Jennifer," he said in warning.
"Jen, now might not be the best time to test his lacking sense of humor," Vasile pointed out.
Jen nodded in agreement in a show of backing off - a rare thing for Jen.
"What kind of consequences?" Decebel asked Peri.
Peri pushed off the wall she had been propped against and came closer to the group.
"Honestly, I don't know. Nor do I know when they might bestow them upon her. It could be tomorrow or it could be a century from now."
"Ooookay. Well, that sucks," Jacque muttered.
"Hey, I was dead, Jacque. I wasn't ready to be dead. I'll deal with the fates when they deal with me."
Jacque held her hands up. "I'm not saying I wouldn't have done the same thing in your shoes, Jen, I'm just saying it sucks to not know when they might drop a bomb on your head."
Decebel growled at Jacque's words, which in turn had Fane growling.
"ENOUGH!" Vasile stood and the room pulsed with his power.
"Decebel, Fane, pull it together. Now." Vasile turned his eyes on the girls. "Females, you are going to, for once, consider that your sarcasm and smart-ass remarks could possibly cause a fight between your mates. Everyone is feeling possessive and protective right now. Decebel is off the scale in those departments. So, mind your tongues."
Jen, Sally, and Jacque were all staring at Vasile and really seeing their Alpha. It was the first time he had ever really reprimanded them and it wasn't a feeling any of them were familiar with.
"I apologize, Beta." Jacque looked at Decebel, but made sure not to make eye contact. "I meant no disrespect to your mate."
Jacque's words had the desired effect. Decebel visibly relaxed.
"So now what do we do?" Cynthia spoke up from her perch on the end of the couch arm.
"Now we need to bring Rachel and Gavril here." As Peri spoke, she watched Vasile and Alina for their reaction. "Sally needs to learn what she can do. It will be up to her and Rachel to banish the witch."
"No." Costin stepped up. He had been standing quietly against the wall behind the chair that Sally occupied.
"What?" Peri snapped at the young wolf.
"Sally and Rachel cannot do this alone," Costin growled.
"And why exactly do you say that, wolf? Because you have been around for centuries and know the past, know the history of witches and healers?" Peri's words were a slap in Costin's face. He didn't back down.
"No, fairy, I'm not old, I'm not knowledgeable about the past. But I go where Sally goes. There is no negotiation on that."
It was very apparent to everyone that Peri was losing her patience with Costin. If Costin noticed, he either didn't let on or didn't care.
Sally stood up and went to Costin. She pushed him back and he reluctantly relented. After Peri had broken eye contact, he turned his attention to Sally.
"What are you doing?" she asked him.
"I'm protecting you. I told you - I will protect you no matter what."
"Why, Costin? I don't understand. I'm nobody to you other than the healer in your pack. Why all this sudden interest in me?" Sally was becoming flustered under his intense gaze. "I can't handle this. I can't get sucked into feelings that can't go anywhere. Please -" Before she could continue, Costin pulled her close and leaned down so that his mouth was next to her ear.
"I don't understand it either, and I'm sorry if my behavior is distressing to you. But I'm not going anywhere. Where you go, brown eyes, I go. I need you to trust me, Sally mine, I won't hurt you."
Sally pulled back abruptly, as if he had slapped her. "But that's just it, Costin. You will. You will hurt me. You won't mean to, but one day you will find your true mate and I will be kicked to the curb. I'm not strong like Jen and Jacque. Once my heart is given, I can't get it back. Once it's broken, it's beyond repair. How can you expect me to risk that for some crush?"
Costin snarled at her. "It's not some crush, Sally Morgan!" He had taken a step closer without even realizing it. He and Sally were so close their bodies were nearly touching. Both took heavy breaths, trying to contain their anger.
Costin lowered his voice when he spoke again. "It's not some crush. I don't know what it is. I don't understand why it's happening now. What I do know is I've never felt this for anyone and my wolf won't let you go, even if I wanted to - which I don't"
Sally lowered her eyes and shook her head. It was obvious nothing she could say would deter Costin from her. Part of her was glowing because of that, the other part was wallowing in darkness, knowing that soon all of her would be consumed by the darkness of a broken heart and broken dreams.
Without another word, Sally turned away from Costin and took a seat back in the chair. She looked over at Jacque, then at Jen. Jacque's face was one of confusion and pain for her friend; Jen's face, however... Jen's face was full of mischief and something more. Sally looked at her a little longer, trying to weed out what Jen's little wheels were turning in her mind. Then Sally realized it. It was knowledge. She had the smirk of someone who knew something that others did not. Much to Sally's confusion, she didn't really know if she wanted to know what that was.



###chapter 24
Peri turned to call Elle to her, only to realize the young Fae had disappeared.
"Excuse me for one moment," Peri told the group. She stepped out the front door and closed her eyes, reaching out to the council of her people. Her eyes snapped open when she received the information she needed. Her lips were tight as she pushed the door back open and entered the cottage.
"It appears that my people have need of Elle. I was going to send her to get Rachel and Gavril, but that obviously isn't going to happen. I must send some of you."
Vasile stood. " I will go."
"No." Peri spoke before Vasile's words were all the way out of his mouth. "You must not be compromised, Vasile."
"Can't you cloak us somehow?" Jacque asked.
Jacque noticed that Peri's lips did the tightening thing again and her eyes were glowing slightly. "It seems our friendly witch has been at work while we have been across the Veil. She has put a tracking spell on the Alps."
"Meaning?" Jen encouraged.
"Meaning anything or anyone possessing magic will produce a trail for her to follow."
"But aren't all werewolves magical?" Sally's brow furrowed.
"Yes, but dormants and half-bloods won't carry nearly as much magic on them as a full-blooded wolf."
This time Decebel dumped Jen out of his lap as he shot up off the couch before he even registered moving. "Don't even say what you are thinking."
Jen glared at Decebel as she pulled herself up off the floor.
"Okay, I'm going to forget you just dumped me on my ass since I can clearly see you are royally ticked off." Jen was standing on her tiptoes, trying to get in her mate's face. Decebel simply wrapped a big arm around her and pulled her out of the way, pushing her behind him.
"Jacque and Jen have the best chance of going undetected. Once they are with Rachel and Gavril, Rachel will be able to provide some small cloaking."
Every male in the room bristled at what Peri was suggesting.
"You want me to send two of my females into the forest - alone?" Vasile spoke slowly and his eyes began to glow. Alina placed a hand on Vasile's arm, trying to calm the Alpha.
Fane stood up and pushed Jacque behind him just as Decebel had done to Jen. Jen looked over at Jacque from behind Decebel and rolled her eyes. Jacque nodded her agreement with the sentiment.
"Maybe the decision should be up to the females in question," Jen announced from behind the wall that was her mate.
"No." Fane, Decebel, Costin, Sorin, and Vasile all spoke at one time, all in various states of amusement at Jen's comment.
Jen and Jacque were now good and pissed.
Jacque pushed her way around Fane as Jen did the same to Decebel. Each girl rounded on their mates and the room was silent as the two couples engaged in what appeared to be staring competitions. In reality, they were speaking to one another through their bonds.
"It's not happening, Jennifer. You can glare, rant and rave, cry, or stomp your foot all you want. You are not leaving this house."
Jen growled. A true growl. It only caused Decebel to smile.
Jerk, she thought to herself.
"Foreplay, baby, foreplay."
This time Jen did stomp her foot. She let out a snarl and turned to face Peri and Vasile.
"Jacque and I can do this. We aren't some helpless damsels in distress. If we aren't producing enough magic for the wicked witch to tail us, then we should be fine."
Decebel snorted behind her. "Fine? Mate, it's freezing out there. And werewolves aren't the only ones in the forest, or have you forgotten there are other things that go bump in the night?"
"You are very close to sleeping on the couch. Just want you to know that." Jen smiled to herself when she felt his shock and then his frustration at her comment. Score one for the mated/married chick who shouldn't, but could use sex as a weapon. Jen knew it wasn't nice, but, desperate times.
"That won't work on me, Jennifer. I'm not an eighteen-year-old virgin who is dying to get in his woman's pants."
Jen spun around so fast that her hair slapped any in the vicinity in the face.
"Did you really just say that?" Her hands had gone to her hips and her shoulders were pulled back.
"Oh man," Sally whispered to Crina, who had been sitting quietly beside her. "I've seen that look. You do not want to be on the other end of that look."
"You need to understand who you are mated to. I won't be manipulated so you can have your way. S-"
"You're right," Jen interrupted, "I'm glad you pointed it out to me. Since you are so experienced with the opposite sex, then there is no way me withholding it from you would bother you because you have memories of those other hussies to keep you warm at night. Thank you for that, my sweet mate. Since I know now that unlike other men who desire to be with their women," Jen sneered the word out, "you aren't easily swayed, I will have to find other things that might get this through your thick, flea-infested skull: I will not be dictated to, I will not be controlled, I will not be treated like some 18th century woman who walks two steps behind her man and only speaks when spoken to."
"Jennifer." Decebel took a step towards her.
"No, Decebel. Do not use that tone of voice with me. I'm your mate, your wife, your equal." She finished her words through their bond. "And I won't forget your words, my love. I won't forget your lack of eagerness for your woman."
"Jennifer, baby, I didn't mean I don't want you." Decebel's words fell on deaf ears because his mate had turned her back and blocked his thoughts.

The group spent the day resting and avoiding the elephant in the room. The males didn't want the females to go, the females wanted to stick hot pokers in the male's eyes. Yeah, it wasn't tense at all.
As darkness fell, one by one they all found their beds they had been sleeping in and called it a night. Throughout the day, Jen and Jacque had met eyes with Peri in looks that each understood were an unspoken message. Jen casually walked into the kitchen to get a drink before going to bed. Peri walked past and muttered, "Go into the bathroom, I will get you out." Jen didn't question how, she just got moving.
When she walked past Decebel, he stood and followed her. As they entered the room they would share, Jen thought about how she should feel weird that she was married now and her husband would be sleeping in her bed. But, she supposed, she was too angry to feel weird.
Married. The term passed through her mind. How the bloody hell am I going to tell my parents? Jen really didn't want to think about that right then, considering she had much bigger things on her plate.
Decebel took off his shirt and tossed it on one of the empty chairs. Jen let out a slow breath and tried not to drool at the well-toned body of her mate. She made a mental sigh of relief when he began to climb into bed with his pants still on. Saved by the Levi's, Jen thought to herself with a snicker.
Decebel spoke and she was surprised to hear true hurt in his voice. "Why do you continue to block your mind from me?"
"I'm mad at you."
"So, every time you are mad at me you will block me?"
"I don't know. I'm sure your punishments will vary. Variety is the spice of life."
Decebel growled at her, then quietly said, "It hurts. When you block me, it hurts me."
Jen closed her eyes at his words. She didn't want to make up yet, didn't want to feel bad for hurting him. But she did.
She climbed into bed next to him but didn't lay down. She sat with her legs crossed and looked at him. He lay on his back with his arm across his face, blocking her view of his eyes.
"Decebel, look at me." Jen tugged at his arm.
He allowed her to pull it away from his face but still didn't meet her eyes.
Jen got up on all fours and placed a hand on either side of his face so that she looked directly down at him. If he didn't want to look at her now, he would have to close his eyes. He didn't.
"I'm sorry," she said, genuinely meaning it.
Jen started to sit back up but Decebel put a hand on the back of her neck and pulled her face closer to his. He pressed his lips firmly against hers and they both sighed at the contact. Jen hadn't realized how empty she felt from not touching him all day. She leaned into him, taking the weight off her hands so she could run her fingers through his hair. Decebel growled and wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close to him. As she submitted to his kiss, she opened their bond as well and felt his relief sweep over her. She really had been hurting him. That was the last thing Jen wanted to do to her mate. Tease him, yes. Drive him crazy, absolutely. Make him sexually frustrated, duh. But never hurt him.
"I'm sorry," she told him as she deepened their kiss. She opened her mouth when she felt his tongue brush against her lips and for the first time in her life Jen wanted to act on all the things she joked about.
Decebel pulled back. As much as he wanted his mate, now was not the time. He'd caught some of the thoughts drifting through Jennifer's mind and knew they needed to stop. He needed to stop.
Decebel watched as hurt formed in Jennifer's eyes when he pushed her back.
"Baby, this isn't rejection." He chuckled at her forlorn look.
"Then what is it? Did you really mean what you said? I mean," Jen waved her hands at him to stop him from interrupting, "I know you aren't a virgin, we've already barked up that tree. But did you really have to throw it in my face, Dec? Did you have to make me feel like my own mate doesn't desire me?"
Decebel rubbed his face as he let out a deep sigh. "Jennifer, if you had any idea how much I desire you, you would probably be frightened to be alone with me. I want you - in every way. But I don't want you to use my need for you, my desire for you, against me. Not when it's to get me to disregard your safety."
He watched as she processed his words. Decebel played with a strand of her long hair and waited for her to speak.

Jen sat there, staring at her oh-so-handsome mate and chewed on his words. He did want her, and based on that kiss his desire was evident. But he didn't want her to manipulate him. She realized then that she needed to get to the bathroom so Peri could get her out. So, no manipulation, fine. She could do that. He didn't say anything about being sneaky.
"Okay." She started to climb off the bed but stopped abruptly when she realized Decebel hadn't let go of her hair.
"Okay?" Decebel looked at his mate suspiciously. "That's it?"
"Yeah, you're right. I shouldn't use sex to manipulate you. It's childish. I can admit when I'm wrong Decebel, geez. It's just it happens so rarely that it kind of catches me by surprise."
Decebel chuckled but still wasn't convinced that everything was okay with her.
Jen could tell that Decebel wasn't buying her sudden agreement, so she crawled back up on the bed and as he propped himself up against the headboard she climbed into his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him softly.
"I know I'm difficult, B. But that doesn't mean I don't know how to be reasonable. And I understand why you pushed me away."
"You do?"
"Sure, I do. You're nervous. It's been a while and you're worried about being able to live up to my expectations. It's okay, we'll go slow. I'll give you as much time as you need." Jen was nearly biting her lip she was trying so hard not to laugh at the horror on Decebel's face at her words. She knew what she was saying was a load of crap, but she just couldn't resist. She'd felt like he didn't want her. She'd been hurt when he pushed her away. It wouldn't hurt him if he thought that she thought he was actually stressing over the whole consummation thing.
"I'm going to go to the bathroom and get ready for bed. Don't worry about me, okay? When you're ready, we can explore our physical relationship." Jen started to climb off his lap as she watched his mouth open and then close. As she reached the bathroom door, she heard him growl.
"Explore our physical relationship? Nervous? Worried?" With each word his voice got louder and the growling increased. By the time Jen had closed and locked the bathroom door, Decebel was at the door jiggling the door knob.
"Jennifer, open this door."
"Decebel, seriously. Can I have some privacy? We have not been mated long enough to pee in front of each other."
She heard him grumble something under his breath but he moved away from the door.
Jen stood there, waiting. For what, she wasn't sure. Then all of a sudden, the wall next to her just disappeared. Jacque and Peri stood directly in front of where the wall had been.
"What the -"
"Shhh." Jacque motioned to Jen to lower her voice.
Jen walked over to Jacque and the Fae and the wall reappeared as if it had never vanished.
"That is freaking wicked cool." Jen grinned at Peri.
Peri rolled her eyes. "Wolves. So easily impressed."
"So, are we planning our secret op?" Jen rubbed her hands together, looking very much the part of mischievous child.
Peri motioned for them to follow her. The front door opened soundlessly and closed behind them. Jen and Jacque both expected to begin shivering, but even though there was snow all around them, they felt no cold.
"I take it you're keeping us warm?" Jacque asked with a raised eyebrow.
"I can't very well talk to you two if your teeth are chattering incessantly, it's annoying."
"Alright then, Peri-fairy, tell us how you really feel." Jen rolled her eyes.
Peri ignored the comment. "The males in your pack will never let you two go on your own."
Jacque and Jen looked at each other and then at Peri.
"Yeah, we know that much. What we don't understand is why you aren't working your mojo to bind them like you did Decebel." Jacque decided that her words must have shocked Peri because the Fae took a step back.
"You want me to bind your mates?" she asked incredulously.
A chuckle emanated from Jen. "No, silly."
Peri took an audible breath and let it out, obviously relieved.
Jen smiled in return. "We want you to bind all the males."



###chapter 25
"What exactly are you doing now?" Thad asked the witch his pack had employed for centuries. She sat in a chair in the room she called her "cave". Thad tried not to look around at the things hanging from the ceiling or staring out at him from the jars that filled the shelves lining the walls. He didn't look on the floor to see what he might be stepping on, or worse, in. Mona stared out the window as she flipped her wrist at him absentmindedly.
"I'm doing my thing. A better question would be - what are you doing, Alpha?" Mona threw it back in the Alpha's face.
"What can I do?" Thad blustered. "I don't know where they are. It's kind of hard to attack someone when you don't know their location."
"You know, Thad, beggars can't be choosers. So, you either wait patiently for me to tell you when the time is right, or I can turn you into a toad. Really, it's your choice."
Thad's face was turning an unnatural shade of red as he glared at the back of Mona's head. His thoughts from earlier swirled in his mind. What was in it for Mona?
"Mona," Thad said her name sweetly. "Why are you still helping me and my pack after all this time?"
"You know why. Protection from the Fae."
"The Fae haven't set foot across the Veil in centuries and your power is stronger than ever. Why are you hanging out with the wolves, Desdemona? What's your interest in the healer?"
Mona turned in her chair slowly. Her mismatched eyes met his. She smiled as she stood and walked toward him. Thad knew better than to back away from a predator, so he held his ground.
"Thad, Thad, Thad," Mona purred. "You know better than to question me." Mona took a long fingernail and trailed it across Thad's cheek and down his neck. She leaned close to his ear and whispered, "Don't go digging where you shouldn't or you just might find you've been digging your grave all along."
Thad didn't let her see how much her words disturbed him. He kept his face cool and devoid of emotion. She walked away with a sway in her hips and said over her shoulder, "I will contact you when the time is right. Have your wolves ready, Alpha. When this is all said and done you will have more than a little blood on your underworked hands." Just as he thought she was finished, he jumped when he heard her yell, "Oh, and GET OUT!"

Thad stormed into his pack mansion, Mona's words echoing in his head. Digging in. There was something buried that she didn't want him to know. Something about healers and what they meant to a witch. It was time for him to visit his pack archives, even as much as he hated going into the place that smelled of old parchment and dust. But he needed to know what Mona was up to. He was no fool, it was apparent now that Mona wasn't helping Thad, she was using him to achieve her own agenda. He had been blind all along. If she thought to get her hands on his healer, then she wasn't as smart as he always believed her to be. As a witch, yes, she was powerful. But it wouldn't be beyond him to make sure she got caught in the crossfire of fighting wolves. She could stand against some, but there was no way Mona could stand against two packs. Not packs with Alphas and dominants as strong as his and Vasile's. It was actually a shame that he had to rip Vasile's pack to shreds - a real shame, but necessary.

"You. Want me. To bind. All your males?" Peri's words were clipped and her face told Jen and Jacque everything they needed to know. She thought they had lost their ever-loving minds. She was probably closer to the mark than she realized.
"Yes." Jen and Jacque answered at the same time with no hesitation.
"Look, we know that they would be mad -"
"No child, mad is not the word I would use. The wrath that Vasile would rain down on me... You cannot understand. Have you not been around the dominant and Alpha wolves of the Canis lupus? You know what they are like about their females."
"Yes, yes. We get it." Jen rolled her eyes "But here's the thing, while they are so busy worrying about us poor, weak females, they are totally ignoring the fact that there is a whole, big freaking world out there that needs our help. If Rachel and Sally are the ones who can drop a house on this witch, then we need Rachel. If Jacque and I are the ones to get her here, then WE WILL DO IT. Damn the consequences. We won't let them hurt you when we get back. Just keep them bound the entire time." Jen smiled like she had just solved all their problems.
"You want me to keep them bound the entire time?"
Jen looked at Jacque, letting out an exasperated breath. "Why does she keep repeating me? Am I difficult to understand?"
Jacque shook her head. "I think we are putting her in shock, or she is going to have a panic attack or something."
Peri looked from girl to girl, at a serious loss for their request. She saw the eagerness in their eyes to help and the determination beneath that. She didn't know any other way to do this. So be it. She was going to get her ass handed to her on a platter by the males of the Romanian grey wolves. Who said she didn't like to live on the edge?
"Okay, fine."
Jacque and Jen gave each other silent fist bumps with exploding fingers.
"That's what I'm talking about, Peri! Sticking it to the man! Letting them know that they don't own you, they aren't your daddy, they can't -"
Peri slapped her hand over Jen's mouth and looked at Jacque. "How do you deal with her?"
Jacque chuckled. "She grows on you."
Peri snorted. "What, like a fungus?"
It was Jacque's turn to snort at Peri's remark.
Peri finally took her hand away from Jen's mouth - only after giving her a pointed look that said, shut your mouth.
"This is how we will do this. I'm going to put the binding curse on them now while they are asleep and can't feel it working on them. You gals are going to take the gear I give you and go through the Veil. I will give you a sort of compass that will take you to Rachel and Gavril. You must move quickly, quietly, and try to go unnoticed. Meanwhile, I will be here to incur the wrath of five very stiff, pissed-off wolves." Peri smiled and added sarcastically, "Won't that be fun!"
Peri turned to the door and closed her eyes. She began to mumble under her breath and Jen and Jacque looked on, waiting.
"So, how do you think our furry friends are going to be when they wake up and find us gone?" Jen whispered to Jacque, whose eyes were on Peri.
"Let's just say I'm glad that I'm going with you. And you do realize that if you thought Decebel was going to be bad about not letting you out of his sight before, it's fixing to be multiplied by like a million, right?"
Jen rolled her eyes. "He probably won't even let me pee alone when we get back."
"Fane won't be much better," Jacque added.
"Yeah, but Fane is so much more reasonable."
"That's just because you're married to someone from the dark ages who thinks men should hit their woman over the head and drag her back to their man cave by her hair."
"True that," Jen agreed dryly.
Finally, Peri turned back to the girls.
"It's done."

Peri got them everything they needed. Jen and Jacque were both amazed as the fairy conjured things out of thin air. Once they had warm clothes, light packs on their backs, Fae food, and water, they were ready.
"Remember," Peri told them, "quickly, quietly."
"Q squared, got it," Jen told her as they followed her to the Veil.
Jen and Jacque looked back at Peri one last time before they both stepped through the invisible shield between the two worlds.
Peri closed her eyes as the girls disappeared. What have I done? she asked herself. She was trying to decide if maybe she should just leave Alina a note explaining what she had done and then add that the Fae council needed her. Peri immediately threw that idea out of the window. She wasn't a coward. She would take responsibility for her actions. She would, however, be sure to stay out of reach of any snapping jaws.

"So, I totally feel like we should have the Mission Impossible soundtrack playing in the background as we embark on our little journey." Jen chuckled.
"Did you just say embark?" Jacque asked as she looked over her shoulder at her best friend.
"Hey, I died, I get leeway on any vocabulary improvements or issues."
"That sounds so familiar coming from you. Seems like anytime you get burned alive or die, you suddenly have a license to say anything you want."
"You're catching on, Red. You totally should have milked your catastrophes a little more."
Jacque rolled her eyes as she pulled out the pocket watch-looking apparatus that Peri had given them. All Peri said about it was that it was tuned, so to speak, to Rachel's pulse or whatever. Jen had politely told her that technicalities were not necessary as long as the damn thing worked.
"Okay, it's pointing us that way." Jacque pointed to the left, through trees, bushes, and who knew what else.
"How are we supposed to be quiet when we have to veer off the beaten path, stumbling through tree limbs, thorny bushes, and whatever else gets in our way?"
"Just try to step carefully. We can do this, Jen. For Sally, for all of us."
Jen took a breath, looking into the woods. I've died and come back, she told herself. I can stumble through some cold, dark woods. Anything should be a piece of cake after dying. right?
She nodded at Jacque and added, "I'm with you. We totally got this."
They started off into the trees, trying to be light-footed and not stumble.
"So, how are things with you and Decebel?" Jacque asked, trying to get their minds off the cold and the possibility that an evil witch was at that very moment tracking their every move.
Jen let out a whispered laugh, trying to be quiet like Peri had warned.
"You know how we argued about the whole not withholding sex as a form of manipulation?"
Jacque growled. "Yes, I can't believe he said that to you. I didn't tell Fane because he would've been very offended thinking that Decebel might've thought he just wanted to mate with me to get in my pants."
"He doesn't think that about Fane."
"He thinks I can manipulate Fane that way."
"Well, can't you?" Jen asked, raising her eyebrows.
Jacque turned red from the neck up. "Yes, but geez, he's not over a century old and been with other chicks. He's still pretty eager about the whole thing."
It was Jen's turn to growl. "Yeah, Decebel was so kind to remind me that he isn't as white as freshly fallen snow. But I'm not holding it against him. I mean, multiple decades being celibate? I would begin to wonder if he was even attracted to women."
"So, what happened when you guys went to bed?" Jacque wiggled her eyebrows at Jen suggestively.
Jen really laughed then and had to put her hand over her mouth to stifle the sound.
"Oh man, it was priceless, Jacque. I really should keep my phone on Record when we're alone. There's a whole side to Decebel that you guys don't get to see."
"Spill," Jacque encouraged.
"Okay, okay. Well, at first, I was mad, right? But then he told me it hurt him that I was blocking him. His voice was so soft, so unlike Decebel, and it really hit me hard. I don't want to hurt him, ya know? So, I relented and apologized for blocking him from my mind. We started kissing, and things were moving along, then he pulled back and pushed me away."
"What?" Jacque's mouth dropped open.
"I know, right? At first, I was hurt. It felt like rejection. I felt like he was just confirming what he had said, that he wasn't excited to be with me. But then he explained how he did really want me but didn't want to be manipulated. It was about that time that I realized you guys were probably waiting on me."
"Yeah, well, we thought you might be awhile."
"Ha ha," Jen retorted.
"So, then I decided to give my fur ball a little dose of Jen. I wasn't mad anymore, really, but I just couldn't resist."
"Spit it out already." Jacque was making a motion with her hand that punctuated her words.
"I told him that I understood that he was nervous about meeting my expectations because it had been a while for him."
Jacque stopped walking as she doubled over, trying to laugh quietly.
Jen continued despite Jacque's lack of composure. "And I told him I would go as slow as he wanted while we explored our physical relationship." She finished with a very self-satisfied look on her smug face.
Jacque kept on laughing and finally Jen gave into her own laughter after having to hold it in while she'd tortured her mate.
"Bloody hell. I wish I had been a fly on your wall. I bet his face was utterly horrified."
"Oh, he looked confused at first, but then it sank in that I was basically saying he was having trouble performing. Yeah, he was beating on the bathroom door by the time I walked away."
"Good grief, Jen, you do love to provoke an already pissed-off lion."
"How boring would life be if I just nodded my head and said, 'yes, sir'?"
Jacque snorted. "Well, my life would definitely be a whole hell of a lot more boring. You just never cease to amaze me."
They began walking again, Jacque checking the device they had deemed the LT - locator thingy.
They walked, and at times when they could feel eyes on them, they jogged through the forest. The tree limbs snagged at their clothes and their noses were pink from the unforgiving temperature, which had dropped when they'd left Peri behind.

Twenty-One Days Post-Curse

They had been walking/jogging for several hours and the morning light was just beginning to penetrate the thick cover of the trees when suddenly both girls nearly fell to their knees.
"JENNIFER!"
Jen squeezed her eyes shut against the onslaught of emotion that she felt pouring into her mind from the bond with Decebel. She opened them slowly to see Jacque doing the same thing.
"Guess they woke up," Jen said weakly.
Jacque nodded slowly and it was obvious to Jen that she was talking to Fane, and from her narrowed emerald eyes, it was apparent that she was getting a proverbial earful.

"I want to say I understand why you did this, Luna, but at the moment all I can ask is how the hell you could be so irresponsible?"
"Irresponsible? Seriously, Fane? Someone had to do it! Someone had to take the risk and the best option was Jen and I. You don't always get to be the hero. Just because you're a man and I'm a woman doesn't mean I'm not capable of doing what needs to get done."
"I DON'T CARE ABOUT BEING A HERO, DAMNIT!"
Jacque cringed at the fierceness in his voice. She'd never dealt with Fane this angry. But she knew it was anger originated from fear. He was afraid for her.
"This is about me wanting my mate safe, Jacquelyn. This isn't about me being a man and not wanting my woman to show me up, or me thinking you aren't capable. I know you are more than capable, but sometimes we have to know when to admit the enemy is more than capable. Don't you get that? You are mine to protect - mine! You have taken what is mine and put it in danger. You went behind my back when you knew I didn't want you to do this. And now you're out there where I can't protect you and I'm here unable to move, wondering if you will be alright. So please forgive me if I'm not really concerned about whether or not I hurt your feelings when I say you're being irresponsible. I love you, Jacquelyn. I'm pissed at you, but I love you. You better keep yourself safe. Imagine if we were in reversed roles. Just try to imagine that."
Jacque took a deep breath and let it out slowly. She had known he would be mad, but truly hadn't prepared herself for the force behind that anger. Though she hated making him upset and hurting him, she still felt she and Jen had done the right thing.
"I'm sorry I scared you. I'm sorry that I went behind your back. But this had to be done. I won't apologize for that. I love you, I will be safe."
"Just come back to me, love. Come back to me."

"So, how'd you sleep, babe?" Jen asked casually, fighting the very dominant and Alpha nature that Decebel was attempting to use on her.
"Come back. Now." Decebel was using the same voice Vasile used when he didn't give his wolves a choice but to obey.
"Don't do that Alpha mojo on me, B. It won't work. I'm your mate, your equal."
"After everything we've been through in the past weeks, all the hell, you leave me. You go out unprotected into a world where an evil witch and a corrupt Alpha are focusing all their energy on wiping us out. Why would you do this to me, Jennifer? How could you do this?"
Jen was biting her lip and felt blood seep into her mouth. She hadn't even realized how hard she was biting until the metallic taste hit her tongue. She cringed and closed her eyes as the memories of her pain assaulted her mind, brought on by that small reminder.
"Don't. Don't use memories to try and soften me." Decebel thought she was trying to manipulate him yet again. Now that just ticked her off.
"I wasn't trying to use my memories of the most amazing thing to ever happen to me against you. Didn't we just have this discussion last night? I told you I got it, I heard you, and I apologized. The images hit my mind because of the blood currently in my mouth." Jen winced as she realized that might have not been the brightest thing to say.
"Blood!" Decebel's voice was a deep growl. "Why are you bleeding, Jennifer?"
"I bit my lip because you are freaking me out. I feel like the worst mate in history, like I've betrayed you or something when this has nothing to do with you or us. This is bigger than us."
She felt Decebel's hands on her face.  She knew if she had been in front of him right then his lips would be so close to hers that she would feel his warm breath across her face.
"I didn't mean to imply that I felt betrayed, love. But I just got you back. I've lost you twice and I can't lose you again. I wanted to hold my wife, my mate, for the first time all night last night. I wanted to wake up and the first thing I saw to be your beautiful face. But instead I woke up realizing I couldn't move, and you weren't beside me, not even in the house. Can you please try to see where I'm coming from?"
Jen took a deep breath. She knew that she and Jacque were doing the right thing. In her gut she knew it was what they were supposed to do. But that didn't make it any easier to hurt her mate, to disappoint him and scare him.
"I can only begin to imagine how upset you were and are. Decebel, I have to do this. Jacque and I have to do this. I can't explain it but I just know that we are the ones who are supposed to get Rachel. Please trust me. Please know that I love you so much that at times I think my heart will explode. We'll be fine. We're moving quickly and being quiet."
Jen heard him snort.
She bristled. "I am capable of being quiet."
"I'm sure you are, baby," Decebel placated her. "If this is something you think you need to do and you've already left without me, there isn't anything I can do about it now, since I'm bound to this damn bed. But never again, Jennifer. Never again will you go off into danger without me. You told me that if I didn't save your friends you would never forgive me. That was a line you drew. Well, I'm drawing one now. I won't be able to forgive you if you willingly place yourself in danger with no regard as to how it will affect me. My love for you is unconditional, Jennifer, that will never change, but there has got to be mutual respect for each other's feelings. You have got to meet me halfway. Can you do that for me?"
Jen wiped the tears that were trailing down her face. Her hand was trembling and Jacque had come up and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. She tried really hard to keep the tremble out of her voice when she responded, but she could never hide from Decebel.
"Yes. I can meet you halfway."
She heard Decebel growl. "Baby, I didn't mean to make you cry. Damn!" He growled in frustration.
Jen knew that Decebel was very upset and holding on by a thread because he rarely cursed when in her presence, be it physically or through their bond. She could imagine him lying in their bed, held immobile by invisible binding. His jaw was probably clenched so tight his teeth were on the verge of breaking and his eyes would definitely be glowing. Yeah, Jen had no problem seeing her mate in her mind, unable to protect her, unable to get to her.
"I'm okay, Decebel." Jen pulled herself together, knowing that if she didn't it would only make things worse on him. "Really, I'm okay. I'm sorry that I put you in this position and for scaring you."
"You just make sure you come back to me, whole and untouched. I'm thankful that the bond is complete because now I can go with you if the worst were to happen, but I would rather be here together - alive together. So, Jennifer Anghelescu, you better bring your stubborn ass home to me."
Jen couldn't help the smile that spread across her face when he used his last name with her first. It felt right; it was right.
"I already told you, you're stuck with me. I'll be back before you know it, dancing on that last little nerve of yours. I love you, B."
"And I you, love. Do not block me from your mind at any point." Jen smiled again when he added, albeit begrudgingly, "Please."

Jen looked over at Jacque, who still had an arm wrapped around her.
"So, how'd your furry prince take it?"
Jacque shook her head, closing her eyes. "Not good. Not good at all. What about you?"
"Well, he told me he loves me."
"That's good," Jacque interrupted.
"Then he told me if I ever do something like this again, he will never forgive me."
"Ouch," Jacque muttered.
"Understatement, Thelma."
"We seem to have a lot of those." Jacque pulled out the LT again and nodded in the direction they needed to go. "Let's head out. There's nothing we can do about it now."
"Do you think Peri will leave them bound?" Jacque asked.
"She'd be stupid not to. If Decebel gets loose before we're back, he'll come after me. I could feel his resolve, Jacque. I've never heard him that mad, or felt his anger and fear like that. No doubt, if she lets him go, he will be crashing through these woods like a wolf possessed."
"I have to say that Fane would be right on his tail. No pun intended."
Jen laughed. "Oh, come on, you should always claim a pun like that when it comes at the fur balls' expense."

The girls continued on, only stopping periodically to drink water or eat the Fae food Peri had provided. It was the same food Elle had given Jacque and her group on the way to the Veil. It gave them the energy to walk all that day and into the night. Jen's toes were beginning to feel numb and her legs were so very cold. Jacque's teeth chattered as they forged ahead, determined not to stop. Several times the girls both checked in with their mates. They tried to keep those conversations short and sweet since every time Decebel or Fane used the bond it was not just to ask them if they were okay, but to also remind them how what the girls' thought was a brilliant plan fell under - according to Decebel - reckless, rash, impulsive, and idiotic as defined in the Webster Dictionary. Jen let him know that she would be looking those words up to double check his accuracy. His retort was not something Jen felt necessary to share with Jacque since it involved chains, spanking, and duct tape. If it hadn't been for the tone of voice and other, nicer words Decebel had been using, she might've been inclined to think her mate was kinky.

Midway through the second day after their departure, Jacque let out a huge sigh of relief as a cottage came into view. It was exactly as Peri had described it. Jen and Jacque approached cautiously and jumped back when the front door swung open hard, bouncing against the little house.
"Wow," Rachel let out a gasp as she looked at a completely healthy Jen. "You completed the bonding and Blood Rites?"
Jen nodded with a smile. "Yeah, he's officially tied to me for all time. Poor guy." She motioned to Jacque as she continued. "This is Jacque Lupei, daughter in-law to our Alpha and mate to Fane, son of our Alpha."
Jacque nodded and to her surprise, Rachel and her mate Gavril, who had stood silently beside his mate, both lowered their eyes and exposed their necks to Jacque in a show of submission. Jacque still wasn't sure how to respond to that gesture, so she simply said thank you.
"Okay, so we need you guys to pack up real quick-like and shove off with us." Jen smiled as she spoke.
"Peri has sent for us?" Gavril asked gruffly.
"Yes. She said it's time for you and Sally to meet and begin doing whatever it is you healers do so you can defeat the wicked witch of the east."
Rachel shook her head at Jen in mild amusement - she was beginning to understand the full force of her personality. When Jen had stayed with them, she had been so sick, so weak. The Jen before her now was full of life, spirit, dominance. She was no doubt an Alpha.
When nobody moved, Jacque spoke up. "Um, no offense, but there is a witch who has her little feelers out in the woods looking for us, so we really need to be on our way."
"Don't you think you should rest?" Rachel asked, her healing nature coming out. The girls were obviously exhausted.
"We'll sit while you two pack. But we really don't need to stay here any longer than necessary. Peri said to hightail our butts back once we got you guys." Jen brushed some snow off the ground at the base of a tree and sat, leaning her back against the trunk. She saw Jacque do the same and both girls closed their eyes, not even realizing they had dozed off.

###chapter 26
Alina could not remember a time when she had ever seen her mate this angry. She was actually kind of glad that Peri had not broken the binding spell. At one point the snarling, growling, and even howling had been so loud from the five dominant wolves that Crina, Alina, Cynthia, and Peri had gone outside. Alina grinned as she remembered just how well that went over with her mate.  Last night she had lain beside him, trying to appease his wolf. Vasile's eyes had been glowing brighter than she had seen them in a long time and his voice guttural - the wolf had been in control. She'd made sure to keep skin-to-skin contact, doing her best to soothe him. Alina knew her mate would never hurt her, but even her touch couldn't placate Vasile or his wolf. Jen and Jacque were in for an earful when they returned and they would be lucky if Alina could keep their punishment mild.

Cynthia looked at Crina, who was sitting across from her on the couch. They tried really hard not to chuckle at the grumbling wolves still stuck on their beds, but it was extremely difficult.
"Do you want to take bets on whether or not Vasile will let their mates tie them up and paddle them like children?" Crina halfway joked.
Cynthia snorted. "Vasile will be lucky if he can stop those two Alphas from chaining their mates to their sides. Jacque and Jen did not grow up in a pack; they have underestimated the protective and possessive nature of dominant and Alpha wolves. This is something that neither of them will be able to flirt their way out of."
Crina nodded in agreement, knowing firsthand how protective wolves were. She wasn't mated, but when she had lived with her parents her father barely let her or her mother out of his sight. It really was ridiculous. Crina had long ago decided that she would never let her mate boss her around or dictate to her. But, as she watched these newly mated pairs in action, she was beginning to think it was a lost cause.
 A leopard can't change its spots, after all.

Decebel laid in the bed he should be sharing with Jen and stared up at the ceiling. His chest rumbled with a growl as his wolf reminded him that their mate was out from under their protection and he was beyond angry. Decebel didn't think he had stopped growling since he realized Jennifer was gone two days ago. He had been a constant presence in her mind, making sure she kept their bond open and remembered to check in with him. Now, as he waited to hear from her, he pushed a little to get in and realized that her mind was still. Like she was asleep. She had told him they weren't going to stop to sleep, that Peri had given them some sort of food that kept them energized without feeling the effects of the lack of rest and sleep. So why was she asleep now?
"FANE!"
Decebel and Fane had taken to yelling to each other to see how their mates were doing and see if one was being more forthcoming than the other. So far, the girls had been sharing the same information.
"I FEEL IT TOO."
"THEY'RE ASLEEP," Decebel confirmed.
Peri came storming into Decebel's room and her eyes were alight with worry.
"Asleep?"
Decebel nodded, weary of the look on the Fae's face.
"What's wrong Peri, why is that a bad thing?"
"Wake them up now!" she nearly growled at him.
"FANE, WAKE YOUR WOMAN UP." Decebel told his pack mate, then turned his thoughts to Jennifer.
"Jennifer, you must wake up! Now."
He waited to see if she would respond. He could feel her stirring, but she still slept on.
"JENNIFER!" He snarled at her and imagined tugging her beautiful blonde hair just enough to get a reaction.
"What the hell, man! You don't have to get violent - or is that just another form of foreplay for you?"  Her voice was strong in his mind. She was okay.
"You need to wake up. You must not sleep."
"Why? What's the big deal? We've made it to Rachel's and we're waiting on them to pack some things. Jacque and I pulled up some ground against a tree and dozed for a moment. We have been going nonstop for two days, Decebel."
Decebel looked at Peri. "Why can't they sleep?" He made sure she understood it wasn't really a question so much as a command.
"What little magic they have will leak out of them while they sleep. It's unconscious, but they can't prevent it."
"Why didn't you bother to tell them this when you sent them out to their possible demise?" Decebel couldn't contain his snarl.
"Jennifer, magic slips from you while you're sleeping."
"Crap," he heard her mutter. "Well, that can't be good. By the way, I do realize that is an understatement."
"Tell her she needs to get Rachel to put a cloaking spell on them. I taught it to her," Peri urged him.
"Baby, Peri says to get Rachel to put a cloaking spell on you guys. Then haul your beautiful butt back here."
"Aw, does Peri really think I have a beautiful butt? You will have to break it to her that I'm taken."
Decebel tried to suppress his chuckle, but he failed. He was smiling as he told her to hurry up. I love you.

"Rachel." Jen stood up from the spot she had been holding in place. "Peri says you need to cloak us. Jacque and I fell asleep and she said our magic leaks out when we sleep. So now that fun witch of ours might know where we are."
Rachel began muttering under her breath, her eyes closed. Jen and Jacque shivered as they felt an unnatural coolness brush against their skin.
"Done," Rachel told them.
Jacque stood up and stretched. "So, Dec wake you up too?"
"Yeah, the punk pulled my hair."
Jacque laughed. "Fane tried a different form of coercion." She smiled suggestively and winked at Jen, who politely flipped her off.
"We're ready," they heard a gruff voice say.
"Great!" Jen smiled at them, and Rachel chuckled as they started off at a brisk pace. Jacque once again pulled out the LT and whispered "the Veil" to it. Peri had said this would allow the device to point them back in the direction they needed to go.
Gavril quickly took the lead - a result of the whole Alpha thing, Jen decided. He set a quick pace and a couple of times Jen and Jacque eyed each other, wondering which of them would pass out first.
"I am so out of shape," Jacque wheezed out as they continued at a light jog.
"I'm in shape." Jen grinned. "It's called curvy."
"That's not a shape, Jen," Jacque told her dryly.
 "It is on me."
Rachel and Jacque laughed at Jen but never slowed their pace.
They jogged, they walked briskly, and they jogged some more. Gavril was relentless in his focus. He let them walk slowly at one point so they could drink and eat the Fae food, which Jacque and Jen were quickly tiring of.
Their first night in the woods came around quickly. Jen pulled out her phone to check the time - her battery was dangerously close to dying. She would have to get Peri to charge it for her, she decided with a grin. That grin was quickly wiped off her face when out of the dark sky a large bird swooped in, claws forward, straight at Jen.
Jen stumbled back, throwing her arms up in the air in an attempt to keep the bird from scratching her eyes out of her head.
"What the crap was that about?" Jen growled as Gavril and the others came to a stop. They all eyed the sky wearily, waiting to see if that had been a fluke or if the bird had been under someone else's power. They didn't have to wait long for their answer.
A loud rumbling rolled across the sky and the air began to move, rushing over their heads. The sound got louder and louder. Their eyes all widened as they realized what was causing the noise. A hundred or more birds were flying straight at them.
"RUN!" Gavril yelled. "Deeper into the cover of the trees!"
Jen and Jacque didn't have to be told twice. They both took off at a sprint, their arms thrown over their heads, waving wildly. Jen was sure they looked like crazy chicks, running through the woods with birds chasing them.
Jacque looked back over her shoulder to see if the birds were still pursuing them. Her stomach dropped when she saw that it was no longer just birds.
"Gavril," she hollered over to the male wolf, who was trying to stay in between them and the pursuers. "The birds have friends!"
Gavril looked behind him and cursed.
Jen's curiosity got the better of her fear so she too looked over her shoulder. "Holy -"
Jen was cut off by Jacque's stern warning. "Jen."
"Sorry. I mean, bloody hell!"
"Better," Jacque approved.
"Are those -" Jen kept glancing back as she ran, trying desperately not to meet a tree face to face.
"Big ass wild boars?" Jacque finished for her.
"Well, I was going to say big ass pigs, but we can go with wild boar if you'd like."
"Yes, that's what those are. And they have tusks. Big, deadly tusks," Jacque added.
Gavril pointed at a drop off that was to their left. Jen had been trying to avoid it, but apparently Gavril had other plans.
"Slide down it!" he yelled, and Jen and Jacque watched in horror as Rachel fell gracefully into a slide from her steady running - worthy of a professional baseball player - and went over the ledge.
Jen and Jacque came to a halt right at the edge of the drop off. They looked down and watched as Gavril and Rachel slid, rolled, and slid some more.
Jen looked back behind her as the ground began to shake - what she had deemed as the BAWB were getting closer. She looked over to Jacque and shrugged. "Die by being mauled by the BAWB tusk, or die by drop off. I will always choose the latter." She grabbed Jacque's hand and pulled her down to her butt. Jen then gave a huge shove that pushed them both over the edge.
They were falling. Their backs hit the steep hill and they slid, clothes being pulled by anything in their path, cuts appearing across their faces as branches slapped them. They slid, and slid some more, finally coming to an abrupt halt at the feet of a dirt-covered healer and Alpha.
"Get up, we have to keep running." Gavril pulled Jen to her feet while Rachel helped Jacque up. Once on their feet, Gavril turned and began running again. Jen and Jacque didn't bother looking back up to see if the boars had decided to take flight. They took off running, going faster than they ever had before.
"How did she find us so quickly?" Gavril asked his mate as they ran. He was looking for an opening in the mountain, a place they could squeeze into and take cover.
"I don't know. I thought my cloak was still holding."
Gavril once again began hearing the telltale sound of flapping wings. He picked up speed, motioning with his arm for the others to do the same. Finally, as they rounded a sharp curve around the side of a cliff, there was the break Gavril had been looking for - an opening that looked like a vertical cut in the mountain. It would be a tight squeeze, but that was better than being out in the open.
"Quickly, into the opening." Gavril stopped to point the girls in the direction of the opening.
Jen squeezed in, followed by Jacque, Rachel, and finally Gavril. It wasn't very deep but it went far back enough that Gavril was able to back away from the opening. They watched the shadows of the birds in the moonlight as they flew over and past them. They all let out a collective breath.
"That won't be the end of it," Gavril told them.
Rachel grabbed some twigs and leaves off the rocky bottom of the opening, piling them together. She placed her hands over them and with a whispered word, a fire jumped up from the pile.
"Wicked." Jen smiled.
"The fire will help deter animals," she explained.
Jacque and Jen sat down, both still trying to catch their breath.
"So, what exactly was that?" Jen asked in between breaths.
"She's found us," Rachel answered solemnly. "She's using the animals against us. She will use the weather as well. She is very powerful."
"Okay, so what are we going to do?" Jacque asked rather calmly.
"We need Peri. I cannot fight her."
"Okay, well Jacque and I will talk with our men and get Peri the fairy here."
Rachel's lips quirked up on one side, "Does she know you call her Peri the fairy?"
Jen winked at her, "You know it."

"Hey, B?"
"Jennifer." The relief in his voice made Jen's stomach do funny things. She tried to ignore that and focus on what was important, like staying alive.
"We need Peri to come and save our butts."
"What? Why? What's happened? Are you okay?"
"I'm fine, but we were just chased by some crazy birds and then some BAWB." Jen pronounced her acronym for the boar as "bob", and grinned when Decebel asked what the hell a bob was.
"Big ass wild boar. Jacque's words. That's not important, what's important is the witch has our location on her radar and we need Peri to bring the rain."
"I really wish you would talk in English and not TV military lingo."
"Fine. The witch found us. Tell Peri to get her butt here and do her thing. Better?"
"Yes."
"It doesn't sound near as cool," Jen grumbled.
"And cool is definitely what we are worried about since your life is at stake," Decebel snapped back at her.
"Just go tell that fairy."
Jen waited for Decebel's response, assuming he was talking with Peri and the other wolves.
"We're on our way."
"WHAT? No, Decebel. You can't fight her."
"Baby, you doubt my mad fighting skills, I'm hurt," he teased. Peri must have unbound him if he was teasing. "Be there soon."
This was not what Jen was trying to accomplish. She didn't want Decebel out here, vulnerable to the witch and her evil schemes.
"Relax, love. I'm bringing the rain with me." And just like that he was gone. He didn't close off their bond, but he made it clear he wasn't going to discuss this any further.
Jen looked over at Jacque's sour face.
"Let me guess, Fane's on his way?" Jen asked dryly.
"What is with them! Why can't they just listen to us? All we ask is to tell Peri to come and instead they hear, 'come save me, my furry hero'. I mean, seriously."
"I'm with you. But they are about as cooperative as we are. You know what that means?"
"That they will never listen to a dang thing we say," Jacque answered
"Right you are, my red-headed sidekick. Right you are."
"Peri will not let the wolves leave unless she has a plan," Gavril told them. He stared out of the opening into the dark night.
"Well I hope it's a good one because Fane and Decebel are walking right into the witch's path. They should bring flowers and chocolates since they are throwing themselves at her feet," Jen growled.
A sudden flash of light blinded the four, then again when the darkness returned just as suddenly.
Jacque, Rachel, and Jen all stood up and watched a tall guy who appeared to be in his mid-twenties walk into the small cave. He had shaggy, sandy brown hair and steel colored eyes. Next to him was a girl they quickly recognized as Elle.
Elle smiled at Jacque and Jen, and greeted Rachel with a hug, as if she were an old friend. The guy took Rachel's hand and, with Gavril growling, leaned down and kissed it. He glanced up at Jen and Jacque and winked.
Jacque rolled her eyes. "There's trouble."
Jen nodded in agreement. "With a capital F H."
"Trouble starts with T, Jen."
"Yes, but freaking hot starts with F H."
Jacque snorted. "Man, your mate is gonna have his hands full."
"Did your eyes get gouged out when you bonded with Fane?" Jen asked, turning to look at Jacque.
"No." Jacque smiled.
"Well, neither did mine. I'm not undressing the guy with my eyes, I'm just appreciating the eye candy he brings into the world."
"Hello, ladies. I'm Adam." He grasped Jen's hand, leaned down, and just as he did with Rachel's, he kissed it. Jen tried not to blush but, crap, she was female and he was hot.
Adam's eyes seemed to watch everything around him at once. Though he was flirty, he was no doubt deadly.
Adam did the same to Jacque and, much to Jen's relief, Jacque blushed candy apple red as well.
"Elle and I are the cavalry," he informed them with a broad smile.
Elle stepped up next to him and smiled. "You ladies ready to do battle?" She handed out small throwing knives to each of them.
Jen grinned wickedly. "Hell, to the yeah!"
"Um, Elle, Jen shouldn't be allowed to play with knives," Jacque said cautiously.
"These knives are special." Elle grinned. "These knives are enchanted in such a way that they will only hit what you intend them to. You can't miss. And doesn't matter where you hit, each hit is fatal."
"This is so freaking cool! I mean, like Lord of the Rings cool." Jen's eyes lit up as she took the throwing knife.
"Jen, probably not real kosher to compare them to a movie."
"My bad." Jen smiled sheepishly.
Adam smiled at them. "Elle said you guys were weird. She wasn't kidding."
Jen and Jacque glanced at Elle, who had turned red. "I really was kidding," she said with raised eyebrows.
"Hey, we aren't offended when someone speaks the truth. No worries. Now, if you had said I was sweet, or that Jacque had boobs - well, then we'd be offended."
"Jennifer Adams, I know you did not just say that." Jacque glared at her grinning, completely remorseless friend.
"I don't know who you're speaking to, Red. My name isn't Jennifer Adams."
"Whatever," Jacque snapped.
"So, are we going to get this party started or what?" Jen asked Elle.
Elle nodded. "We're the bait."
Gavril stepped up and grimly looked at Elle. "Peri wants us to distract the witch until the wolves can make it to us."
"Exactly."
"Why did she let the imbeciles go in the first place?" Jacque grumbled.
"Because Peri knows when to say when. Vasile's power was rolling through the house, threatening to bring it in on their heads, Fane was threatening Peri, and Decebel was threatening to eat every Fae that crossed his path from then on."
Jen gasped. "No, he didn't!"
Jacque rolled her eyes at the thought of Fane threatening the powerful Fae.
Elle nodded. "When they found out you guys were under attack, that was their breaking point." She shrugged. "Everyone has one."
"Okay, what's the plan, Stan?" Jacque asked pointedly, trying to get everyone back on board.
"Who's Stan?" Rachel, Gavril, Adam, and Elle all asked in unison.
Jacque and Jen groaned.
"We are so going to have to have a class on American sayings and slang," Jen muttered.
Jacque tried again. "What do we need to do?"
"Right," Adam started. He pointed to the ground and suddenly a large pile of knives like the ones Elle had handed the girls appeared. "You guys will go out and let the witch get a lock on you. Take some knives. When her minions begin to attack, we start our assault. Just think about where you want the knife to go and throw it. Try to hide behind the trees and stay out of their direct line of sight. Keep the animal between you and the trees so you can make it back to rearm yourselves. If she sends the birds, hold the knife up as the bird swoops in - any break in the skin will kill it. Got it?" He looked at them expectantly.
Jen nodded and bumped fists with Jen. "I'm going straight up Rambo in here."
Jacque grinned, she couldn't help getting into the fighting spirit when Jen was so eager. "Let's do this."
 Jacque and Jen grabbed several knives and headed out with Gavril and Rachel at their heels.
The six stood about twenty feet in front of the opening to the small cave. Their eyes narrowed as they scanned the skies and the woods in front of them. Adam and Elle snuck off in opposite directions, seeming to melt into their surroundings, while Jen and Jacque took up fighting stances, which they'd learned in the self-defense training during the Gathering. Gavril kept lifting his nose in the air, taking deep breaths and cocking his head to the side as if listening closely for something. Rachel stood straight and looked fearless with a knife in each hand.
The trees and surroundings seemed to grow eerily still as they waited, watching to see what Desdemona had up her sleeve. They still hadn't spoken her name out loud even though she already had power over them. None of them seemed to be willing to give her any more by speaking her name into the wind.

Jen looked down. She felt the ground begin to tremble. The jarring emanating from the earth was moving up her legs and became so rough that her teeth nearly rattled in her mouth. She looked over at Jacque. "BAWBs?"
Jacque shrugged. "Whatever it is, it can't be good."
"Is anything that causes earthquakes ever good, Jac?"
Before Jacque could answer, their heads whipped around as the sounds of crashing and cracking became audible. They watched bushes, low-hanging tree branches, and clumps of snow being tossed up as the BAWBs came barreling toward them.
"DON'T HESITATE!" they heard Adam holler as they saw a flash of light. Then two of the boars were hit with what seemed to be a ball of flame. They crashed into the others, and several fell while they struggled around them, attempting to continue their charge.
Without thinking, Jen picked out one of the BAWBs and threw a knife. Her eyes widened when the knife embedded itself in the boar's forehead, bringing the animal down in an instant. It slid on its side until its momentum finally stopped. That seemed to wake everyone else up from their shock. Gavril bellowed a loud snarl and phased into his wolf form, running headlong into the scourge. Rachel, like Jacque, had thrown her knives and was already running back to the cave to rearm.
Jen grinned wickedly as she watched Jacque throw two knives back to back, then holler, "Score!" when two boars came crashing down.
Jen realized that Elle and Adam were using their Fae magic instead of knives. That was where the balls of fire - which kept taking out boar after boar - were coming from. She couldn't help thinking that it would be so much easier to throw fire than having to keep running back and get more knives, but she wasn't going to complain under the circumstances.
Jacque was coming back from her fourth trip for weapons when everything was still again.  
"Is that it?" Jacque asked as they all looked at the carnage before them. Burned and bloodied bodies of wild boars scattered the ground. Jen cringed when she saw Gavril in his wolf form, licking his muzzle.
"That was a test," Elle answered as she stepped from the shadows of the forest.
"More will come," Adam added.
"Okay, no offense, but you guys are kind of creeping me out with the monotone, short responses," Jacque told them as she turned slowly in a circle, her eyes bouncing from the sky to the ground and back again.
Adam walked over to the pile of knives, which had taken a dent from the battle. He held out his hand and muttered something under his breath and more knives appeared.
Jacque shook her head and snorted. "I would be a cow if I could do that and conjure cupcakes up anytime I wanted to in mass quantities like that."
Adam looked at her with his head cocked to the side. "Do cows like cupcakes?"
Jacque rolled her eyes and let out a loud breath, waving him off. "Never mind, Legolas. I forget that my sarcasm and witty banter is wasted on your pointy ears."
This time Adam was shaking his head, but he didn't have a chance to respond before the sky around them grew dark. The flapping of wings filled the air around them. The sky above them was pitch black, making whatever was flying invisible. As they all craned their necks back and narrowed their eyes, trying to pierce the darkness above them, Jen realized what it was they were hearing.
"Bloody hell, those are bats!"
The bats began dive-bombing the group. Gavril jumped into the air and snatched one in his jaws. He crushed it and spat it out, only to continue the process again. Adam and Elle were once again shooting fireballs and Rachel, Jen, and Jacque were holding their knife-wielding hands in the air, stabbing at anything that came their way. Wave after wave of the nocturnal creatures swarmed and dove at the group. Jen, Jacque, and Rachel had formed a back-to-back circle with each other so that none of them was left with a vulnerable side.
Jen didn't know how long it had been since the first of the bats, but she was beginning to get really ticked off. The ground was growing black, covered with the bodies of dead bats - which they were killing just as quickly as they could. However, with every bat that fell another replaced it.
"Is she breeding the damn things?" Jen yelled.
"She can command them to come from all over." Rachel spoke over the flapping wings.
"How long can this go on?" Jacque shouted over to Elle who, like Adam, had her back to a tree and was aiming her hands at the sky, sending flashes of light and balls of flame at the unrelenting bats.
"Until we're weak enough for her to kill," Elle answered honestly.

###chapter 27
"Vasile, you cannot wait any longer," Peri told him firmly. "You must call the other packs; you must remind them of what happened during the werewolf wars. They have to remember why a witch cannot get her hands on a healer!"
Vasile stood, staring into the dancing flames of the fire. He was still angry over Peri binding him and his wolves. Alina had kept him from doing anything stupid, but his wolf wanted to teach that Fae a lesson: you don't mess with an Alpha or what belongs to him. Alina had told him to look at the bigger picture and to get over himself. He'd snorted to himself and thought, not for the first or last time, that the American girls really were rubbing off on his mate.
"So, you think I should call on them?" he asked her.
"You cannot defeat both Thad and Desdemona without their help."
He looked up from the fire at Peri. The stern lines etched across her forever-young face seemed to be deeper today. She held his stare and he knew she wasn't challenging him - she was imploring him.
"This battle will happen on my terms, where I choose." Vasile had read the history of the wars and knew it would be a tactical error to let his enemy pick the battleground or time.
"Then you had better ready your troops and begin getting your players into position." Peri held out a phone to him. Vasile took it from her and, without hesitating, began calling the Alphas from Hungary, Bulgaria, and Colorado as well. He brought them up to speed on all the happenings over the past four weeks and - with Peri barking in his ear - explained the possible outcome if Desdemona and Thad weren't dealt with.
After an hour-long conference call with the three other Alphas, it was decided they would meet at the tavern in three days' time. That would give Dillon and the members of his pack that he would bring with him time to get there. From the tavern, they would make the final preparations and decisions on where to mount their attack.
Vasile got in contact with Skender, who he had left in charge at the tavern, and explained that the other packs would be arriving and that he needed to help Nicolae set up. A lot of wolves were about to descend on that small building.

Sally stood, wearily looking out the second story window from the room she had been sharing with Cynthia and Crina. She watched as the snow fell and blanketed the landscape - which, despite knowing it wasn't - looked identical to her world. She was tense and worried, wondering what was happening to her friends. She was hurt that they hadn't confided in her that they were leaving. For the first time in the history of their friendship, Sally felt left out, like she didn't fit, and it hurt. She wiped the tear away that escaped her eye.
Suddenly strong arms came around her from behind and pulled her back against a firm, warm chest. She knew she should probably refuse his comfort - she was already going to be nursing a broken heart when Costin lost interest in her - and she shouldn't encourage him, but she needed him. She turned in his arms and wrapped her own around his neck and laid her head against him. She listened to his heart beating and the slow, steady breath that made his chest rise and fall. Something in her reached out to him, craved him, and she was so tired of fighting it.
"Why didn't they tell me?" she whispered.
"They didn't want to put you in a position that would compel you to lie."
Sally pulled her head back to look up at his bright, hazel eyes. "Did they tell you?" Her voice revealed the hurt such a revelation would cause.
"No, Sally mine, they didn't tell me. But I've been around you three long enough to have an idea of how much you guys care about each other. They knew you couldn't go with them. My thought is that they knew Vasile would question you first and they didn't want you to have to lie to your Alpha."
"But shouldn't they have let that be my decision?" Sally tensed in his arms. As if he knew she was going to pull away, he grasped her tighter.
"Maybe. But it's done now. I don't think they meant to hurt you or make you feel alienated."
"How do you know that's how I feel?" She ducked her head back to his chest, not wanting him to see the vulnerability in her eyes.
"I don't really know how to explain it." Costin raised his hand to run through her hair. Then he lowered his head so he could speak directly next to her ear. "Something inside you calls to me," he whispered softly. "It's like my soul is reaching for yours and, like a magnet, you draw me to you. My wolf has claimed you and is tuned in to your every breath. I feel your hurt, I feel your discouragement, and all I can think about is how to make you feel better, or who to kill to make sure you don't ever feel this way again."
"That's a pretty good explanation." Sally smiled against his chest. She appreciated his candidness.  
"Costin?"
"Yes?"
"Are you not worried about these feelings that are between us or why they're there?" Sally pulled back again so she could look into his eyes when he answered.
He brushed the hair away from her face and smiled. "No, I'm not worried."
"Why not?"
"Nothing in this world seems to be set in stone. Fairies, werewolves, witches, and the like exist, meaning anything is possible. So why couldn't you be mine?"
Costin's eyes began to glow. She shuddered when she asked, "But what if I'm not?"
Costin pulled her close and leaned down just a little to look into her honey brown eyes. "Until the universe tells me different, you are."
Sally laid her head back on his chest and tried to breathe normally. Her heart was beating rapidly and her stomach was in knots. She wanted to be Costin's, she wanted that more than she cared to admit. She closed her eyes and took comfort in his arms as she worried for her friends and their mates, and for this quiet moment in this enchanted land, she pretended that she was his and he was hers.

Peri stood just outside the room Sally and Costin were talking in. She had come to check on Sally, knowing she must be worried and upset. When Peri heard Sally ask Costin how he felt about their feelings toward each other, she was curious to hear Costin's answer. Costin seemed like a very content spirit, a comfortable person to be around, one who set others at ease. He was a good match for the healer. She was not surprised to hear him tell Sally that he wasn't concerned about what seemed to be going on between them. Peri imagined Sally was confused because, from what she knew, only Canis lupus could mate with each other. She didn't know about the gypsy healer loophole. It wasn't time for either of them to know.
Peri wanted to speak with Jen to see if Rachel had divulged that information to her while she'd been in Rachel's care and, if so, to make sure that Jen didn't tell Sally or Costin. Peri knew the consequences would be severe if Costin tried to claim Sally before it was time. She eased away from the door when they grew quiet and left them to comfort one another as only they could - though, they didn't know that yet.

Decebel pushed himself faster, feeling Fane just behind them as they ran through the dark forest. The snow glistened wherever the moon hit it through breaks in the tree cover. His breathing was even and he could see it fog into the air as the heat met the cold. Upon starting out from the tavern, he had called on his wolf to use his sight, hearing, and speed. They had been running for hours, and though Decebel imagined he should be tired, he wasn't. All he could think about was getting to Jennifer. He could feel her when he reached out for her mind, but he didn't want to distract her in case she was having to battle the witch's minions. Peri had said she would make sure that Jennifer and the others would have help and, although Decebel's wolf still wanted to eat the Fae for binding him and allowing their mate to run off, he trusted her.
"How are you holding up?" Decebel spoke low, knowing that Fane's wolf hearing would catch his words.
"Will be better when my mate is where she belongs."
"Shackled to your side?" Decebel teased, only somewhat joking.
Fane chuckled. "And just what do you plan to do with Jen?"
Decebel growled. "I haven't decided yet, but so far none of the things I've thought of would be approved by our Alpha."
That brought a snort of laughter from Fane, which was abruptly cut off when they saw a flash of light fly through the air. Decebel and Fane came to an abrupt halt and listened.
"Do you hear that?"
"Sounds like beating wings. Lots of them," Fane answered.
Decebel took a deep breath in through his nose. His eyes snapped open and a loud howl broke free. He lunged forward and Fane was right behind him. The two wolves hit the ground in stride and headed toward the sound of battle and the scent of their mates.

"Bloody hell, if I never see another bat again it would be too soon," Jen snarled as she sliced another black-winged devil from the sky. Her arms were aching from being raised and her head felt like lead weight on her exhausted neck.
"Seriously," Jacque agreed breathlessly.
Elle and Adam were steadily doing the fireball thing and still looking as fresh as the moment they had walked into the small cave nearly twelve hours ago. Periodically, Rachel, Jen, and Jacque would take turns running into the cave and resting. Jacque and Jen would run past each other and slap each other's hands, joking about tag teaming. Rachel kept giving them looks that made it clear that she wasn't sure if Jen had retained any brain cells through her ordeal. Gavril continued to fight in his wolf form, and Jen and Jacque had both made comments to Rachel about him having amazing stamina for his age. To their surprise and Jen's absolute delight, Rachel responded with a sly, "You know what they say about a wolf's stamina in battle..."
Jacque had choked on her laugh and Jen had winked at Rachel and said, "I don't know what they say but I'll bet it has to do with s-e-x." She had spelled out sex in a singsong voice. Rachel had blushed but smiled and returned the wink.
Jacque decided that this was all way more humorous to them because they were deliriously tired and aching all over - that, and things often seemed funnier when you didn't know if you were going to live to see the next day.
Jen was taking her turn in the cave when she heard a howl pierce the pre-dawn darkness. She ran outside. She knew that howl, would know it anywhere.
Soon she stood out in the forest with the others, holding her breath. She squinted, trying to look through the trees for her mate. When a bat would dive at her it was nearly second nature to raise her arm in the air with the knife clasped in her hand. Then, like an avenging angel, Decebel in his wolf form tore through the trees with Fane on his heels. They both lunged into the air snapping at the bats and tossing them from their mouths as they crushed them one after another. Jen watched in awe as her mate's strong form moving with such agility for one so large. Deciding that they would be out here forever fighting off these stupid bats, she whistled. When everyone looked in her direction, she motioned toward the cave. It was going to be a tight squeeze, but they would make do.
"Come on, fur ball. We need to talk," she told Decebel as she headed into the cave, followed closely behind by Jacque and Rachel.
The three wolves trotted inside and Adam and Elle brought up the rear. They cast some sort of fire shield at the opening of the cave that kept the bats from entering.
"Hey, that's pretty freaking handy." Jacque motioned to the shield.
"Being Fae has its perks." Adam winked.
Fane growled at him and stepped in between Jacque and the Fae.
"Chillax, wolf-man," Jacque told him out loud. "He's on our side and he and Elle saved our bacon, so don't go threatening him."
"Are you unharmed?" Fane asked her gently as he continued to eye the unknown male.
"I'm fine. Just tired. Adam is also fine. He's just a flirt."
"Well then, I shall teach him how not to be," Fane snarled.
Jacque rolled her eyes at her mate and tugged hard on his tail. Fane snapped his head around and growled at her. She raised her hands in surrender. "Behave if you don't want your tail pulled." She glared at him.
Jen sat down on the ground, her body aching all over. Decebel came over and sat down right in front of her. In his wolf form, with her seated, his head was taller than hers even with him sitting on his haunches. His eyes met hers and he lifted a lip in a snarl.
"You will never leave me again," he told her through their bond.
Jen leaned into him and wrapped her arms around him. Decebel let out a low grumble in his chest.
"I'm sorry, Dec, I really am. I'm so tired. Can you change so you can hold me?"
"There is nothing more that I would love to do than hold you, but I have no clothes to put on once I change. We need to discuss what Vasile has asked us to do."
Jen released his neck and sat back a little. She looked at each wolf and then the others.
"Okay, I understand that you guys will be naked when you change. So, we girls will look the other way while we all talk because, frankly, I'm too tired to repeat everything Dec tells me and I'm sure Rachel and Jacque are just as exhausted. We all in agreement?"
Everyone nodded their heads and the wolves each let out subtle woof-like noises. Rachel, Jacque, Jen, and Elle all stood and faced the back of the cave while the men phased.

Jen nearly jumped out of her skin when she felt Decebel's lips on her neck and his arms come around her.
"Crap, man! I survived the stupid BAWBs and the bats and you're trying to scare me to death?"
"Sorry, baby. I couldn't just stand there looking at you and not touch you. You've been gone two days. I didn't know -" Decebel was growling again. "Never again.," was all he could finish with.
Jen turned and wrapped her arms around his neck. She looked into his glowing amber eyes. "I think we've established that I am never to pull this kind of stunt again. Anything else you want to say to me, babe?"
Decebel leaned down and kissed her gently. He nuzzled her nose with his and whispered, "I love you."
Jen smiled. "Much better."
Adam cleared his throat and Jen looked around Decebel to see that Fane had Jacque in his arms and Gavril had Rachel in his. She winked at Decebel and then pushed him until his back was against the wall. Then she turned in his arms again so her back was against his chest.
"Now nobody can see your manly bits," she told him with a smile.
Decebel chuckled and shook his head. Each of the other couples assumed similar positions and finally everyone was facing each other, but all-important body parts were covered.
"Now that the reunions are done and everyone has so graciously clothed themselves with their mates -"
Adam was interrupted with three low growls. He held up his hands and smiled. "Kidding. Geez, I forgot how touchy Alpha males are," he said, looking at Elle.
"What's the plan, Dec?" Jen asked.
Decebel pressed his nose into her hair and took comfort in her scent before he spoke.
"Vasile has asked us to meet him in the village back at the tavern. Before I left, he mentioned that he might call in the other packs for their aid against the witch and Thad."
Jacque stiffened. "Is he going to call my dad?"
Fane pulled her tight against him. "Probably, Luna."
Jacque nodded, knowing that if Vasile was willing to endanger the other packs, it was because there was no other way.
Elle stepped forward and kept her eyes averted from the males as a show of respect as she spoke. "I think the girls need to rest before we leave, even if just for a few hours. Adam and I can keep watch here at the entrance."
Decebel nodded his agreement. "We can spare a few hours for them to sleep."
Jen's head fell back against Decebel's chest as she let out a slow breath. "Thank goodness."
On that note the males phased back into their wolf forms. Jen curled up on her side, laying her head against Decebel's warm wolf body. Jacque and Rachel did the same and all were asleep in a matter of moments.

Half a world away, Dillon Jacobs kissed his mate before he boarded the chartered jet.
"I love you," Tanya told him firmly.
"I love you too, Luna. I know you want to come but I need you here with the pack." Dillon brushed her hair back from her face and placed another gentle kiss on her forehead.
"No, you just need me away from danger."
Dillon chuckled. "Well, that too. I will stay in touch," he told her as he tapped his forehead, indicating their bond.
"Just keep Jacque and her friends safe."
"I have a feeling that if it's up to Fane and the other males in his pack, those girls will be in lock down as far from battle as possible."
"Yes...but, mate," Tanya purred, "how often do the males in our race win in a battle of will against a female?"
Dillon grunted, understanding Tanya's point. "You're right, those three will probably be leading the battle charge. I will do anything it takes to make sure no harm comes to them. Vasile explained to me what has been going on since we left." Dillon told Tanya what Vasile had told him and saw the sorrow in his mate's eyes as she heard of the struggles Jen had endured as well as the others. Now more than ever she wanted to go with him, but Dillon couldn't handle having all the women he loved in danger. If he could at least protect one, then he would do it.
"You stay safe, Dillon Jacobs," she told him firmly.
"Yes, ma'am." He winked at her and gave her one more fierce kiss before boarding the plane and joining a select few of his pack members inside.


###chapter 28
**Twenty-Three Days Post-Curse**

"Sally," Costin's warm breath caressed her face as her eyes blinked open, "you need to wake up, gypsy lady. We are leaving."
Sally's eyes popped open and she sat straight up. "Leaving? What about Jacque and Jen?"
"Vasile instructed Decebel and Fane to get the others to the tavern. We are to meet them there."
Sally pushed Costin back so she could stand up. She had fallen asleep in the clothes she'd been wearing the day before. She ran her fingers through her hair, trying to untangle it, and blinked her eyes several times to get the sleep out of them.
"Okay, I'm good. Let's go." Sally headed for the door of the room she had been sleeping in. Costin chuckled as he followed her. He grabbed her around the waist before she could pull the door open and she let out a surprised squeal.
"Costin, what are you doing?"
Costin turned her in his arms and held her close, breathing in her scent. He thought maybe it was beginning to change, but worried that it was just wishful thinking.
"I want you to stay close to me. Do as I tell you and don't try to be a hero."
Sally snorted. "You do realize that I'm Sally not Jen, right?"
Costin looked down into her warm, honey colored eyes. "Yes, Sally mine. Believe me, I know the woman I hold in my arms. I also know that when it comes to your friends you will do anything. I'm simply asking you to think before you act, and by think, I mean wait for me."
Sally smiled sweetly at Costin and patted his cheek. "I didn't realize it until now but I have to agree with Jen."
Costin cocked his head to the side. "About what?"
"It is cute when you bossy werewolves actually think you will get your way."
Costin let out a low growl that brought a giggle from Sally. Finally, she relented as she rolled her eyes. "Fine, I won't do anything rash. How's that?"
"Better," he told her as he released her, following her downstairs to where the others waited.

Vasile, Alina, Peri, Cynthia, Sorin, and Crina all stood in a circle in the large room. The fire still burned strong in the stone fireplace.
"Sally, Costin," Vasile acknowledged them. "It's time. Peri is going to cloak us. We must move quickly. There will be no time to stop and rest. Sally, if you get tired, I must insist that you allow one of us wolves to carry you on our back in our wolf form."
Sally's mouth dropped open. Costin used a finger to gently push her chin up as he chuckled. "I will carry her, Alpha," he told Vasile.
Vasile let out a knowing smile. "I figured as much." Costin looked up questioningly at his Alpha.
Before an exchange could take place, Peri interrupted. "Enough dillydallying. We need to go."
Without another word, the group headed out of the Fae cottage and toward the Veil.

As Vasile had ordered, they moved quickly. No one spoke. The males were scanning the skies and the forest around them continually as they continued toward their destination.
Sally could feel the magic in the air. She could feel Peri's cloak, but underneath it there was something oily that tried to cling to her. Sally had mentioned it quietly to Peri and she explained that the witch was looking for a healer, so her magic was tuned to find the healer and link her to the witch. This was why Sally got the feeling that it was trying to cling to her. Peri had reassured her that the cloaking spell would keep the witch's magic from sticking.
After nearly eighteen hours on foot, Sally was growing very tired and very cold. Costin phased to his wolf form and knew that Sally must be more tired than she let on, because she did not argue with Vasile when he told her to get on Costin and hold tight. The other wolves phased as well and then their speed picked up. Peri didn't seem to have any trouble keeping up with the fast, nimble bodies of the wolves.
Sally closed her eyes as she leaned her body against Costin's wolf, and clung tight as she felt the cold hair rush through her hair and sting her cheeks. She tried to imagine a time when she and her two best friends weren't fighting for their lives and realized it had been quite a while.

"You want me to what?" Jen asked Decebel, her eyebrows raised. A crooked smile lifted on her mouth.
"Jennifer, behave and just do it."
Jen was laughing out loud now. They had awoken after just a few hours of sleep and Adam and Elle were creating a cloak to protect them as they made a run back to the village.
"I'm sorry. It's just that it wasn't under these circumstances that I'd expected to hear those words come out of your mouth."
Decebel growled at her.
Jacque looked up at Jen and winked. "What was your answer?"
Jen smiled. "Come now, Jac. What else would a good little mate say to her man when he tells her to get on him?"
Adam, who had been tossing a throwing knife in the air when Jen spoke, choked at her words and cut his hand. Rachel actually let out a bark of laughter with Elle right behind her. Jacque reached over and bumped fists with Jen, laughing.
"How many different ways do you think he went over it in his mind to tell me I was going to have to be carried on his back in his wolf form like you two?" Jen asked.
Decebel was steadily growling.
"Jennifer, enough of this. We must go."
Jen ignored him as Jacque piped in. "Should we go over all the possibilities?" Elle, Adam and Rachel were laughing even as Fane and Gavril joined in Decebel's growling.
"Okay, maybe we don't have time to go over all of them now, but I feel obligated in this dire situation, when we don't know if we will live or die, to share with you the words my mate spoke to tell me it was time to go. Drum roll, please."
Decebel was snarling at his mate, who looked completely undaunted. Elle and Adam had two throwing knives each and were bouncing them off the cave walls in a drum roll.
Jen imitated Decebel's deep voice as she spoke. "Jennifer, wake up. You must ride me."
The small cave erupted into laughter. Gavril and Fane, even in wolf forms, were letting out snorts through their muzzles. Rachel and Jacque were wiping tears from their eyes and Elle was holding her stomach as she bent over at the waist.
Decebel sat down on his haunches and glared at the group, waiting for them to regain their composure.  He looked over at his mate, who, despite the fact that it was a joke of her own making, was blushing a beautiful shade of red.
"Can we go now?" he asked dryly.
Jen winked at him and made a motion toward the cave opening. "Ready when you are, fur ball."
Decebel snorted and waited for her to climb onto his back. Rachel and Jacque followed suit. Without another word, the wolves and their precious cargo charged out of the cave with the two Fae alongside them. They all ducked, expecting to be pelted by bats, but nothing happened. Jen looked up into the clear sky and squinted from the bright sun.
"I guess she gave up," she mumbled.
"No," Elle shook her head, "she's regrouping. She'll be back." And with that, they were off.
The wolves ran at top speed, their mates clinging tightly to their fur, and the Fae steadily cloaking them as they went.

Jen didn't know how long they had been running when, out of nowhere, they were suddenly surrounded by six more wolves, a tired looking Sally, and a fierce looking Perizada. Sally's face lit up like Christmas when she saw Jacque and Jen both holding tightly to their wolves in one piece. The group never broke stride as they met up, but continued to run under the cloak provided by the Fae until they reached the tavern.

All the males but Gavril loped inside the tavern door being held open by Skender and headed to find clothing to change into once they phased.
"You and Gavril can come with us to the meeting room in the back." Jen motioned them to follow her as Jacque, Sally, and the others moved ahead.
Once in the meeting room, huddled around the large stone fireplace, Sally hugged Jen and Jacque fiercely.
"I want you two to know that I'm really mad at you, but so happy you're okay that I'm willing to overlook it." Sally tried to look upset but couldn't pull it off. She was just overjoyed to see her two best friends.
"We're sorry that we didn't tell you, Sal." Jacque pulled Sally in for another hug as she spoke. "We didn't want you to have to lie."
"I know."
Jacque pulled back. "You do?"
"Yeah." Sally nodded.
"How?" Jen asked.
"A little birdie told me." Sally winked.
"Does this little birdie happen to pour vodka for a living?" Jen smirked at her sweet-natured friend.
"Maaaaybeee." Sally grinned.

The room - which had slowly been filling up with pack members that the girls hadn't seen in weeks - suddenly went silent.
Vasile and Alina walked into the room with Decebel, Fane, Costin, Sorin, Perizada, Adam, and Elle all in tow. Skender pulled the doors shut, closing the room off from any prying ears.
As Vasile made his way to the front of the room with his mate at his side, Decebel came up to Jen, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her close. Fane did the same with Jacque, and Costin stepped up beside Sally and winked at her, bringing a pink flush to her warming cheeks.
"Rachel," Vasile looked over at her and Gavril, "if you would like to take Gavril, Peri will get him some clothes for him to put on. Then we can discuss the necessary actions which will soon take place.
Peri walked over to Rachel and took her long-time friend's hand. Gavril attached his large wolf frame to Rachel and they followed Peri out. As soon as the doors were closed again Decebel spoke up.
"Are the other packs on their way?"
"Yes," Vasile answered. "I have called Dragomir, Victor, and Dillon. They should be arriving tomorrow or the next day." He took a deep breath, then addressed the rest of his pack. "For those of you who have been holding down the fort, so to speak, I will share with you what has been happening. Then I will let you know who will be staying and who will be returning to the pack mansion. There will be no arguments about this."
"Yes, Alpha," the room spoke in unison.
Vasile gave a brief summary of everything that had taken place, leaving out details of Jen's ordeal, which he didn't feel was the entire pack's business. He didn't go into what Peri and he had talked about regarding Desdemona wanting a healer, because he felt like that was on a need-to-know basis. Once he was finished, he gave Skender and Boian orders on who he wanted to stay and fight, and who he wanted to go back home. As Skender and Boian began to gather those who would be leaving, Peri, Rachel, and Gavril once again joined the others in the meeting room.

"Peri explained to me why she has kept you hidden all these centuries," Vasile told them as they came closer. "I'm honored to meet you, Gavril, former Alpha, and Rachel, healer."
Gavril nodded once and Rachel gave a small smile to Vasile and then a larger one to Alina.
Alina agreed with Vasile and hugged them both.
"As much as I would love for us to get to sit and reminisce, there is just too much at stake and so we must move forward."  Vasile paused and looked past Rachel and Gavril. "Sally," he called to his healer, "please join us up here."
Sally looked at Jen and Jacque, who both nodded at her to go. Costin stepped up next to her and took her hand.
"I've got you, Sally mine," he whispered as he led her to the front. Sally looked behind her to find Jacque and Jen grinning from ear to ear. She just shrugged at them.
Costin pulled Sally to stand in front of him but he did not step away. Vasile raised a single eyebrow at him. Costin simply grinned, showing the dimple in his right cheek, and winked. Vasile shook his head with a slight chuckle and directed his attention to Sally.
"Sally, this is Rachel." Vasile indicated the older healer. "Peri tells me that she needs to speak with you two alone. She also needs to put a stronger cloak over you two because your combined healing magic is like a beacon to the witch."
Rachel stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Sally. "It's such an honor to meet you."
Sally looked up at Rachel when she released her from the hug. "Are you kidding me? I'm just a 17-year-old kid. You've got centuries of experience as a healer. I assure you, the honor is mine."
Peri pulled the two ladies along with her as she muttered over her shoulder, "You both should be honored because you get to spend time with me. Now, get over your sweet natures and come with me. We have the demise of a bitch - I mean, witch - to plan"
Jen laughed as they watched Sally and Rachel follow Peri out of the room. "Man, that fairy is my kind of chick."
"What, a mouthy one?" Decebel grumbled as he pulled her tighter to him.
"Don't you know it."

Peri took Rachel and Sally upstairs to a room on the far corner of the tavern, away from where all the wolves had gathered. She turned and looked at both healers.
"Okay, you two. Have a seat." She motioned to two chairs that sat next to one of the single beds in the large bedroom. "We have a lot to cover and not much time. Consider this a cram session on healer history 101."
"So, Rachel, I'm sure you are familiar with the story on how the Canis lupus were created, correct?"
Rachel nodded.
"Sally, do you know?"
"We learned a little when we first moved in with Fane's family, but not all of it."
"Okay, I will get you up to speed." Peri went on to explain to Sally all about the Great Luna in the moon, who had decided that humanity was corrupting itself, and how she loved the wolves and wanted to prevent them from extinction, so she joined the human spirit with the wolf spirit.
"Now, you might be asking yourself where the gypsy healer plays into all this. Well, hold onto your girdle, because I'm getting there." Peri took a seat on the bed opposite the two healers and looked over their heads off into nowhere. Her face got that far away look that often slips across someone who is remembering a time long ago.
"Healers came about because the Great Luna wanted her wolves to appreciate the gifts she had given them. The ability to heal quickly, the blessing of children, the completeness of pack. A healer helps keep the harmony within the pack. The gypsy healer can mend injuries or illnesses that a wolf doesn't seem to be able to heal on their own. Also, a gypsy healer guarantees a successful pregnancy."
At that revelation Sally's jaw dropped open. "A gypsy healer can what?" She asked shakily.
"You can ensure that if Jacque or Jen ever get pregnant, they will have a healthy pregnancy - one that is carried to term."
"Well, no pressure or anything," Sally muttered.
"Those reasons don't explain why the witch wants to get her hands on one or both of you," Peri continued. "Desdemona isn't truly helping Thad, she's just using that as a front. You see, the blood of a healer is powerful. Witches' magic, death magic, requires blood. There is nothing more powerful to a witch than the blood of a gypsy healer. The goodness and purity that runs in you makes your magic more powerful than any black magic. It's in your very essence. Unfortunately, like so many good things, it can be corrupted and used for evil once it's no longer inside you. That is why she wants you and will do anything to get you."

Sally was quiet as she processed all of that information. She knew that she should be worried, or maybe even scared of this Desdemona, but all she could bring herself to feel was anger and outrage that this witch would dare to hurt Sally's friends to get to her. She would do whatever was necessary to protect those she loved, and if Peri said that Rachel and her had powerful magic that could defeat the witch, then that's what they would use to do so.
"Okay, what do we need to do?" Sally asked eagerly.
"Just like that?"
"No time like the present and we can't change what is, so we might as well get busy taking care of business."
Rachel smiled at Sally, then looked at Peri with determination. "I agree with Sally. Tell us what we must do to defeat this evil."
Peri rubbed her hands together and the smile that stretched across her face gave Sally chills.
"Excellent," the fairy murmured. "Let's get started."

Decebel took Jen by the hand after Peri and the healers had left the meeting room. He tugged her behind him, leading her out of the room and upstairs. He brought her into one of the rooms that had two rows of beds in it, shut the door, and faced her. Jen saw that his eyes were glowing.
"Everything okay, B?" Jen asked tentatively.
Decebel took slow steps toward her, closing the distance between them. Jen knew better than to back up from a predator - all that did was encourage the chase.
When he was standing so close that their faces were mere inches apart, he took a deep breath in through his nose. His eyes closed and he looked as if he were savoring it.
"I was so worried about you," he whispered.
"I'm sorry, Dec. I didn't mean to worry you, but someone had to go and get Rachel."
Decebel growled. "And that someone just had to be you?" His voice was low and tight. She could feel the rage rolling off of him. "Hours before you left, I had held your lifeless body in my arms, mourning you. HOURS, JENNIFER," he roared at her.
Jen squeezed her eyes closed as she felt his turmoil pass through their bond. She had not only scared him, but terrified him that something would happen to her. Decebel knew there were worse things than death.
She stepped even closer and placed her hands on either side of his face, waiting for him to open his eyes. When he finally did, she reached out to him through their bond and tried to make him feel just how sorry she was.
"I'm sorry. I didn't think. I didn't consider how my actions would affect you. Please, please, don't be angry with me."
Decebel wrapped his arms around Jen's waist and pulled her flush against his body. He leaned his head down and pressed his lips to hers. The kiss was fierce, intense, and showed just how much he needed her. One hand ran up her back and wrapped around the nape of her neck, holding her where he wanted. He deepened the kiss as he slipped his tongue in her mouth and they both let out desperate groans. He began to push her back until the back of her knees hit one of the beds. Slowly, he lowered her onto her back and blanketed her body with his own, never breaking the kiss.
Jen's hands left his face and traveled to his strong shoulders and then back up to his neck, wrapping her arms around him and pulling him close. Jen pictured them in her mind, showing him how she saw him, and how he made her feel. She pictured what she longed for as his mate and wife, and nearly grinned when she felt a low growl in his chest.
"That's just mean, Jennifer," he spoke into her mind with a groan.
"I'm just being honest. I need you, Decebel. Don't you need me?" Decebel heard the fear of rejection in her voice.
"Need you, want you, more than anything." Even through their bond Jen could tell he was breathless.
Decebel broke the kiss and began placing lighter ones along her jawline down to her neck. Jen pulled her head back, giving him better access. Decebel growled in response to her submission. He kissed the mark at the bottom of her neck and continued kissing down her collarbone and across the swell of her breast. Jen held her breath at the feeling of his lips and warm breath on her skin.
"Jennifer," he whispered against her skin. "Breathe, baby."
A gasp escaped her lungs, feeling Decebel slowly raise her shirt and begin kissing her along her right side where the markings that matched his climbed from her hip to under her arm.
Decebel chuckled when he heard her whimper as he gently nipped her skin with his teeth.
Then, much to her frustration, he pulled her shirt back down and raised himself on his forearms to look down at her.
"I love you. I want to make love to you. But I'm not about to do it in a tavern full of Canis lupus, in a room with multiple single beds. I can assure you that I'm suffering more than you by waiting, but I won't have my mate's first time be anything less than perfect."
"How can I be upset with you when you say something like that to me?" she pouted.
Decebel leaned down and kissed her slowly. When he pulled back, he grinned at her. "You can't."
"Dec," the tremble in her voice had him looking into her mind, "I love being in your arms. I'm so happy I'm your mate, your wife. I love you."
Decebel ran his thumb gently across her well-kissed lips and whispered through their bond, "You are mine, as I am yours."
Jen nipped his lips with her teeth, bringing a rumble from his chest. "Don't you forget it."

The following day Jen and Jacque sat on one of the couches in the meeting room, watching as Vasile talked to the top males in their pack. The tavern was abuzz with preparations. Some of the pack members were helping Nicolae prepare food for the coming packs, others helped wash dishes that had been dirtied from breakfast.
"I really feel like I should be up making myself useful," Jen said as she watched the others scurrying around.
"Yes, well, that would kind of be hard for you to do since your mate won't let you out of his sight," Jacque pointed out.
"There is that," Jen agreed dryly.
"Speaking of, how are you two?"
Jen's eyes lit up as she looked over at Decebel, who was standing in a way that kept her in his line of sight while he discussed something with Sorin.
"We're good. He's bossy, possessive, and broody." Jen grinned as she saw Decebel raise a single eyebrow and look up at her. She knew he would hear her. "But I wouldn't change a thing about him." She tore her eyes from her mate and looked at Jacque. "I've never felt so treasured, you know?"
"Completely understand," Jacque said as she grinned at her friend.
Jen and Jacque jumped up when they heard loud voices coming from the other room. Both girls began moving in the direction of the noise, but were brought up short when Decebel and Fane were suddenly in front of them. The doors to the meeting room opened and they recognized Dragomir, the Hungary Alpha, walk in followed by members of his pack. Right behind them was Victor, Alpha of the Bulgarian pack, and his pack members, and then Dillon, the Colorado pack Alpha, with his pack, pulling up the rear.
Jacque stepped around Fane and made her way over to her dad.
"Hey," she said, smiling.
"Hey yourself." Dillon smiled back and pulled her into a hug. "You okay?"
Jacque stepped back from him and felt Fane wrap an arm around her from behind.
"I'm good. It's been a rough few weeks, but we're all in one piece."
Dillon looked past Jacque at Fane. "Good to see you, Fane."
"Dillon." Fane nodded in acknowledgment and added, "We appreciate your assistance."
"I will always come if my daughter is in danger." Dillon smiled once more at Jacque and then made his way to Vasile and the other Alphas.
Jen and Decebel stepped up next to Jacque and Fane.
Jen nudged Jacque. "You seen Sally?"
"She's working with Rachel and Peri again."
"Let's hope that fairy has some tricks up her sleeve. I have a feeling we're going to need them," Jen muttered, then nearly jumped when she heard Peri's voice from behind her.
"Oh, I've got more than tricks, mate of Decebel. I've got legends come to life."
Peri made her way quickly to the front and pushed through the other Alphas, ignoring their snarls.
"Vasile, we need to talk. Now."
Vasile looked at the others. "I apologize, gentlemen. If you will please give me just a few moments."
The three Alphas muttered their consents and turned to clear out of the room.
Vasile then addressed his wolves. "Romanian pack, if you would please step into the other room for a few moments. Thank you all for your help and patience."
The area began to empty. Peri turned to see who still remained and rolled her eyes when she saw all the ones who had been with her across the Veil.
"I suppose nothing I can say will get you lot out of here."
Decebel stepped forward. "If this has to do with any of us in this room, then we stay."
Sally and Rachel entered the room. The look on Sally's face told them something was up.
"You okay, Sal?" Jen asked, her eyebrows raised in question.
Sally swallowed with some difficulty before she spoke. "It's just a lot to take in."
Peri looked at each person in the room, pausing briefly on their faces before she spoke.
"Desdemona -"
"I thought we weren't supposed to speak her name." Jen interrupted.
Peri frowned at her. "At this point it's not a concern." She waited, watching Jen to see if she had a response. Naturally, she did.
"I see. Okay then, you may proceed."
Peri snorted and rolled her eyes. "Desdemona," she began again, "is not going to play fair. Sally, Rachel, and I have been seeking out her intentions and what we have found is disturbing. Just like she used the animals in the forest to attack, she is amassing an army of animals to do her bidding. She is more powerful than I imagined if she can control so many at once. Wolves, bears, birds, wild boar, lynx, foxes, deer, and anything else she can get to obey her." Peri turned to look at Vasile. "You know what I'm going to ask of you."
"Their mates will never agree," Vasile told her, and the glint in his eyes said that he himself did not agree either.
"Wait, wait, wait. Let's call a timeout on the clock." Jen took a step forward, which was matched by Decebel, who stood behind her with a hand on her hip. "This has to do with us, as in myself and Jacque, doesn't it?"
Peri nodded.
"What exactly is it we won't agree to?" Decebel spoke over Jen's head.
Peri squared her shoulders as she looked Decebel in the eye. "Your mates must join the battle."
Decebel and Fane both snarled at the same time.
"They cannot fight. They are human - the wolves would tear them apart.," Fane growled at the Fae. His blue eyes glowed dangerously.
"You are incorrect, prince," Peri challenged. "They are not fully human."
"What are you saying?" Decebel asked as his hand tightened on his mate.
"I'm saying that your mates also have Canis lupus blood in them. They have a wolf inside, a wolf that can be drawn out."
Jen's breathing sped up and she felt her chest tighten. She looked over at Jacque, who had an identical deer in the headlights look.
"Are you saying what I think you're saying?" Jen asked apprehensively.
Peri nodded as she moved to stand in front of the two girls. "I'm saying you can phase."


###chapter 29
"Come again?" Jen and Jacque both said in unison as their eyes widened.
"It sounded like you said that we could phase. So, for clarification purposes, are you saying Jacque and I are able to turn furry? Complete with tail, pointy teeth, glowing eyes, and fleas?" Jen tapped her lips with nervous fingers.
Peri chuckled at Jen's description. "I'm not sure about the fleas, but yes."
"Alpha, is this true?" Decebel addressed Vasile.
"Yes."
"How? How can this be possible? I'm over a century old and I've never heard of such a thing." Decebel's eyes narrowed at Peri.
"In all those years have you been around a dormant?" Peri asked simply.
"No."
"Then why would you need to know? Some things are better left untouched until such a time as they are needed. We need every resource we can utilize."
"What makes you think we would let them fight even if they could phase?"
Jen's head whipped around and looked up at her mate, then down at Jacque. "Did I hear him correctly?"
"If you mean, did he just imply that he can control your actions by telling you what you can and cannot do? Then yes, Watson, you heard him correctly." Jacque cocked an eyebrow at Fane, who was growling at her.
"Do we really have to go over this again?" Jen asked Decebel in an exasperated manner.
"I've told you, Jennifer, I will not allow you to be put in danger." Decebel's voice was calm and reasonable, which only ticked Jen off more.
"Would you keep Cynthia or Crina from fighting?" Jen had pulled out of his grasp and was glaring at him with her hands on her hips, chin jutted out defiantly.
"That's different."
"The hell it is," Jen snarled. She turned to look at Alina. "Are you going to fight?"
Alina nodded as she took Vasile's hand, indicating that where her mate went, she followed.
Jen looked back at Decebel. "I'm your mate, I stand by your side. Not behind you, not in front of you. Where you go, I go. Do what you have to in order to get over it. Throw your hissy fit, snarl your teeth, glare at me with your freaky glowing eyes - if absolutely necessary, punch a hole in the wall - but you will deal with this and get over it. You cannot put me in a bubble unless your goal is to suffocate me. Got it?" Jen was toe-to-toe with her mate, looking straight into his amber eyes.
Decebel growled and then shocked her by gripping the back of her neck and kissing her roughly. When he pulled back, he wasn't any less agitated or angry, but there was resignation in his eyes. "If anything happens to you..."
"Chillax, man. If I kick the bucket, so do you. So, no worries about you tearing the world apart or Vasile having to kill you," Jen interrupted.
"Man, you have a way with words," Jacque muttered to her mouthy friend.
"Just telling it like it is, Jac. No need to sugarcoat it." Jen turned back around to face Peri, stepping back so that she was pressed against Decebel's chest and stomach.
"What do we have to do?" Jacque asked. Fane had tried arguing with her through their bond, but Jacque had shut him right down. Fane wasn't quite as stubborn as Decebel, so he relented more quickly, but he was still angry.
"Under the light of the full moon, your mates will pour passion vine-infused water over you. The pull of the moon is powerful; I can amplify it and call on the Great Luna. The passion vine will absorb into your pores and call upon the passion of your wolf. The last part is the blood of your mate, which your wolf will recognize and be drawn to. All three combined with a little Fae magic and your wolves will surface."
"And when exactly is the next full moon?" Jen asked Peri.
Peri smiled mischievously. "Wouldn't you know? It just happens to be tonight."
Jen felt Decebel tense behind her. She figured that, like herself, he hadn't expected it to be so soon.
Sally stepped up to her two best friends and smiled gentle. "You guys are going to be okay. And I will admit, I'm slightly jealous."
"Don't worry, I'll share my fleas with you. No need for me to be stingy," Jen teased.
Cynthia, Crina, and Alina had come over and each hugged Jacque and Jen.
"You two are going to be kick ass she-wolves." Crina grinned.
"Is there any other kind?" Jen asked, cocking her a single eyebrow.
"Not in our pack," Cynthia piped in.

Night fell over the tavern and the moon boldly lit the sky. Jen and Jacque said their farewells as they headed out the door with Peri, Fane, and Decebel.
 Jacque had spoken with her father and he was about as receptive as Fane and Decebel had been. She gently reminded him that she was an adult and it was her choice. He hadn't said anything more, but his face remained in a permanent scowl.
Peri led them out into a clearing near the opening of the woods. She had told them she would be cloaking them so the witch would not disturb the ritual if she happened to be seeking them out. Which she most likely was.
Jacque and Jen both wore a simple pullover shift, but - thanks to Fae magic - were being protected from the cold.
Peri directed Fane and Decebel to stand with their backs to each other to give their mates privacy from the other male. The girls each stood in front of their mate and waited for Peri to tell them what to do next. They watched as the fairy closed her eyes. Her lips began moving with silent words. The air around her began to shimmer and in each of her hands a large basin of water appeared. The water had a purple tint to it.
Peri handed Fane a basin and then handed Decebel a basin.
"Remove your shifts," Peri told Jen and Jacque. "Then, males, you will pour the potion over your mate. The potion will last until all of her has been covered."
Jen pulled the shift over her head and, though it was the first time she had been truly naked in front of her mate, she boldly looked him in the eyes.
Decebel's lips lifted in a crooked smile. "You're beautiful," he told her through their bond and without hesitation began to pour the passion vine potion over her.
Jen had expected it to be cold, but the water was surprisingly warm. It flowed over her head and down her face to her shoulders, arms, chest, and back - all the way to her toes. Her skin felt like tiny pins were pricking it all over. Jen watched her skin begin to shimmer and felt something in her pushing. Just like when she had completed the Blood Rites, she could feel her wolf, only it was much stronger. The water finally stopped flowing and she looked up at Decebel.
Peri then instructed them to take the blood of their mate.
Decebel stepped close to Jen and leaned down so she was able to reach his neck. She kissed him once on the lips and then down his jaw to the same place she had bitten him during their bonding. The stirring in her was getting frantic and she was beginning to feel restless, like she couldn't stand still. Her teeth lengthened and her mouth opened.
When she sunk her teeth into Decebel's flesh, she let out a low moan as his sweet blood hit her mouth. Decebel wrapped his arms around her small waist.
"I will never tire of you taking from me what you need," he whispered breathlessly in her mind.
Jen swallowed several large gulps and somehow instinctively knew when to pull back. Decebel's eyes were closed and his lips slightly parted.
"D-d-decebel..." Jen's voice was unsteady as she looked to her mate for help.
Decebel opened his eyes, which had begun to glow amber. The glow intensified as Decebel looked into the glowing blue eyes of his mate. A low growl emitted from his chest as his own canines lengthened. Then Decebel's wolf pushed forward, seeking his mate.
"Mate," Jen heard Decebel's wolf boom into her mind.
Jen let out a soft whine and backed away from Decebel. She shuddered as something deep inside her, something primal, reached out.
"Jen, don't fight it," she heard Peri say, but her voice sounded far away.
Decebel stepped toward Jen and growled again. He was calling to her, calling to his mate.
Jen closed her glowing eyes and felt a coldness flow over her from head to toe. For a moment, she felt like she was floating - then she landed on the hard ground. On four legs.
Jen's eyes snapped open at the realization. Her vision was so clear and her hearing was beyond amplified - she could hear animals scurry, birds' wings flapping, voices coming from the tavern, and a heartbeat that sounded familiar. She felt a nudge in her side and turned her head to see Decebel in his huge wolf form.
"Bloody hell, Dec. I'm a wolf." Jen was relieved that she could still feel him in her mind.
"You're a beautiful wolf. You have a white star shape on your muzzle."
Decebel gave her what must've been the wolf version of a smile. Jen took a step back.
"Okay, don't ever do that again. That was creepy."
Decebel chuckled in her mind.
"How do you feel?" he asked her as he rubbed his head against her neck.
"Amazing. I can't even describe it. I just want to run and kill someth- Okay, that's a little disturbing."
A black wolf and a smaller grey one - who had emerald eyes that looked like they were lined in kohl - stepped in front of them.
Jen realized it was Fane and Jacque. She stepped toward Jacque and nudged her, then leaned down on her front paws, sticking her butt in the air and wagging her tail. She wanted to play. Jacque mimicked her pose and took off to the right when Jen pounced.  Decebel and Fane sped off after their mates, flanking them on either side in protection. They ran through the snow, dodging under bushes and fallen trees. Jen relished the wind blowing through her fur and the cold air rushing into her lungs. The only thing that came even close to this exhilaration was kissing Decebel.
"I guess I'll have to try harder if I'm going to be competing with you wanting to be in your wolf form running instead of kissing your mate," Decebel teased, having heard her thought.
"I'm sure you can find ways to persuade me to stay in my human form. I can't believe I'm saying that - human form. That's just wicked crazy."
Jen and Jacque ran until they were panting in exhaustion. Peri watched over them while they became accustomed to their wolf forms and smiled, having the hope in her heart that she desperately needed to feel.

Late into the night, Jen and Jacque shared their experience with Sally and Costin, who shared the room with the two couples. They had pulled the beds to the center of the room and placed them in a circle, creating a flower shape so they could all lay with their heads toward the center and talk. Decebel and Jen had squeezed onto a single bed together. He lay on his back with one arm behind his head. Jen was sprawled across his chest, facing the others while Decebel used his free hand to run his fingers through her hair. He listened to her voice as she laughed about him chasing her and nipping her heels. He loved hearing her so happy, so worry-free, if only for this short moment in time.
When they had all fallen silent and one by one drifted off to sleep, Decebel still lay awake. His body was curled around Jennifer's, and as he thought about what was to come, what they would be facing in a matter of days if not sooner, he pulled her closer. His worst nightmare was coming to pass. His mate would be in battle, in danger, and he might not be there to protect her. As much as he hated the idea, he also knew he couldn't cage her in. He couldn't keep her from living because he was afraid of losing her. He had to let her fight, he had to let her be her own person, not just his mate.

Two days had passed since Jen and Jacque had phased for the first time. In that time, Decebel and Fane took them out several times under the watchful eye of Peri so that the girls could continue to familiarize themselves with the movement and senses of their wolves. Decebel and Fane even began teaching them the best way to attack and when it was more appropriate to run and hide. Neither Jen nor Jacque cared for the idea of hiding. When they weren't out in their wolf forms, Decebel and Fane met with the other males, discussing strategy.
Today it had been decided that tomorrow night Vasile would call Thad and Desdemona out. He wanted them to meet him on his terms, on the battlefield of his choosing.

"I know your secret, Mona." Thad smiled at the witch, but it was not a friendly smile. Mona sat in one of the many sitting rooms in the Serbian pack mansion. She looked bored and not at all worried by Thad's declaration.
"And what secret would that be, Alpha?" she asked dryly as she looked at her nails, making it apparent that she found them infinitely more interesting than her present company.
"You are not helping me so I can obtain the healer, you want the healer for yourself - for your magic." Thad was standing behind the couch that Mona occupied, his hands resting on the back as he leaned over her.
"There are two healers. There is no need to be stingy, Thad." Mona's attitude was so blasé that it set Thad's wolf on edge.
"Tell me your plan, Desdemona. You could at least give me that much respect. If you want one of the healers, I'm willing to share. But we can't go into this disparately."
"Vasile is gathering his troops." Mona stood and began to slowly pace around the room as she spoke. "He has called on three other packs for aid. It will not be an easy battle."
"If I know you, then you have something up your sleeve. What's your advantage?" Thad narrowed his eyes at the witch.
"I have my own army." Mona's smile lit her whole face, but not in a way that would be considered pretty. "The wild ones will do my bidding. If we add your pack to the mix, I do believe we will be the victors."
"The wild ones?" Thad cocked his head to the side as he considered her words. "Ah, you have called upon the beasts and animals of the forest."
Mona's face turned dark as she detected judgment in his voice. The air around her grew thick and the room darkened. "You forget who I am. I am the last of my kind, the most powerful in history. I will call on the elements, the beasts - the demons from the abyss, if necessary. Know this, Thad, Alpha of the Serbian pack: I will obtain that which I seek. Do not attempt to stand in my way or I will destroy you."
Mona turned on her heel and, with her cloak billowing behind her, stormed out of the mansion, not giving Thad a second thought.

Jacque's head lay in Fane's lap as they sat on the couch in front of the always-burning fire in the meeting room of the tavern. The building was quiet as everyone settled in to try and get some sleep.
"So, this is the eve of battle," Jacque murmured softly.
"I'm assuming this is some movie reference?" Fane asked.
Jacque chuckled. "Lord of The Rings. Eowyn tells Aragorn he can't leave them on the eve of battle when he goes looking for the cursed dead who owe his bloodline a service."
"I've seen Lord of The Rings, Luna."
"Yes, but you haven't seen it a hundred times like me and my girls."
It was Fane's turn to chuckle as he traced her lips softly with his finger. Then his eyes grew serious.
"I need you to be smart tomorrow, Jacquelyn," he told her firmly. "I don't need you to be a hero or be brave. I need you to be smart, fight smart. Can you do that for me?"
Jacque pulled herself into a sitting position, but Fane wanted her closer so he pulled her onto his lap.
"I can if you can," she countered.
"How did it feel to be in your wolf form?" Fane asked her as he gently stroked her cheek.
Jacque let out a deep breath. "It was amazing. I mean truly amazing, Fane."
Fane let out a chuckle at the awe in her voice.
"Your color is a beautiful grey and your eyes looked like they were outlined in mascara...or eyeliner. Whatever it is you girls use," Fane told her.
Jacque smirked at that, then asked, "Would it have bothered you had I never been able to phase?"
Fane looked down into her eyes. "I never expected you to be able to, Jacquelyn, and I was okay with it. The fact that you can is just a bonus. I love that I get to share that part of our lives together, but it wouldn't have lessened what we are as mates had it never been possible."
"Thank you," Jacque whispered.
Fane pulled her face toward his in order to kiss her. What started out as gentle turned into a fierce show of passion. Fane flipped them so that Jacque was lying on her back with his body over hers. He kissed her again as his right hand pushed up under the hem of her shirt. His hand wrapped around her waist, the skin-to-skin contact comforting them both.
 Jacque opened her eyes and heard a growl rumble from Fane.
"Your eyes are glowing, my love," Fane whispered. "It's extremely sexy."
Jacque grinned at her mate and then nipped his bottom lip.
"Don't you think we should go somewhere a little more private?"
Fane grinned naughtily, "There is no one in here with us and the doors are closed. What could be more private?"
  Jacque snorted at the images Fane sent to her mind. Fane raised his eyebrows in a questioning gesture. In response, Jacque pulled his shirt up and he moved back just enough for her to pull it over his head. She ran her fingers across the marks that covered the right side of him. Fane pressed her hand flat against his chest and let her feel his heartbeat.
"It beats for you alone." The sincerity in his voice penetrated Jacque's better judgment and she gave into the desires of her mate. Neither of them knew what tomorrow would bring. They didn't know if this was the last night to spend in each other's arms.
Fane tugged at Jacque's shirt as his lips turned up slightly. "Mrs. Lupei, you are entirely overdressed for what I have planned."
Jacque laughed out loud as she helped him undress and then let him undress her. They spent the night in a tavern with no electricity, the only light and heat coming from a stone fireplace, in a room where hours before a war had been planned. They spent the night basking in their love and passion for each other and, like other times since they'd mated, Fane poured his heart into loving her completely, shutting out everything else and letting her know that when he held her, when she was in his arms naked and vulnerable, she was the most beautiful and precious part of his life.  

"Decebel, where are you taking me?" Jen grumbled as she was being pulled along behind him by his hand.
"It's a surprise."
As the night had come to a close and everyone had headed to their rooms, Jen had been doing the same. Decebel had stopped her just as she started to climb the stairs. He'd grinned that rare smile he saved just for her and asked her to come with him. They had exited the front door of the tavern and turned left, heading down the snow-covered street of the small village. Finally, just at the edge of the village, Decebel pulled her in the direction of a small cottage. It was tiny, and so cute.
Jen could see a soft glow flickering from the window. When Decebel went to open the door, Jen pulled on his arm.
"Isn't this someone's home? We can't just walk up in there," Jen whispered.
Decebel winked at her. "I've got it covered, baby. Trust me."
He turned away from her and flipped the latch on the door handle and pushed the door open. Warm air brushed across Jen's cold cheeks and she shivered from the sensation. Decebel led her inside and Jen's eyes widened at the scene before her. Her mouth dropped open as she turned in a slow circle, taking in every detail of the enchanted room before her.
The first thing Jen noticed was the twinkling lights that ran around the ceiling of the room. She didn't see any cords, or anything that would cause them to light up. There were vines of white flowers that ran across the ceiling, some hanging down in places, creating a canopy above them. To the left of the front door was a small fireplace ablaze with warm, dancing flames. In front of the fireplace was a pallet made from several thick blankets, and there were two fluffy pillows on top. Her stomach growled when she saw a blanket surrounded in pillows with fruit and cheese and small cuts of meat on a platter. There were two glasses filled with a purple liquid.  
Jen looked up when Decebel cleared his throat. The look on his face told Jen that he was unsure of what she thought.
She smiled at him. "You did this for us?"
"I had a little help from a certain Fae," he admitted.
"It's amazing, Dec."
"Are you hungry?" He nodded in the direction of the blanket with the platter on it.
Jen nodded and let Decebel pull her over to the blanket. He helped her remove the coat she was wearing and, once she was sitting on the blanket, Decebel reached over and pulled her shoes and socks off for her. Jen admitted she was feeling quite special as he took care of her.
"You are special," he told her as he held out a cracker with cheese and meat on it. Instead of taking it from him, she leaned forward until she was on her hands and knees and wrapped her mouth around the food he offered. As she pulled back, enjoying the taste of the food, she shivered at the growl from Decebel.
"It's going to be like that, is it?" Decebel's voice was a sensual caress against her already too sensitive skin.
Back and forth they fed and teased each other. The tension between them was so heavy that Jen thought she might die from waiting.
"Have you had enough?" he asked her. The double meaning was written all over his beautiful face.
"Of the food, most definitely. Of you, never." She stood and moved toward the pallet in front of the fireplace, looking over her shoulder to see him watching her with predatory eyes.  He stood from his sitting position and stalked her, his glowing amber eyes never leaving hers. Once he was standing in front of her, Decebel brushed some wisps of hair away from her face.
He murmured her name as he wrapped one hand behind her shoulders and the other around her waist. He lowered his head and just before their lips came in contact, he paused. He took a deep breath, taking in her vanilla and cinnamon scent.
"You are mine," he breathed against her waiting mouth, "my best friend, my lover, my wife, my mate."
Before Jen could respond, Decebel's lips were on hers. He did not start slowly or gently. This kiss was full of passion, built-up desire, and longing. He groaned and lifted her, wrapping her legs around his waist. He lowered them to the pallet and laid her on her back.
As he pulled back from the kiss, Jen growled at him. She opened her eyes and smiled at the desire she saw smoldering in his.
"Baby, your eyes are glowing," Decebel told her as he leaned down and began placing small kisses on her face, her neck, and collarbones. Every so often he would swirl his tongue across her skin and chuckle when it drew a gasp from her. He began to slowly undress her, never taking his eyes from hers, and while he made love to her for the first time, he told her in every language he knew just what she meant to him. Soft whispers against her ear, murmured words on her skin as he kissed her. Jen had never felt more loved or treasured in her life.

"Will it always be like that?" Jen asked him sometime later. The firelight danced across Decebel's face as he lay on his back. Jen was propped up on her elbow, watching him.
He rolled over to his side, mirroring her posture, and ran a finger down where his markings adorned her skin. She shivered.
"I hope so. I hope you always respond to me just like this."
Jen's brow drew together as she looked into his eyes. "Why tonight?"
"If it goes badly tomorrow, I want to go knowing you were mine in every way." He grinned sheepishly. "Kind of selfish of me, right?"
Jen laughed and Decebel loved the glow that seemed to stroke over her bare skin.
"Well, if this is what I get when you're being selfish, then by all means." Jen's smiled, then her brow drew together in thought.
"Can I ask you a question, Dec?"
"Anything," he told her as he tucked her hair behind her ear.
"Does it bother you that you didn't have a choice when it came to me?"
Decebel frowned at her. "What do you mean I didn't have a choice?"
"I mean as your mate. I mean, the signs are there, the pull is there, and there is really nothing you can do about it. You're just stuck with me."
Decebel drew her closer to his body. "Jennifer, when I was created my perfect counterpart was created as well. The one woman who could complete everything in me that is incomplete. There was no need for a choice because you are perfect for me. I don't want you to doubt what I feel for you because we are fated to be together. What I feel is real and true and stronger than anything I have ever felt before. I wouldn't change us, change you, for anything in the world." He tipped her chin up to look into her eyes. "I love you, Jennifer, all of you."
Jen smiled up at her mate, understanding what he meant about feeling complete. For the first time in her life she felt whole.
"I wouldn't change you either. I love you, Decebel." Jen's face was full of vulnerability when she pressed her lips to his. As she pulled back, she laughed and her eyes widened when she saw the images Decebel was sharing with her through their bond.
"Let me show you how I love you," he whispered to her as he continued to send images her way.
"Are those promises?" she asked as she ducked her head and looked up at him through lowered lashes.
He nodded and rolled her on her back. He spent the rest of the night fulfilling the images he had shared.


###chapter 30
**Twenty-Seven Days Post-Curse**

"All I'm saying is that we should really consider buying stock in Frontline. I mean, it makes sense. Think of how many of us turn furry. The potential for fleas is astronomical." Jen was going on and on while they sat in the upstairs bedroom they shared in the tavern. Jen and Jacque were sprawled across one bed, while Sally laid on her stomach, propped up on her elbows in an adjacent one.
"Jen, I'm going to say this really slow so that you will understand me," Jacque began, but was interrupted by Sally.
"No, don't say it slow. That won't help. What you need to do is add a reference to sex and some profanity. Then she will totally get you."
"Good call, Vern." Jacque gave Sally a fist bump and turned back to Jen. "Listen up, you flea-obsessed bitch. First of all, we are in Romania where it is freaking cold, there are no fleas. Second of all, Decebel would not want to roll in the sheets with you if you smelled like Frontline. Let go of the fleas, Jen, embrace a flealess attitude. Damn."
Sally was cracking up. Jen sat there, looking at Jacque with her head cocked to the side.
"Well, alright then, Jac. Tell me how you really feel. And, seriously, don't hold back on my account." Jen rolled her eyes.
"See? Told you she'd get it," Sally said in between giggles.

"Jacque, Jen and Sally," Vasile hollered from down stairs. "Meeting room, now."
The three girls jumped up and hurried down the stairs. Jen pulled out her phone and saw that it was already late afternoon and would be getting dark soon.
As they entered the meeting room, the girls saw Fane, Decebel, and Costin standing behind three empty chairs close to where Vasile stood. They walked quickly to the chairs and took their seats.
Jen felt Decebel's breath on her neck as he leaned down to whisper in her ear, "It's almost time."
A chill rolled through her at the thought that within a couple of hours they would be on a field, battling for their lives and the lives of Sally and Rachel. Thinking of Rachel, Jen realized she hadn't seen much of her in the past few days. Sally had mentioned a couple times that Peri had them studying spells, but also that they weren't allowed to discuss them. Vasile's deep voice pulled her from her thoughts.
"The location that I and the other Alphas have chosen, along with the help of our Betas, is fifteen miles from here, in a valley between the mountains. We will go in our wolf forms. Peri, Sally, and Rachel will come separately. Peri and I have discussed the fact that Desdemona will know we are coming as soon as we phase and start running through the Alps. I am under no illusions that we will catch her by surprise. You all need to expect her to use anything she can against us. The weather, the animals under her command, and the Serbian pack. I wish I could tell you to go in there and fight honorably, but Thad has proven he has no honor and Desdemona is a witch, evil to her core. They will fight dirty and so must we."
Jen snorted. "No worries, Alpha. I've got no problem throwing a little dirt in my opponent's eyes."
"Or kicking them while they're down," Jacque added.
Vasile actually smiled at the two females. "Good. I expect you to use all your resources. Stay together, don't let them separate us." He looked at Peri, who stood toward the back of the room. "Were you able to get the help we requested?"
Peri nodded. "Elle and Adam will be with us. That is all the council would allow."
Vasile narrowed his eyes, obviously not pleased with her answer. "That will have to be enough, then."
He looked around the room one more time. His eyes settled on each Alpha, a silent thank you for their assistance. Then, taking a step toward the door with Alina's hand in his, he growled, "Let's go."
All followed Vasile and his mate out of the tavern and into the cold night air.

Jen and Jacque stood silently, watching their pack and the others begin to phase as they walked into the forest.
Dillon stopped next to Jacque and pulled her into a hug. "Fight dirty," he grumbled into her hair. Jacque pulled him tight and nodded. When she moved back and looked up at him, she could see the emotion behind his green eyes.
"We got this, dad," she tried to tease him and lighten the moment, but squeezed his arm at the same time, letting him know she understood. She didn't want anything to happen to him either.
He looked at Fane and Decebel, who stood beside the girls. Dillon nodded once and then took off at a swift jog and phased in mid-stride.
"Man, I want to be able to do that." Jen sighed dramatically. The girls, new to phasing, still had to undress and concentrate when they did it.
"Let's do this, ladies," Decebel told them as he and Fane turned their backs so Jen and Jacque could undress.
Once the girls were both in their wolf forms, Decebel and Fane both phased and - after nuzzling their mates briefly - they took off after the rest of their pack.
As they ran through the forest, the cold air whipped through their fur as they dashed around trees and through bushes. Even with the many wolves that ran through the Alps this night, the forest was silent.

"They aren't coming," Thad snarled at Mona as they stood on the hilltop, looking into the empty valley. The night was unusually quiet and still. There was no breeze, no moving tree limbs or rustling leaves. The clear, cold night was lit up by the large golden moon and in the stillness was an eerie feeling.
"You of all people should know, Thad, when you can't hear the wolves," Mona paused as she looked out into the open field below them, "that's when the wolves are coming."
She closed her eyes and raised her hands to the silent sky as she began to chant:
"Earth, water, wind, and fire,
Hear my voice, embrace my desire.
Water, come rain down your flood,
Pour over this valley, soon to soak with blood."
Clouds that hadn't been there moments before began to gather. Thad listened as thunder began to roll and, suddenly, the sky opened and the water fell in sheets of cold rain. He squinted through the raindrops that splashed against his face, attempting now to focus on the field. A low growl rumbled in his chest as he watched several wolves work their way through the trees onto the open field that was being drenched and muddied by the unnatural downpour.
Mona's laugh broke through his thoughts "See? I told you they'd come. The wolves want to play. Let's give them some toys, shall we?" She pushed her arms out in front of her with a mighty shout.
Thad watched as all the beasts and creatures she had gathered began to work their way out of the forest opposite the wolves. He stepped forward, ready to phase, but Mona stopped him with a hand to his chest.
"Not yet, Alpha. We wait."

Cold rain stung Sally, Rachel, and Peri in the face as they opened their eyes. Peri had warned them that when she used the Veil to travel it might make them a little disoriented, and Sally could definitely attest to feeling disoriented. But as she looked out onto the field below them, she decided that it wasn't the method of travel that was making her feel that way. She watched the wolves of her pack and the others begin to filter through the forest of the Alps onto the wet field.
Her eyes widened when she saw animals Peri had talked about - the ones Desdemona had taken under her control.  They moved with an unnatural swiftness and an uncanny certainty. They were out for blood. It was written in the snarls across their faces and the hair raised on their backs. Bears, wolves, wild boar, and many more with one goal in common: kill the members of her pack.
Sally pulled her shoulders back and stood tall. She was a gypsy healer. She had power and she would not let her friends fall. She would not let this witch win. "Peri, we need to hurry." She motioned to the field.
Rachel and Peri both paused their preparations to look where Sally indicated.
"Sally, hold this as I showed you before," Peri instructed as she handed her a white stone.
Sally cupped the stone in her hands and held it reverently out in front of her. She closed her eyes and began to seek out the magic that lived inside her, that was a part of her essence.
Rachel held a green stone and Peri held a blue one and a red one. These stones were the Stones of the Fae. They represented the elements, and just as the witch could draw on the elements using blood magic, the Fae could draw on them using the stones. The stones came from deep in the realm of the Veil. Peri tried to explain how that was possible, but Sally finally told her she would just take her at her word.
They stood in a semi-circle, facing the field, and closed their eyes. Peri began to chant in a language she had only just begun to teach to Rachel and Sally. Nevertheless, the two joined her chant and Sally tried very hard to keep her eyes closed and focus steady. Peri had explained that she would have to keep from being distracted, that it would take the combined, directed magic of the three of them to take on the witch. And so, they began.

"Uh, babe. You seeing what I'm seeing?" Jen asked Decebel as they moved out onto the field. In her wolf form she could see through the darkness with no problem and therefore saw very clearly what was coming for them across the field.
"Stay to the back of the pack, Jennifer. Go for the smaller prey. And for the love of all things worth fighting for, don't try to be a freaking hero."
"Your confidence in me is astounding, Dec. Really, I'm touched," Jen growled at him.
Decebel chuckled in response.
Doing as he asked, she and Jacque began to slow their run and pull back to the rear of the pack. Crina and Cynthia came alongside, them giving them short yips in greeting. As the four she-wolves began to get closer, they all came to a complete stop when they saw the first wave of wolves meet with the witch's hoard.
Jen had watched many a battle on the big screen and always wondered if it would be that brutal or worse in real life. She decided right then that it was worse. Much worse.
Vasile, Decebel, Fane, Dillon and the other Alphas crashed into the wolves and bears - snarls, teeth snapping, and movements quicker than the eye could track. Jen watched in rapt awe as her white-pawed mate ripped through a bear as if it were a small rabbit. He lunged for the bear's throat and with a mighty tear of his head, the bear's neck burst open. Blood splattered Decebel's fur as the bear crashed to the wet ground. He didn't pause, moving on to the next opponent.
To the far left, Elle and Adam - the two Fae who had saved their butts earlier - were battling it out using their magic and Jen had to admit she was impressed with their moves. None of their opponents got even close to them before they were brought down.
Jacque stepped forward and crouched low, lifting her lips in a deadly snarl. Jen was with her. It was time to kick some evil ass.
Jen and Jacque took off at the same time, with Crina and Cynthia close at their heels. Jen focused on some small foxes she saw along the edge of the battle, veering right. Jacque and the others moved with her. She saw Alina fighting with another wolf and Jen adjusted her direction again, heading to help their Alpha female.
Jen and Jacque lunged at the same time. Jen grabbed one of the wolf's back legs and snapped her jaws, feeling the bone snap satisfyingly beneath her teeth. Jacque had her mouth on the wolf's head, biting down with crushing force. While Jen and Jacque had the wolf occupied, Alina went in for the kill. Grabbing the throat of the wolf, she jerked her head and snapped its neck. The three let go of the wolf at the same time. Jen and Jacque both bared their necks to Alina in submission and from that moment on the females all worked in sync, taking down foe after foe together in ambush.
Jen didn't know how long they had been fighting, but she figured she should be getting tired. Instead, she was as energetic as ever. The adrenaline and stamina of her wolf were awe inspiring. Just as they finished off a large bear, they froze. The downpour had suddenly ceased.
Jen and Jacque both looked up to the hill where Peri, Rachel, and Sally stood. A soft glow appeared around them and began to get brighter. Whatever they were doing, it was working.
Suddenly, a howl went up and Jen knew instinctively that it was her Alpha, Vasile. The compulsion to join in the victory howl rose in her throat. With the rest of her pack she lifted her head toward the moon and let out an ear-splitting howl.
As the howl died down, she looked out into the battle field and saw that not a single animal was left standing aside from the packs. They had done it. That thought lasted all of two seconds before the ground began to shake under her paws. She shifted nervously and Jacque came and stood closer to her. They watched in horror as it appeared as though the very land was coming alive beyond the tree line. But it wasn't the land, it was what moved swiftly across the land. The Serbian pack had come. They swarmed over a hill, charging down into the valley, straight at them. And so, the battle continued.

Decebel growled low as he watched the Serbian pack running for them. He waited, let his enemy run and wear themselves down, if only a little. He looked to Vasile, who stood tall and proud, Fane on his other side in the same stance. Their fur was covered in the evil blood of their enemies, their bodies tense from the fight. Decebel lowered himself to the ground, ready to lunge. He waited, held still for the perfect moment and as the first wolf lunged himself into the air, Decebel struck, going just under him, running his sharp canines along the tender, vulnerable underside of the wolf's stomach. Decebel tasted the wolf's blood as he tore through fur, flesh, and muscle. He didn't stop to see if his rival fell.
Wolf after wolf he tore through, looking for the one he wanted, the one who had tried to kill his mate. The one who had poisoned his Alphas and defied pack law for centuries, employing a witch. Finally, across the field, he saw Thad circling as Fane and Costin did the same. Decebel took off at a run - the Alpha was his kill. He broke into their circle, snarling at Fane and Costin, making it clear he intended to take on Thad. Alone.
As soon as Fane and Costin had backed off, Decebel focused his attention on Thad. He didn't notice the strong wind picking up or the snow beginning to swirl around them. He didn't give heed to the bright orange that flashed in the forest as fire began to crackle in the air. His purpose, his utter intent was all on the wolf before him. He lifted his lip in a snarl and began to move in a slow circle, his wolf sizing up the competition. Thad made a lunge that was intended to intimidate, but Decebel didn't flinch.
Thad must have seen the intent in Decebel's eyes just before he made his own lunge and they clashed in the air, muzzles snapping, paws slamming into skulls and ribs. They came apart and circled again, blood dripping from a gash on Decebel's head where Thad's canines had grazed him. He'd had enough of this - he wanted to end this now.
He went in low and lunged quickly, grabbing Thad's left front paw. He crushed his jaws together, breaking the bone, and let go. He lunged over and over, making quick snaps here and there, breaking a back leg, crushing a rib. Slowly, he weakened the Alpha. Thad got in a few good swipes and Decebel dripped from gashes on his side. Decebel was briefly distracted as he observed Jennifer's wolf form from the corner of his eye. Thad took the momentary lapse in his attention to lunge. He managed to crash into Decebel's side, taking him down.
 Decebel heard a piercing snarl and saw Jennifer jump over him onto Thad's back. She latched onto one of his ears and pulled with all her might, ripping the ear off. Thad snarled and swung his body, flinging Jennifer violently from his back. Decebel jumped to his feet and turned, quickly grabbing Thad's back leg before he could go after his mate. Thad turned and snapped at Decebel and Decebel let go, only to lunge low under Thad and latch onto his throat from underneath. Decebel pushed his teeth deeper through the wolf's fur, seeking the flesh and bone. He made a huge swing with his head and snapped his jaws together at the same time, effectively snapping the Alpha's neck. Decebel gave another shake for good measure, then dropped the lifeless body from his mouth. He rolled the dead Alpha onto his back and, with a mighty snarl, ripped into his abdomen, disemboweling him.
Decebel let out a victory howl and the battle field grew still as the effect of the Serbian Alpha's death reverberated through the Serbian pack.
One by one the wolves fell to their stomachs, necks bared.
Jen came to stand next to Decebel. He leaned his head down and licked her bloody muzzle.
"Is it done?" Jen asked tentatively, just as a blood curling scream rent the air.
"Not quite," Decebel murmured as they looked to the hilltop. There Desdemona stood with raised arms.


###chapter 31
Sally's body began to tremble as she held the stone in her hands, the force of Desdemona's will crushing over her. She heard a voice in her mind whispering to drop the stone, give in, come to her. Sally squeezed her eyes shut as she fought the compulsion. She felt her knees begin to weaken, but before she could collapse, strong arms wrapped around her. She didn't have to open her eyes to know who it was.
She continued to fight, to push back. "You will not win," she responded to the whispers, to the evil that tried to flow over her skin like slick oil.
"Sally, healer from another land. You will be mine, your blood will sustain my power. I will watch the life fade from your eyes as I cut your beating heart from your chest."
The voice scraped against her mind as Sally struggled with the images the witch projected. She felt wetness on her face - tears were running from her eyes. It wasn't supposed to end like this, evil wasn't supposed to escape. She felt a gut-wrenching pull inside her and let out a scream as she pushed back. A flash of light pierced the night and then all was still. The wind stopped, the snow ceased to fall, and the silent night wrapped itself around the quieted battle field.
Sally opened her eyes slowly and tried to gain her bearings. She looked over her shoulder into deep hazel eyes.
"I've got you, Sally mine," Costin whispered into her ear. Sally didn't fight him, but turned into his embrace and let his warmth comfort her.
"It wasn't supposed to end like this Costin. She got away. She won."
"Shh, hush. She didn't win. She bought herself a reprieve, nothing more." Costin stroked her hair gently and held her close.
Peri stepped up to Sally with Rachel at her side. "You did well, young healer. Desdemona is strong. She will be back and we must be ready."
"What are we going to do?" Sally asked as she raised her head from Costin's shoulder.
"The only thing we can," Peri told her firmly. "Prepare for the worst, hope for the best."

"I want you to head back to the tavern with the other females," Decebel told Jen as she nuzzled his neck.
"What are you going to do?"
"Vasile and I need to deal with the Serbian pack. I will let you know what happens when we are done."
Jen narrowed her eyes at him, knowing something was up, but he wasn't spilling.
"Fine, keep your secrets. Just remember,"
"Don't write a check your pretty hide can't cash, Jennifer," Decebel interrupted his irritated mate.
Jen turned from him with a snort and followed Jacque as they caught up with Alina and the others. Vasile had given his mate the same orders.

Decebel watched his mate leave with the others and had to hold himself back from following. He didn't like letting her out of his sight, needing to make sure she was okay after the brutality she had just endured, but the Serbian pack had to be dealt with.
He walked over to Vasile and they both phased back into their human forms.
"Who is the highest-ranking pack member alive in the Serbian pack?" Vasile's voice boomed across the field. One by one, the Serbian wolves moved toward Vasile and began to phase back into human form. When they were all standing in front of Vasile and Decebel, they all knelt as one, all except a large, dark haired man.
"I was fifth in the pack rankings, Alpha," the wolf responded without looking at Vasile. He stared at the ground instead. Decebel watched the wolf's body language and it was apparent that he was not dominant enough to lead a pack.
The wolf stepped forward toward Decebel and knelt, he bared his neck and briefly met his eyes.
"You defeated our Alpha, your pack defeated our top four. We owe you fealty and submit to you."
Decebel's jaw dropped, but he composed himself quickly. He looked at Vasile, who didn't look surprised.
"It is the old way. You defeated their Alpha, technically you are now their Alpha," Vasile told him. Decebel was unable to read the emotion on his Alpha's face.
"What do you think?" Decebel asked.
"I hate to lose you as my Beta, but you were destined to be an Alpha. And we cannot ignore the benefit of having such a strong alliance."
Decebel understood that Vasile had to look at how this would affect and benefit their species. Decebel hadn't even considered being the Alpha of a pack again. He was content as Beta, even if submitting to Vasile did not always settle well with his wolf. He looked out over the kneeling wolves. They looked broken and lost. They needed a leader.  They needed someone who would care for them properly, someone to bring their pack back together. Decebel could do that. And he had just taken a woman as his mate who was more than capable to assist him.
"Are there any who will challenge me?" Decebel asked the wolves.
One by one, they averted their eyes in submission.
"I am not like Thad. If I'm to be your Alpha there will be changes, there will be drastic changes. I will not tolerate division, or disloyalty. I will not tolerate mutiny or cruelty or hatred. You will be unified, you will treat your pack mates as well as other packs with respect. You will submit to me and my mate. If you cannot do this, you will be banished from this pack. Am I clear?"
As one they answered, "As you say, so shall it be."
Decebel stepped toward the kneeling man in front of him. "Your name?"
"Drake, Alpha," the man responded quickly.
"Drake, tonight I will ask you to gather our pack." Decebel used the word "our" to immediately establish ownership and let them know he would take care of them. "Follow us back to the tavern. We will discuss in more detail where we go from here."
He nodded once and stood, turning back to the others.
Decebel turned to Vasile, trusting Drake to do as he was instructed. "Well, this is not exactly how I expected my evening to go."
Vasile chuckled. "Well, you're alive, your mate is alive and, for now, we have triumphed. It could be worse."
"I won't celebrate just yet. I have to tell my mate that she has just become Alpha of a broken pack." Decebel turned with Vasile, heading back in the direction of the forest and the tavern.
"I think by now you should know that Jen likes a challenge - thrives on them. She mated you, after all." Vasile lunged into his phase before Decebel could respond and Decebel followed suit.

"How are you?" Decebel asked Jen as they lay on their bed. Two days had passed since the battlefield, since Decebel had dropped in Jen's lap that they had just inherited a pack. They'd made it back to the Romanian pack mansion and in a few days', time would be heading to the Serbian pack headquarters to discuss the changes that were coming.
"It's just a lot to take in, Dec," Jen told him as she traced the markings on his bare chest.
"I can understand that. Are you upset?"
"No. Apprehensive, unsure, somewhere between freaking out and laughing - yes." Jen smiled at him despite her words. "I know we've talked about the why of doing this. I know it's what's best, but what's best doesn't always mean easy. In fact, the two aren't usually friends."
Decebel smiled at her and pulled her closer. He kissed the top of her head.
"We have another issue to deal with," Jen told him.
"Sally," Decebel murmured.
"Yeah, she doesn't know."
"Well, she turns eighteen tomorrow, doesn't she? Seems like she's getting ready to know whether she wants to or not."
"Jacque and I talked about it with Peri and agreed that we think it's something we should tell her privately and you and Vasile should talk to Costin, seeing as how he has taken a keen interest in my girl."
Decebel raised a single eyebrow at his mate. "You and Jacque decided this, huh?"
"Yep. So, you might want to grow a -"
Decebel growled, "Do not finish that sentence, mate of mine."
Jen winked at him as she stood up, pulling from his embrace. "I'm just trying to help you get ready to drop the bomb on Costin."
Decebel snorted. "I think I'm perfectly capable of talking with a pack mate without you telling me to grow a pair."
Jen's jaw dropped. "Why do you get to say it? It takes all the umph from it when you say it," she pouted.
Decebel stood up as he laughed and pulled her into his arms. "Ahh, my sweet, sweet love. What am I going to do about that mouth of yours?"
"Did you seriously just ask me that, B?" Jen pulled back and smiled at him wickedly.
"I did just walk right into that one, didn't I?" he asked sheepishly.
"Yes, my love, that one was all you." She took him by the hand and pulled him toward the door. "Come on, let's go let the lovebirds know that, unbeknownst to them, they are indeed lovebirds, or wolves, or whatever."

"Sally, my dear, we need to talk," Jacque announced dramatically as she entered Sally's room without knocking, Jen right on her heels, and Peri behind her.
"Yes, Jacque, you may come in. Thank you for knocking," Sally said sarcastically.
"Man, this whole gypsy healer thing has given you some back bone, Sal. I'm digging it." Jen winked at her and laid down on the bed next to where she sat.
"So, what's this big news?" Sally asked, looking each of her friends pointedly, then ending up looking at Peri, who she figured had the information.
"Brace yourself, Thelma," Jen muttered.
Peri stepped forward. "There is something about healers that we haven't told you yet. I didn't think you needed to know until you were 18, since it really wouldn't affect you until then."
Sally watched Peri closely but didn't interrupt.
"Sally, healers are mates to Canis lupus."
Sally's mouth dropped open. Her eyes widened in shock. After several moments of opening and closing her mouth, she finally found her voice.
"You mean they can?"
"No, I mean they do," Peri said firmly. "A gypsy healer is always a true mate to a Canis lupus. The bond doesn't present itself until the healer turns 18 and is around said Canis lupus."
"So, you're saying I will be someone's true mate?"
"Come now, Sally dear, don't be obtuse. We know there has been a certain fur ball sniffing around you." Jacque smacked Jen's arm at her lack of tact.
Jen snarled. "I'm just telling it like it is."
Sally stood up abruptly. "You think Costin is my mate?" She couldn't believe the words were coming out of her mouth and she couldn't believe the relief that seeped into her bones at the possibility.
"Sally, he hasn't been able to take his eyes off you the past month. He is constantly with you. Seriously, how could you not notice his interest?"
"It's not that I didn't notice, I just thought with everything going on that emotions were high and whatnot."
"Yeah, well, it's the whatnot that we're going with here," Jen said with a nod.
"Costin doesn't know this information, or didn't know. Decebel and Vasile are speaking with him now."
Sally's head snapped around at Peri's words. "They're telling him now?" her voice rose as she began to process the information. Costin was being told that Sally was possibly his mate. What if he was horrified at the idea? What if he really didn't think of her that way and he had just been being nice the past month because her friends had been going through such horrible things? Sally lowered her head and covered her face with her hands. She didn't think her heart could handle Costin's rejection. She wasn't strong and resilient like Jen or Jacque. She was already falling for Costin and, as she'd predicted, he had the ability to tear her heart out. The thought of him doing it was actually more painful than the threat she'd received from the witch.
As Sally stood there with her hands in her face - thoughts, worries, fears running through her mind - she nearly jumped out of her skin when, once again, her door flew open.
"I need to speak with Sally." Sally's heart plummeted into her stomach at the sound of his voice. Costin's words were firm, and not a request.
Sally turned to look at him - the intensity in his eyes had her taking a step back.
"Don't," he told her as he stepped toward her.
Jen, Jacque, and Peri began to make their way to the door. Jen stopped next to Costin and looked him in the eye. "Hurt her and there is nowhere you will be able to go that I won't find you, and when I do, I will do unspeakable things. Got me?" She raised her eyebrows in challenge.
Costin's eyes widened. He looked from Jen to Sally and then Jacque.
Jacque wrapped an arm around Jen's shoulders, tugging her along as she smiled at Costin, "We know she's disturbed, Costin. Believe me, we've tried to get her help. But I will help her do those unspeakable things if you hurt our girl."
Costin nodded once, acknowledging their words. When the door closed, he looked back to Sally and stepped closer. Sally didn't move. Costin raised a hand and cupped her face gently. Their bodies were now only inches apart.
"Sally mine," his voice was a whispered caress across her face, "I think maybe we have a few small things to talk about."
Sally let out a very unladylike snort, "I think that's an understatement. A 'few small things'? Really?"
Costin's lips twitched at the exasperation in her voice. "Yeah, just a couple of small details. Ring size, do you prefer boxers, briefs, boxer briefs. You know, minor details."
Sally's jaw dropped open at Costin's words, which only made the wolf in front of her stretch a wide grin across his face.
"I already told you, Sally. You are mine. Once you get that major detail into that sharp mind of yours, the rest will be child's play."
Sally didn't know what to say. She stood there, looking into the most beautiful hazel eyes she had ever seen, and wanted to pinch herself to make sure she was awake. She was his. That's what he had said -she was his. Sally's head cocked to the side as she considered that thought. Her eyes narrowed as she continued to look at Costin's too-beautiful face.
"If I'm yours," she paused and licked her lips nervously, "that means -"
Costin wrapped an arm around her waist pulling a gasp from her as he wrapped the hand that had been cupping her face around the nape of her neck possessively. He pressed his forehead to hers and smiled when her breaths quickened.
"You're mine, beautiful healer, which means I'm yours," Costin told her firmly.
Sally tried to slow her breathing, but feeling him so close, the intensity and the confidence in his words - it was all overwhelming.
"Oh boy," she finally got out.
"Oh, sweet Sally mine, now that is an understatement."

Epilogue
Jen watched Decebel as he spoke to the Serbian pack. The confidence he wore like the most comfortable pair of jeans was intoxicating. She should be paying attention to what he was saying, but her man was hot and that was distracting.
"I can hear you, you know?" She heard the smile in his voice as he spoke through their bond.
"Like it's news to you. You know I drool over you on a regular basis." Jen rolled her eyes when he looked up at her from where he stood. She froze when his eyes began to glow.
"Decebel, you can't look at me like that in public."
"Why not? You're mine. Do you need a reminder?" He raised a single eyebrow at her in challenge.
Instead of answering, she turned and walked away, knowing it would drive him crazy. She made a beeline for the room they had claimed in the new mansion that the Serbian pack - her pack - had taken up residence in. It had been only two weeks since the battle, or WWF, as she and Jacque were calling it - Wars with Fur Balls. One thing she had learned, the fur balls didn't play when stuff needed to get done. Things had been moving quickly since it was decided that Decebel would be Alpha of the Serbian pack. They had decided a fresh start was needed and sold the previous pack mansion. They bought a new one on some land that was much closer to the Romanian pack, which was something Jen had pushed for. So far everyone had been very nice. A little timid, but the vibes that Jen was getting were those of relief. It was like the Serbian pack had been starved for affection and safety, and constantly drenched in fear. They had not respected Thad, they had followed him only out of fear, or at least the surviving wolves had.
Decebel had made it very clear that he was their Alpha and he would protect them, provide for them when they needed, and teach them to thrive. Jen was still nervous, but excited at the same time. Rachel had been over helping Jen meet the other females and get things settled. It was still up in the air who Decebel's Beta would be and which healer would come to their pack. So many decisions to be made, so many difficult things ahead of them. But, as Jen walked down the long corridor toward the room Decebel and she had claimed, the only thing she could think of was her mate and how much she needed to be in his arms.
She'd nearly made it to the door when a strong arm swept her off her feet. She let out a breathless laugh as Decebel swung their door open and slammed it behind him. He tossed her on their king-sized bed and let out a low growl when she bounced up onto her hands and knees, ready to jump away.
"Jennifer," he growled in warning.
"Yes, Alpha?" Jen's words dripped with sweetness.
"Don't make me chase you."
"Ahh, but you love the chase."
He moved slowly toward the bed and Jen saw something in his eyes that gave her pause.
"Not tonight, baby. Tonight, I need you right now."
Jen walked on her knees to the edge of the bed, meeting him there. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her tight.
"All you have to do is tell me. Whatever you need, Dec, it's yours." Jen leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips. She could see the worry in the lines on his face and the stress that tensed his muscles.
"I just need you, Jennifer. Always you." He kissed her possessively, firmly letting her know she was his and he was hers.
"All yours, my love," Jen whispered in his mind.
"Thank you, Jennifer. Thank you for loving me."
Jen pulled back, startled by his words.
"Like it's a hardship," she teased, then sobered. "You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, Dec. Never doubt that. Never doubt my love for you."
"You have no idea how much you mean to me, how much joy you have brought to my life." He stepped back from her and walked to the bedside table. Pulling open a drawer, he looked over his shoulder at her. "I have something for you."
Jen smiled. "For me?" she asked brightly.
He nodded. He pulled out a small, white velvet box. Jen's breath caught.
"I wasn't exactly prepared when we bonded and married, so I didn't have this to give you. You wear my marks on your skin, you bear my bite on your beautiful neck. Now I would ask you to wear one more thing to show the world you are mine."
"Decebel, I'm like a walking billboard for you, my sweet fur ball." She couldn't hide her excitement at the sight of the little box.
He sat on the bed and pulled her into his lap.
"This is for you, my precious one," he whispered as he handed her the box.
Jen held her breath as she pulled the lid up, the hinges stiff with newness. She let out a small whimper at the sight before her. She looked up into his eyes and, to her surprise, they were moist with unshed tears. Her own weren't so shy as they rolled down her cheeks.
"Thank you, it's perfect." Her voice was soft as she pulled the ring from its cushioned resting place. He took the ring from her and gently slipped it on her left ring finger. Jen held it out to examine it. It wrapped around her finger like a vine, with all the matching points of the markings on her skin. Decebel had had a platinum ring made in a replica to the marks on their skin, marks that would fit together like a puzzle piece, completing the design the way Decebel completed Jen and the way Jen completed him.
"I don't know what the future holds, Dec. I know it's going to be rough and dangerous and filled with tons of smart-ass comments via yours truly. But as long as you will stand with me, as long as you are here with me, I can deal."
Decebel smiled at his mouthy, blunt, yet fiercely loyal mate.
"There is nothing in this life or the next that can keep me from your side." Decebel's lips were so close to hers that they brushed when he spoke. "I love you, Jennifer."
Jen closed her eyes as she let his words pour over her and through her. She pressed her lips to his and let her actions speak for her.
Their life together was just beginning and the world of the Canis lupus was changing. Jen had defeated death and fate would demand a price; a powerful Alpha had been defeated and a new one instated; an evil witch was on the loose with a vendetta on her hands; history was seeping its way up through the dusty cracks of time, the result of which was a mystery yet to come. They were preparing for the worst, just as Peri had said - preparing for the worst, hoping for the best.
But tonight, tonight the world could wait. Tonight, was for them. A time to forget the fears and worries, and remember that they had walked through the darkness and it had not defeated them. They had come out of the darkness together, emerging whole on the other side.
**********************************
**Continue reading for a sneak peek of Book 5 in The Grey Wolves Series, Beyond the Veil.**